               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               PRELIMINARY FINAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020
               APPENDIX 4E (ASX Listing rule 4.3A)




For personal use only
               RESULTS FOR ANNOUNCEMENT TO THE MARKET

                                                                                                                        2020            2019
                                                                                   UP / DOWN       % CHANGE                $m              $m
               Revenue from ordinary activities                                           Up           5.2 %           18,576          17,658
               Net profit after tax from ordinary activities attributable to
               shareholders of the Parent from continuing operations                    Down           49.6 %             439             871
               Net (loss)/profit after tax from ordinary activities attributable
               to shareholders of the Parent from discontinued operations               Down          102.0 %               (4)           205
               Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Parent                    Down           59.6 %             435           1,076


                                                                                                    AMOUNT                 FRANKED AMOUNT
               DIVIDENDS – ORDINARY SHARES                                                     PER SECURITY                   PER SECURITY
               Final dividend                                                                          - cents                          - cents
               Interim dividend                                                                    10.0 cents                        7.0 cents




               Additional Appendix 4E disclosure requirements can be found in the Annual Report of Insurance Australia Group Limited for the
               year ended 30 June 2020 (Attachment A). This report is also to be read in conjunction with any public announcements made by
               Insurance Australia Group Limited during the reporting year in accordance with the continuous disclosure requirements of the
               Corporations Act 2001 and the ASX Listing Rules.
               The report is based on the consolidated financial statements which have been audited by KPMG.



               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               ABN 60 090 739 923                                                                                                              1
               ATTACHMENT A
               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES
               ANNUAL REPORT 30 JUNE 2020




For personal use only



               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               ABN 60 090 739 923                                   2
                        The numbers




For personal use only


                        Annual Report 2020
                        Insurance Australia Group Limited
                        ABN 60 090 739 923
                ANNUAL REPORT 2020




                Contents




For personal use only
                Directors’ report                     1
                                                          About this report
                Remuneration report                 24
                                                          The 2020 annual report of Insurance Australia Group Limited
                Lead auditor’s independence               (IAG, or the Group) includes IAG’s full statutory accounts, along with
                declaration                          47   the Directors’ and remuneration reports for the financial year ended
                                                          30 June 2020. This year’s corporate governance report is available in
                Consolidated financial
                                                          the About Us area of our website (www.iag.com.au).
                statements contents                 48
                                                          The financial statements are structured to provide prominence
                Consolidated statement of
                                                          to the disclosures that are considered most relevant to the user’s
                comprehensive income                49    understanding of the operations, results and financial position
                Consolidated balance sheet           51   of the Group.

                Consolidated statement                    IAG is a “dual listed issuer” that is listed on both the ASX and
                of changes in equity                 52   the NZX Debt Market. As such, IAG is subject to some, but not all
                                                          of the NZX Main Board/Debt Market Listing Rules (“NZX Listing Rules”).
                Consolidated cash flow statement     53   In particular, the rules set out in Appendix 17 to the NZX Listing Rules
                                                          do not apply to IAG.
                Notes to the financial statements   54
                                                          All figures are in Australian dollars unless otherwise stated.
                Directors’ declaration              102
                Independent auditor’s report        103   2020 annual review and
                Shareholder information             108   safer communities report
                Corporate directory                 111   This report should be read with the 2020 annual review and
                Five-year financial summary         112   safer communities report, which provides a summary of IAG’s
                                                          operating performance, including the Chairman’s, CEO’s and
                                                          Deputy CEO’s reviews.
                                                          Our annual review and safer communities report is also
                                                          available from the home page of our website at www.iag.com.au.
                                                          Detailed information about our safer communities approach and
                                                          non- financial performance is available in the Safer Communities
                                                          area of our website.
                                                          If you would like to have a copy of the annual report or annual review
                                                          mailed to you, contact IAG’s Share Registry using the contact details
                                                          on page 111.


                                                          2020 annual general meeting
                                                          The 2020 annual general meeting (AGM) of Insurance Australia Group
                                                          Limited will commence at 10.00am on Friday, 23 October 2020.
                                                          In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, our AGM this year will be held
                                                          virtually for all shareholders through the online AGM platform at
                                                          https://web.lumiagm.com. The Board of Directors will attend in
                                                          person to the extent they are able to do so in a safe and permissible
                                                          manner. The AGM will be webcast live on the internet at www.iag.
                                                          com.au/shareholder-centre/annual-meetings and an archived
                                                          version will be placed on the website after the event to enable the
                                                          AGM to be viewed at a later time. Details of the meeting, including
                                                          information about how to vote, will be contained in our notice of
                                                          meeting, which will be available online at www.iag.com.au, from
                                                          Thursday, 10 September 2020.
               DIRECTORS' REPORT
               The Directors present their report together with the consolidated financial report of Insurance Australia Group Limited and its
               subsidiaries for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 and the Auditor's Report.

               The following terminology is used throughout the financial report:
                   Company or Parent – Insurance Australia Group Limited; and
                   IAG or Group – the consolidated entity consists of Insurance Australia Group Limited and its subsidiaries.

               DIRECTORS OF INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED




For personal use only
               The names and details of the Company's Directors in office at any time during or since the end of the financial year are set out
               below. Directors were in office for the entire period unless otherwise stated.

               CHAIRMAN
               ELIZABETH B BRYAN AM
               BA (Econ), MA (Econ) – Chairman and Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Elizabeth Bryan was appointed a Director of IAG on 5 December 2014, and became Chairman on 31 March 2016. She is the
               Chairman of the Nomination Committee, and attends all other Board committee meetings in an ex-officio capacity. Elizabeth is also
               the Chairman of Insurance Manufacturers of Australia Pty Limited.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               Elizabeth brings extensive leadership, strategic and financial expertise from a diverse range of industries to her role as Chairman.

               She has over 30 years of experience in the financial services industry, government policy and administration, and on the boards of
               companies and statutory organisations.

               Previous roles include Chairmanship of Caltex Australia Limited and UniSuper Limited.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   Virgin Australia Group, since 2015. While Elizabeth remains technically a member of the Board of Virgin Australia Group and
                    its Chairman, the powers and responsibilities of the Board were vested in the Administrator from 20 April 2020; and
                   IAG Finance (New Zealand) Limited (a part of the Group), since 2016. This company was delisted from the ASX on 17
                    December 2019.

               MANAGING DIRECTOR
               PETER G HARMER
               Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Peter Harmer was appointed Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of IAG on 16 November 2015. He is a member of the
               Nomination Committee.

               Peter joined IAG in 2010 as Chief Executive Officer, CGU Insurance and has held a number of senior roles. Prior to his current role,
               he was Chief Executive of the IAG Labs division, responsible for driving digital and innovation across IAG and its brands, and
               creating incubator areas to explore innovative opportunities across the fintech landscape.

               Before this, Peter was Chief Executive of IAG's Australian Commercial Insurance division.

               Peter was previously Chief Executive Officer of Aon Limited UK and a member of Aon’s Global Executive Board, and spent seven
               years as Chief Executive Officer of Aon’s Australian, New Zealand and Pacific operations.

               He has over 40 years of experience in the insurance industry, including senior roles in underwriting, reinsurance broking and
               commercial insurance broking as Managing Director of John C. Lloyd Reinsurance Brokers, Chairman and Chief Executive of Aon Re
               and Chairman of the London Market Reform Group.

               Peter has completed the Harvard Advanced Management Program.

               On 8 April 2020, Peter advised the Board of his decision to retire from IAG by the end of calendar year 2020.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   IAG Finance (New Zealand) Limited (a part of the Group), since 2015. This company was delisted from the ASX on 17
                    December 2019.




                                                                                                                                                      1
               OTHER DIRECTORS
               SIMON C ALLEN
               BCom, BSc, CFInstD – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Simon Allen was appointed a Director of IAG on 12 November 2019 and is a member of the People and Remuneration Committee,
               Risk Committee and Nomination Committee.

               Simon has been a Non-Executive Director of IAG’s wholly-owned subsidiary, IAG New Zealand Limited since September 2015 and
               was appointed its Chairman in November 2019.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE




For personal use only
               Simon has over 30 years of commercial experience in the New Zealand and Australian capital markets and was Chief Executive of
               investment bank BZW/ABN AMRO in New Zealand for 21 years. He is currently Chair of The New Zealand Refining Company Limited
               and a Trustee of the New Zealand Antarctic Heritage Trust.

               He was the inaugural Chair of NZX Limited and of the Financial Markets Authority and Crown Fibre Holdings Limited (renamed
               Crown Infrastructure Partners Limited).

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   The New Zealand Refining Company Limited, since 2015.

               DUNCAN M BOYLE
               BA (Hons), FCII, FAICD – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Duncan Boyle was appointed a Director of IAG on 23 December 2016. He is Chairman of the Risk Committee and a member of the
               Audit Committee, People and Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee.

               Duncan is Chairman of TAL Dai-ichi Life and a former Non-Executive Director of QBE Insurance Group.

               Duncan’s executive career included senior roles with a variety of financial and corporate institutions, including Royal and Sun
               Alliance Insurance. He also held various board roles with the Association of British Insurers, Insurance Council of Australia, Global
               Aviation Underwriting Managers, AAMI and APIA.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               Duncan is a former Non-Executive Director of Stockland Group and Clayton Utz.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   None.

               SHEILA C MCGREGOR
               BA (Hons), LLB, AICD Diploma – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Sheila McGregor was appointed a Director of IAG on 13 March 2018. She is a member of the Audit Committee, Risk Committee
               and Nomination Committee.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               Sheila is a Partner at Gilbert + Tobin, advising on business-critical technology, data, privacy and digital issues. Previously, she was
               a Senior Partner at Herbert Smith Freehills (then Freehills).

               Sheila is a Non-Executive Director of Crestone Holdings Limited. She is also a Non-Executive Director of St Vincent's Health
               Australia, the Sydney Writers’ Festival and Board Chair of an independent girls’ school in Sydney.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   None.




               2 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               JONATHAN (JON) B NICHOLSON
               BA – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Jon Nicholson was appointed a Director of IAG on 1 September 2015. He is Chairman of the People and Remuneration Committee
               and a member of the Risk Committee and Nomination Committee.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               Jon is Non-Executive Chairman of Westpac Foundation, a trustee of Westpac Bicentennial Foundation and a Non-Executive Director
               of Cape York Partnerships and QuintessenceLabs.

               He previously spent eight years with Westpac Banking Corporation, first as Chief Strategy Officer and later as Enterprise Executive.




For personal use only
               He retired from Westpac in 2014.

               Jon’s executive career included senior roles with a variety of financial and corporate institutions, including the Boston Consulting
               Group. He also held various roles with the Australian Government, including Senior Private Secretary to the Prime Minister of
               Australia (Bob Hawke) and senior positions in the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   None.

               HELEN M NUGENT AO
               BA (Hons), PhD, MBA, HonDBus, HonDUniv – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Helen Nugent was appointed a Director of IAG on 23 December 2016. She is a member of the Audit Committee, Nomination
               Committee and Risk Committee.

               Previously, Helen was Chairman of Swiss Re (Australia) and Swiss Re (Life and Health) Australia, and a Non-Executive Director of
               Mercantile Mutual.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               In the financial services sector, Helen was the Chairman of Veda Group and Funds SA (along with Swiss Re), as well as a Non-
               Executive Director of Macquarie Group for fifteen years and the State Bank of New South Wales. She also served on Westpac
               Banking Corporation’s executive team as Director of Strategy, and prior to that specialised in the financial services sector as a
               partner at McKinsey & Company.

               Her experience as a Non-Executive Director extends to the energy sector. Currently, she is Chairman of Ausgrid, and previously was
               a Director of Origin Energy. This built on work she undertook in the sector while at McKinsey.

               In the arts sector, Helen is the Chairman of the National Portrait Gallery, and previously was Chairman of the National Opera
               Review, the Major Performing Arts Inquiry, the Major Performing Arts Board of the Australia Council, as well as being Deputy
               Chairman of the Australia Council and Opera Australia.

               Helen has been Chancellor of Bond University and President of Cranbrook School, as well as having been a member of the Bradley
               Review into tertiary education.

               Helen is also currently Chairman of the National Disability Insurance Agency and a member of the Board of the Garvan Institute for
               Medical Research. Helen was appointed Non-Executive Director on TPG Telecom effective 14 July 2020.

               Helen’s commitment to business and the community was recognised with her being made an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO),
               receiving a Centenary Medal, and being awarded Honorary Doctorates from the University of Queensland and Bond University.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   TPG Telecom, since 14 July 2020.

               THOMAS (TOM) W POCKETT
               CA, BCom – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Tom Pockett was appointed a Director of IAG on 1 January 2015. He is Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Risk
               Committee and Nomination Committee.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               Tom is Chairman and Non-Executive Director of Stockland Group, Chairman and Non-Executive Director of Autosports Group
               Limited, and Deputy Chair and a Director of Sunnyfield Independence Association and a Director of O'Connell Street Associates. He
               previously spent over 11 years as Chief Financial Officer and over seven years as Finance Director with Woolworths Limited and
               retired from these roles in February 2014 and July 2014, respectively. Tom has also held senior finance roles at Commonwealth
               Bank, Lend Lease Corporation and Deloitte.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   Autosports Group Limited, since 2016; and
                   Stockland Group, since 2014.



                                                                                                                                                      3
               GEORGE SAVVIDES AM
               BEng (Hons), MBA, FAICD – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               George Savvides was appointed a Director of IAG on 12 June 2019 and is a member of the People and Remuneration Committee,
               Risk Committee and Nomination Committee.

               He has extensive executive experience, serving as Chief Executive Officer of leading health insurer Medibank for 14 years (2002-
               2016), and CEO of Sigma Company (now Sigma Healthcare) (1996-2001).

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               George is a Non-Executive Director of New Zealand's Exchange (NZX) listed entity, Ryman Healthcare since 2013. He is a Non-




For personal use only
               Executive Chairman of Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) listed biotech company Next Science (since 2018) and Chairman of the
               Special Broadcasting Service Corporation (SBS) (since July 2020).

               He is a former Non-Executive Chairman of Kings Transport and Non-Executive Chairman of Macquarie University Hospital, and
               served for 18 years on the Board of World Vision Australia, including six years as Chairman, retiring in 2018.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   Ryman Healthcare, since 2013; and
                   Next Science, since 2018.

               MICHELLE TREDENICK
               BSc, FAICD, F Fin – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Michelle Tredenick was appointed a Director of IAG on 13 March 2018 and is a member of the People and Remuneration
               Committee, Risk Committee and Nomination Committee.

               Michelle has held a number of senior executive roles in major Australian companies, including National Australia Bank, MLC and
               Suncorp. She was Chief Information Officer (CIO) for Suncorp, MLC and National Australia Bank, as well as Head of Strategy for
               MLC and Head of Strategy and Marketing for Suncorp. She was also CEO of MLC’s Corporate Superannuation business and Head
               of their New Zealand Insurance and Wealth Management businesses.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               Michelle is a Non-Executive Director of the Bank of Queensland (since 2011), where she chairs the Information Technology
               Committee. She was recently appointed as a Non-Executive Director of First Sentier Investors in June 2020. She is a Director of
               Cricket Australia (since 2015) and Urbis Pty Ltd (since 2016). Michelle is also a member of The Ethics Centre Board and a member
               of the Senate of The University of Queensland. She is a former Chair of the IAG & NRMA Superannuation Plan (2012-2018).

               She was awarded Banking and Finance CIO of the Year in 1998 and again in 2006.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   Bank of Queensland Limited, since 2011.

               DIRECTOR WHO CEASED DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR
               Hugh Fletcher was a Director from 1 September 2007 to 25 October 2019.

               COMPANY SECRETARIES OF INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               PETER HORTON
               BA, LLB
               Peter Horton joined IAG as Group General Counsel and Company Secretary in December 2019.

               He was previously Executive Manager Legal, Governance and Risk at Transgrid.

               Peter’s career has included roles as Group General Counsel and Company Secretary for QBE Insurance Group Limited, Group
               General Counsel and Company Secretary of Woolworths Limited, General Manager Legal and Company Secretary of WMC
               Resources Limited and a Corporate Lawyer then Principal Solicitor at BHP Petroleum Pty Limited.

               He is also a Non-Executive Director of the not-for-profit company Business For Development.

               Peter was awarded a Lifetime Achievement Award for service to corporate law and in-house legal by Global Leaders in Law in
               September 2018. He was the ACLA Australian Corporate Lawyer of the Year in 2002 and his teams were awarded the ACLA
               Australian Law Award for In-House Legal Department of the Year in 2004 and 2005 (WMC Resources Limited) and 2013
               (Woolworths Limited).




               4 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               JANE BOWD
               FGIA, FCIS, GAICD, GradDip, LLM, LLB, BA
               Jane Bowd joined IAG as the Group Company Secretary in June 2020, and leads IAG's Board Services Team.

               Jane was previously the Group Company Secretary & Corporate Counsel at Coca-Cola Amatil, and prior to that was the Head of
               Secretariat of the Global Wealth Division at ANZ Bank. She started her legal and governance career as a private practice lawyer in
               top tier law firm Clayton Utz, including in Corporate M&A.

               Jane holds a Graduate Diploma of Applied Corporate Governance, Master of Laws, Graduate Diploma of Legal Practice, Bachelor of
               Laws, Bachelor of Arts, and is a graduate of the Royal Military College, Duntroon. Jane brings deep knowledge and expertise in
               legal and governance matters from her financial services roles and private practice, and membership of the Governance Institute of




For personal use only
               Australia’s Legislative Review Committee.

               Jane is an Independent Non-Executive Director of Financial Planning Association of Australia (FPA), and is also a Committee
               Member on the FPA's Board Audit and Risk Management Committee, and Governance and Remuneration Committee.

               SEJIL MISTRY
               BProc, LLM, FGIA, FCIS
               Sejil joined IAG in September 2002 and has held the role of Company Secretary since September 2015. She holds Master of Laws
               from the University of New South Wales and bachelor’s degree in law from the University of Natal, South Africa. She also holds a
               Graduate Diploma of Applied Corporate Governance from the Governance Institute of Australia and is a Fellow of the Governance
               Institute of Australia. Sejil has over 20 years’ experience in the insurance industry and has deep risk and governance experience.


               MEETINGS OF DIRECTORS
               The number of meetings each Director was eligible to attend and actually attended during the financial year, including those
               attended in an ex-officio capacity, is summarised below:

                                                                                   PEOPLE AND
                                                                                  REMUNERATION           AUDIT               RISK             BOARD SUB         NOMINATION
               DIRECTOR                           BOARD OF DIRECTORS                COMMITTEE          COMMITTEE           COMMITTEE          COMMITTEE         COMMITTEE
                                               Scheduled         Unscheduled
               Total number of
               meetings held(1)                   13                   4                  4                  4                  5                  2                  2
                                           Eligible        Eligible        Eligible        Eligible        Eligible        Eligible        Eligible
                                              to              to              to              to              to              to              to
                                           attend Attended attend Attended attend Attended attend Attended attend Attended attend Attended attend Attended
               Elizabeth Bryan(1),(4)        13        13        4         4         -        4         -        4         4        5         2        2         2         2
               Peter Harmer(4)               13        13        4         4         -        4         -        4         -        5         2        2         1         1
               Simon Allen(2),(4)             9         9        3         3         3        3         -        3         4        4         -        -         1         1
               Duncan Boyle                  13        13        4         4         4        4         4        4         5        5         -        -         2         2
               Sheila
               McGregor(1),(4)               13        13        4         4         -        4         4        4         4        5         -        -         2         2
               Jon Nicholson(4)              13        13        4         4         4        4         -        4         5        5         -        -         2         2
               Helen Nugent(4)               13        13        4         4         -        4         4        4         5        5         -        -         2         2
               Tom Pockett(4)                13        13        4         4         -        4         4        4         5        5         1        1         2         2
               George Savvides(4)            13        13        4         4         4        4         -        3         5        5         -        -         2         2
               Michelle
               Tredenick(1),(4)              13        12        4         4         4        4         -        4         4        5         -        -         2         2
               Hugh Fletcher(3),(4)           4         4        -         -         1        1         -        1         1        1         1        1         1         1
               (1)      Elizabeth Bryan, Sheila McGregor and Michelle Tredenick were appointed to the Risk Committee on 24 October 2019.
               (2)      Simon Allen was appointed to the Board, Nomination Committee and Risk Committee on 12 November 2019. He was appointed to the People and Remuneration
                        Committee on 14 November 2019.
               (3)      Hugh Fletcher was a member of the Board, Risk Committee, People and Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee until 25 October 2019.
               (4)      Where not eligible to attend as a Committee member, the Director attended the meeting/s in an ex-officio capacity.




                                                                                                                                                                               5
               PRINCIPAL ACTIVITY
               The principal continuing activity of IAG is the underwriting of general insurance and related corporate services and investing
               activities. IAG reports its financial information under the following segments:

               DIVISION           OVERVIEW                                                                      PRODUCTS
               Australia          This segment is a leading provider of general insurance products to both      Short-tail insurance
                                  individuals and businesses in Australia. The Australia division benefits from  Motor vehicle
               77% of Group gross its access to a variety of distribution channels and an array of well-           Home and contents
               written premium    established brands, as summarised below.
                                                                                                                   Lifestyle and leisure,
               (GWP)
                                  The Australian division provides consumer insurance products through              such as boat, veteran




For personal use only
                                  branches, call centres, the internet and representatives, under the following     and classic car and
                                  brands:                                                                           caravan
                                      NRMA Insurance in New South Wales, Australian Capital Territory,            Business packages
                                       Queensland and Tasmania;                                                    Farm and crop
                                      SGIO in Western Australia;                                                  Commercial property
                                      SGIC in South Australia;                                                    Construction and
                                      RACV in Victoria, via a distribution agreement with RACV;                    engineering
                                      Coles Insurance nationally, via a distribution agreement with Coles;        Commercial motor and
                                      WFI nationally; and                                                          fleet motor
                                      CGU Insurance nationally through affinity and financial institution
                                                                                                                Long-tail insurance
                                       partnerships and broker and agent channels.
                                                                                                                   Compulsory Third Party
                                  The division also includes travel insurance, life insurance and income            (motor injury liability)
                                  protection products which are underwritten by third parties.                     Workers' compensation
                                  Business insurance products are sold through a network of around 2,000           Professional indemnity
                                  intermediaries, such as brokers, agents and financial institutions and           Directors' and officers'
                                  directly through call centre and online channels, under the following brands:  Public and products
                                      CGU Insurance;                                                               liability
                                      WFI;
                                      NRMA Insurance;
                                      RACV;
                                      SGIO; and
                                      SGIC.
               New Zealand      The New Zealand business is the leading general insurance provider in the           Short-tail insurance
                                country in both the direct and broker/agent channels. Insurance products               Motor vehicle
               23% of Group GWP are provided directly to customers, primarily under the State and AMI                  Home and contents
                                brands, and indirectly through insurance brokers and agents, under the NZI
                                                                                                                       Commercial property,
                                and Lumley Insurance brands. General insurance products are also
                                                                                                                        motor and fleet motor
                                distributed through agents and under third party brands by corporate
                                partners, which include large financial institutions.                                  Construction and
                                                                                                                        engineering
                                                                                                                       Niche insurance, such
                                                                                                                        as pleasure craft, boat
                                                                                                                        and caravan
                                                                                                                       Rural
                                                                                                                       Marine

                                                                                                                    Long-tail insurance
                                                                                                                       Personal liability
                                                                                                                       Commercial liability

               Corporate and other Corporate and other comprises other activities, including corporate services,
                                   capital management activity, shareholders' funds investment activities,
                                   inward reinsurance from associates, investment in associates, and other
                                   businesses that offer products and services that are adjacent to IAG's
                                   insurance business.




               6 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               RECONCILIATION BETWEEN THE STATUTORY RESULTS (IFRS) AND THE MANAGEMENT REPORTED (NON-
               IFRS) RESULTS
               The discussion of operating performance in the operating and financial review section of this report is presented on a management
               reported basis unless otherwise stated. Management reported results are non-IFRS financial information and are not directly
               comparable to the statutory results presented in other parts of this financial report. A reconciliation between the two is provided in
               this section and the guidance provided in Australian Securities and Investments Commission Regulatory Guide 230 'Disclosing non-
               IFRS financial information' ('RG 230') has been followed when presenting the management reported results. Non-IFRS financial
               information has not been audited by the external auditor, but has been sourced from the financial reports. IAG’s statutory and
               management reported profit before income tax from continuing operations are the same.




For personal use only
               On 24 January 2020, and subsequently on 24 July 2020, IAG advised that its current year results would contain a provision for
               customer refunds. The provision comprises premium refunds, interest attributable to those refunds and the cost of administering
               the associated remediation program. This provision relates to multi-year pricing-related issues identified by IAG where discounts
               were not always applied in full to premiums for all customers who may have been eligible. This provision is not expected to be a
               feature of the Group’s future sustainable earnings profile. As a result, and to ensure consistency of the reporting of key insurance
               measures and metrics, this item has been shown below the insurance profit in the management reported view of the current year’s
               results. This view is consistent with the approach adopted in IAG’s Investor Report.

               Reconciliation between the statutory results (IFRS) and the management reported (non-IFRS) results is presented below:

                                                                                                        STATUTORY        CUSTOMER MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                          RESULTS          REFUND          RESULTS
                                                                                                            (IFRS)       PROVISION       (NON-IFRS
                                                                                                                                      PER INVESTOR
                                                                                                                                           REPORT)
                                                                                                               $m               $m               $m
               Gross written premium                                                                         11,985             150          12,135
               Movement in unearned premium liability                                                             29                -              29
               Gross earned premium                                                                          12,014             150          12,164
               Outwards reinsurance premium expense                                                          (4,776)             (25)         (4,801)
               Net earned premium                                                                             7,238             125            7,363
               Net claims expense                                                                            (5,010)                -         (5,010)
               Commission expense                                                                            (1,009)                -         (1,009)
               Underwriting expense                                                                          (2,070)            140           (1,930)
               Reinsurance commission revenue                                                                 1,201              (19)          1,182
               Net underwriting expense                                                                      (1,878)            121           (1,757)
               Underwriting profit                                                                              350             246              596
               Net investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                                    145                 -            145
               Insurance profit                                                                                 495             246              741
               Net other operating income/(expenses)                                                              40           (246)            (206)
               Profit before income tax from continuing operations                                              535                 -            535
               Income tax expense                                                                                (37)               -             (37)
               Profit after income tax from continuing operations                                               498                 -            498
               Non-controlling interests                                                                         (59)               -             (59)
               Profit after income tax and non-controlling interests                                            439                 -            439
               Net loss after tax from discontinued operations                                                     (4)              -               (4)
               Profit attributable to IAG shareholders                                                          435                 -            435
               The adjustments summarised above reflect the current year pre-tax earnings impact of the inclusion of the provision for customer
               refunds. The gross provision for customer refunds, interest attributable to those refunds and the cost of administering the
               associated remediation program is $290 million (refer to Note 5.3) and after recognition of a $44 million recovery from IAG's whole-
               of-account quota share arrangements, the current year net pre-tax earnings impact is $246 million. After tax and outside equity
               interests, the net cost of this provision to IAG is $141 million. This item has been excluded from cash earnings for dividend
               calculation purposes.

               OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
               OPERATING RESULT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR
               The reported insurance margin of 10.1% was lower than the prior year (2019: 16.9%). This reflected the combined impact of an
               unfavourable net natural peril claims cost outcome for the year, a net prior period reserve strengthening, a negative credit spread
               effect and a modest reduction in the Group's underlying insurance margin.

               IAG’s underlying insurance margin was 16.0% compared to 16.6% in the prior year. While IAG’s underlying operating performance
               in the first half of the year was strong and broadly in line with expectations, the second half outcome was impacted by increased
               reinsurance costs as a result of the higher than anticipated natural peril losses, lower investment returns and deterioration in the
               performance of some Australian long-tail portfolios.




                                                                                                                                                   7
               Overall GWP growth of 1.1% compared to the prior year was in line with IAG’s guidance of ‘low single digit’ growth. GWP growth in
               the second half of the year was 0.8% and was reduced by an estimated adverse COVID-19 impact of approximately $80 million,
               constraining second half growth by over 100 bps.

               COVID-19 impacts
               The COVID-19 pandemic has had a range of effects on IAG’s business and financial performance in the current year. As referenced
               above, GWP is estimated to have been reduced by approximately $80 million, primarily from lower new business opportunities in
               the months of March to May. New business volumes have shown a recovery since the end of May and are now tracking close to
               pre-COVID levels in both Australia and New Zealand. However, there is increased uncertainty surrounding potential impacts
               associated with the recent declaration of a State of Disaster in Victoria with effect from 2 August 2020. Business retention has
               held at high levels in all core portfolios. Given that premium is earned over time, the COVID-19-influenced reduction in GWP has




For personal use only
               had only a minor impact on IAG’s insurance profit or net profit in the current year.

               In the second half of the year, IAG’s underwriting profit has borne three largely offsetting COVID-19 effects (on a post-quota share
               basis):
                   an estimated net benefit of approximately $150 million from reduced claim costs, comprising:
                      a significant benefit from lower motor claims frequency, particularly in the months of April and May. Towards the end of
                        the current financial year a rebound in frequency was experienced as lockdown requirements generally eased, however
                        there was a high degree of variability by state in Australia; and
                      a partial offset from claims incurred in other COVID-19 affected business classes such as landlords’ insurance and travel
                        insurance;
                   a provision of approximately $100 million for potential COVID-19 claim cost impacts that are highly uncertain, sit within a wide
                    range and have been estimated on a probability-weighted basis. This accords with accounting requirements and spans
                    potential business interruption, landlords’ and other insurance class impacts, including the estimated impact an economic
                    downturn will have on the settlement of long-tail claims; and
                   increased costs of approximately $50 million flowing from COVID-19-related measures or responses, covering:
                      additional operating expenses of approximately $30 million, mainly from moving employees to a ‘working from home’
                        basis; and
                      the decision, accelerated by the impact COVID-19 has had on customer behaviours, to close the AMI branch network in
                        New Zealand, at a cost in excess of $20 million.

               The provision for potential COVID-19 claim cost impacts, which has been estimated on a probability-weighted basis, includes an
               allowance for possible business interruption claim exposure in Australia. For further information refer to Note 1.2.

               Separately, the COVID-19 pandemic triggered extreme investment market volatility from late February onwards. This contributed to
               an adverse mark-to-market credit spread effect in IAG’s second half insurance profit of over $50 million and has driven a second
               half loss of over $230 million from shareholders’ funds income, predominantly from equity and alternative asset classes.

               Asia
               In October 2019, IAG announced an agreed sale of its interest in SBI General Insurance Company Limited (SBI General) in India.
               This transaction was completed in March 2020 and resulted in a gain on sale of $326 million being reflected in profit after tax for
               the current year. IAG continues to explore options for its remaining Asian general insurance interests.

               Provision for customer refunds
               In the first half of the year IAG included a post-tax provision of $82 million for customer refunds, interest attributable to those
               refunds and the cost of administering the associated remediation program. This related to a specific multi-year pricing issue
               identified by IAG where discounts were not always applied in full to premiums for all customers who may have been eligible. This
               has been increased to $141 million post-tax for the full year, to update the initial provision, include further refund programs in
               respect of similar pricing issues and provide for additional related administration costs. The issues concerned were identified as
               part of a proactive review of pricing systems and processes, which is ongoing.

               Net profit after tax
               The Group's profit after tax for the year was $494 million (2019: $1,173 million). After adjusting for non-controlling interests in the
               Group result, net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Company was $435 million (2019: $1,076 million) and was 60.0%
               lower than the prior year. This outcome included:
                  an approximately 40% reduction in pre-tax insurance profit to $741 million, primarily owing to a collective adverse movement
                   in prior period reserving, natural peril and credit spread impacts of nearly $500 million;
                  an adverse $400 million pre-tax movement in investment income on shareholders’ funds, flowing from the volatile investment
                   market conditions experienced in the second half of the year; and
                  inclusion of the post-tax provision of $141 million for customer refunds; partially offset by
                  a $326 million profit after tax on the sale of the interest in SBI General in India, compared to a $208 million profit on the sale
                   of the Thailand operations recognised in the prior year.




               8 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               Gross written premium
               Total GWP of $12,135 million (2019: $12,005 million) represented a 1.1% increase compared to the prior year. This encompassed:
                   $9,367 million in Australia, representing growth of 0.4% with some improvement evident in the second half of the year,
                    notwithstanding estimated modestly negative COVID-19 influences of approximately $60 million; and
                   $2,754 million in New Zealand, translating to reported growth of 3.5% led by commercial line volumes and commercial
                    property and liability rates. COVID-19 is estimated to have had an adverse effect in the second half of the year of
                    approximately $20 million.
               Overall GWP growth in the second half of the year was 0.8%, compared to 1.4% in the first half. Allowing for estimated adverse
               effects from COVID-19, as reflected in lower new business volumes, GWP growth in the second half would have exceeded 2%.




For personal use only
               In the current year, GWP growth also absorbed the adverse impact of business exits concluded in the last financial year, principally
               in the area of commercial underwriting agencies in Australia, and lower Compulsory Third Party (CTP) rates stemming from scheme
               change.
               Insurance margin
               IAG’s current year reported insurance profit of $741 million (2019: $1,224 million) was 39.5% lower than the prior year. The
               reported insurance margin decreased to 10.1% (2019: 16.9%). Contributing to this outcome were:
                   an unfavourable net natural peril experience which saw related net claims costs increase by $277 million relative to the prior
                    year;
                   a net prior period reserve strengthening of $48 million, compared to net releases of $126 million in the prior year;
                   a negative credit spread impact of $46 million in the current year, compared to a minor negative effect of $6 million in the
                    prior year; and
                   a modest decline in the Group's underlying margin, as described below.
               Underlying margin
               IAG defines its underlying margin as the reported insurance margin adjusted for:
                   net natural peril claim costs less related allowance for the period;
                   reserve releases in excess of 1% of net earned premium (NEP); and
                   credit spread movements.
               From the 2021 financial year, IAG is including zero allowance for reserve releases in its underlying margin definition based on its
               view of future reserve movements.

                                                                                                                                              2020                                     2019
               INSURANCE MARGIN                                                                                              $m                   %                 $m                    %
               Management reported insurance margin*                                                                        741                10.1              1,224                  16.9
               Net natural peril claim costs in excess of allowance                                                         263                 3.6                  19                  0.3
               Reserve releases below/(in excess of) 1% of NEP                                                              122                 1.7                 (54)                (0.7)
               Credit spread movements                                                                                       46                 0.6                   6                  0.1
               Underlying insurance margin                                                                                1,172                16.0              1,195                  16.6
               *        Management reported insurance margin is the insurance profit as a percentage of NEP as disclosed in the Investor Report. Based on the statutory results, the
                        equivalent statutory insurance margin for the current year is 6.8%.

               Similar to the management reported results, the underlying insurance margin is a non-IFRS measure that is designed to present, in
               the opinion of management, the results from ongoing operating activities in a way that best and most appropriately reflects the
               Group’s underlying performance.
               IAG’s underlying insurance margin was 16.0% (2019: 16.6%), including a softer second half outcome of 15.1%. The full year
               underlying margin movement included:
                   approximately $50 million of additional regulatory and compliance costs, including increased investment in risk-related
                    resources;
                   a greater than 100 bps effect from lower interest rates impacting investment income;
                   a broadly neutral effect from COVID-19 influences in the second half of the year; partially offset by
                   further net benefits from the group-wide optimisation program which met the targeted run rate reduction of $250 million per
                    annum in the first half of the year.
               Key drivers of the lower underlying margin in the second half of the year in comparison to the first half of the year were:
                  higher reinsurance costs flowing from increased cover and rates on the calendar 2020 catastrophe renewal, as well as the
                   cost of replacement covers purchased following the peril activity early in calendar 2020;
                  lower investment returns from lower interest rates; and
                  a deterioration in the performance of some Australian commercial long-tail portfolios.
               Tax expense
               IAG reported a tax expense of $37 million (2019: $363 million), representing an effective tax rate of 6.9% (2019: 27.3%).
               The low headline rate reflects the profit on sale of SBI General representing over half of pre-tax earnings and not being subject to
               tax in Australia. Adjusting solely for this item produces an effective tax rate closer to 23.9%.
               Other contributory elements reconciling the effective tax rate to the prevailing Australian corporate rate of 30% are:
                  differences in tax rates applicable to IAG’s foreign operations, principally in New Zealand, Singapore and Malaysia; and
                  franking credits generated from IAG’s investment portfolio.
                                                                                                                                                                                            9
               Investment income on shareholders’ funds
               Net investment income on shareholders’ funds was a loss of $181 million (2019: $227 million profit), reflecting the extreme
               market volatility accompanying the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. The adverse performance was the result of:
                   the impact of volatile equity markets on portfolios in the second half of the year;
                   negative mark-to-market impacts in alternative asset classes, comprising higher yielding credit strategies, global convertible
                    bonds and hedge funds; and
                   an $11 million write-down of IAG’s 16.9% interest in Bohai in China.
               DIVISIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
               A. AUSTRALIA
               Australia accounted for 77% of Group GWP and recorded a lower reported insurance margin of 7.3% (2019: 14.9%) following




For personal use only
               substantive adverse peril and prior period release movements. Australia’s underlying performance of 14.9% was slightly lower than
               the prior year (2019: 15.5%).
               I. Premiums
               Australia reported GWP of $9,367 million (2019: $9,331 million) in the current year, an increase of 0.4%. After a flat performance
               in the first half of the year, GWP growth in the second half of the year was 0.7%, reflecting diminished adverse effect from lower
               CTP premiums, reduced commercial volume loss and a small negative from COVID-19 effects. COVID-19 is estimated to have
               reduced GWP in the second half of the year by approximately $60 million, primarily through reduced new business volumes,
               especially in the period March to May 2020.
               The overall Australian GWP outcome includes:
                  largely rate-driven growth of 2% in short tail motor, with some offset from volume;
                  home growth of over 5%, which was primarily rate-derived, with some volume growth in Victoria; and
                  relatively flat like-for-like commercial lines GWP, after allowance for business exits in the prior financial year, with average rate
                   increases of approximately 5.5% countered by lower volumes; partially offset by
                  a 7.5% contraction in CTP, predominantly from scheme change-driven cumulative rate reductions.
               II. Insurance profit
               Australia reported an insurance profit of $420 million, compared to $842 million in the prior year. This equates to a lower reported
               insurance margin of 7.3% (2019: 14.9%). The reduction reflects the net effect of:
                    a severe shift in prior period reserving, from a favourable impact that equated to 2.0% of NEP in the prior year to a net
                     strengthening equivalent to 1.1% of NEP in the current year;
                    a greater than $200 million increase in net natural peril claims cost, compared to the prior year, with an associated reduction
                     in margin of 360bps;
                    an adverse movement in credit spread impacts of $40 million; and
                    a modest net negative effect from other COVID-19 influences, embracing a moderately positive overall claims impact and
                     higher operating expenses.
               III. Underlying margin
               Australia’s underlying margin of 14.9% was slightly lower than the prior year (2019: 15.5%). This included a weaker second half
               outcome of 13.9%, which was over 200bps lower than the first half owing to the combination of:
                    a small net negative on underwriting profit from COVID-19 effects;
                    adverse performance in packaged portfolios mainly due to a small number of larger losses; and
                    lower interest rates driving reduced investment income and not fully compensated for in pricing actions.
               IV. Fee-based business
               Fee-based income in Australia comprises contributions from three main sources:
                   IAG’s role as an agent under the Victorian workers’ compensation scheme, which is underwritten by the state government;
                   investment in new businesses focusing on advanced technologies, data asset capabilities, innovation and mobility initiatives;
                    and
                   the car servicing aspect of the MotorServe acquisition, which was purchased during the second half of the year.
               Total net income from fee-based operations in the current year was a loss of $11 million, compared to a loss of $1 million in the
               prior year, including a second half loss of $17 million. This included:
                   net costs associated with new business initiatives of approximately $19 million, including those arising from the Safer
                    Journeys crash detection and response service;
                   an initial loss of approximately $3 million from MotorServe’s car servicing activities; and
                   a positive contribution of $11 million (2019: $13 million) from the Victorian workers’ compensation business. An improved
                    underlying performance was achieved after allowing for $5 million of prior period fee income (2019: $10 million), which is
                    typically reported in the opening half of the financial year. The decrease in prior period income was as expected as IAG moves
                    further into its five-year contract and opportunities to generate returns from tail incentive fees and scheme actuarial releases
                    diminish.
               B. NEW ZEALAND
               New Zealand accounted for 23% of Group GWP and recorded a lower reported insurance margin of 20.2% (2019: 24.7%) following
               significantly higher net natural perils claim costs and higher large claims experience. New Zealand’s underlying insurance margin
               of 18.6% was also lower than the prior year (2019: 19.5%).




               10 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               I. Premiums
               New Zealand’s current year GWP grew by 3.5% to $2,754 million, compared to prior year GWP of $2,660 million. This increase
               included a favourable foreign exchange translation effect, with local currency GWP increasing by 2.4%, to NZ$2,904 million (2019:
               NZ$2,836 million). This result was driven by the combination of:
                   strong GWP growth from Business, driven by volume increases across all key commercial line portfolios and higher rates in
                    commercial property and liability; and
                   Consumer GWP holding to prior year levels, with growth experienced in the commercial motor and AMI private motor portfolios
                    through increased rates and volume.

               II. Insurance profit
               The New Zealand business reported an insurance profit of $330 million, compared to $390 million in the prior year. This equates




For personal use only
               to a reported insurance margin of 20.2% (2019: 24.7%). The reduction reflects the net effect of:
                    significantly higher net natural peril claim costs, centred on the Canterbury hailstorm;
                    higher large claims experience; and
                    lower investment income on technical reserves, reflecting reduced interest rates; partially offset by
                    increased net earned premium, driven by solid GWP growth in the Business division; and
                    a modest net benefit from COVID-19 effects, with lower motor frequency benefits countered by increased operating costs,
                     including those related to the AMI branch network closure.

               Prior period reserve releases of $18 million were slightly higher than those recognised in the prior year (2019: $14 million). The
               bulk of the releases occurred in the first half of the year and were predominantly sourced from professional indemnity exposures to
               residual post-Canterbury earthquake risks.

               III. Earthquake settlements
               Good progress continues to be made with the settlement of claims associated with the legacy Canterbury earthquake events. At 30
               June 2020 over NZ$7.2 billion of claim settlements had been completed, with less than 900 claims remaining open out of the more
               than 90,000 received.

               During the second half of the year, IAG increased its gross reserved position on the three major earthquakes in financial year 2011
               by NZ$100 million, with all of this covered by reinsurance. Considerable legacy reinsurance protection remains for the September
               2010 and June 2011 events, and approximately NZ$480 million of adverse development cover is still available in relation to the
               February 2011 event.

               Outstanding Canterbury earthquake claims include those subject to dispute and litigation, as well as recently-received over-cap
               claims from the Earthquake Commission (EQC). It remains IAG's expectation that finalisation of all residual claims will take several
               years given associated complexity.

               C. CORPORATE AND OTHER
               A pre-tax profit of $43 million was reported in this segment, which compares to a profit of $99 million in the prior year. The
               movement primarily reflects the reduction in net investment income on shareholders’ funds of $408 million partially offset by an
               increase of $333 million in other net operating result. The favourable movement in the other net operating result predominantly
               reflects the gain on sale of IAG’s interest in SBI General in India of $309 million (excluding the favourable taxation effects, included
               in tax expense).

               I. Share of net profit/(loss) of associates
               The Group's share of associates was a profit of $57 million (2019: $42 million). This result includes AmGeneral Holdings Berhad
               (AmGeneral) in Malaysia and SBI General profit for the nine-month period up until the sale in March 2020. As IAG has significantly
               wound back its activities in the Asia region, related support and development costs have materially reduced.

               REVIEW OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
               A. FINANCIAL POSITION
               The total assets of the Group as at 30 June 2020 were $29,694 million compared to $29,286 million as at 30 June 2019.
               Movements within the overall net increase of $408 million include:
                   a decrease in investments of $584 million associated with the payments of the 2019 final dividend and 2020 interim dividend
                    totalling $693 million and redemption of the reset exchangeable securities (RES) of $550 million. This has been partially offset
                    by the proceeds from the sale of IAG’s interest in SBI General and operating earnings for the year;
                   a decrease in investment in joint ventures and associates of $193 million, reflecting the derecognition of the investment in SBI
                    General following IAG’s sale of its holding in the entity; offset by
                   a $531 million increase in right-of-use assets primarily associated with the initial application of the new lease accounting
                    standard (AASB 16 Leases);
                   a $290 million increase in reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims primarily associated with the increase in
                    natural peril costs during the financial year and increase in recoveries on long-tail classes due to the downward movement in
                    the yield curve;
                   a $249 million increase in trade and other receivables, predominantly relating to an increase in reinsurance recoveries on paid
                    claims in respect of natural peril events during the year; and
                   a $122 million increase in deferred tax assets attributable to the increase in provisions and potential COVID-19 claim liabilities
                    recognised during the year.




                                                                                                                                                   11
               The total liabilities of the Group as at 30 June 2020 were $23,340 million compared to $22,576 million as at 30 June 2019.
               Movements within the overall net increase of $764 million include:
                   a $655 million increase in lease liabilities associated with the initial application of the new lease accounting standard (AASB
                    16 Leases);
                   a $288 million increase in the outstanding claims liability representing the impact of higher reserves for natural perils, COVID-
                    19 allowances, strengthening across Australian long-tail reserves and yield curve impacts;
                   a $250 million increase in provisions predominantly reflecting amounts provided for customer refunds; offset by
                   a $554 million reduction in interest-bearing liabilities following the redemption of the RES during the year.

               IAG shareholders’ equity (excluding non-controlling interests) decreased from $6,404 million as at 30 June 2019 to $6,077 million




For personal use only
               as at 30 June 2020, reflecting the combined impact of:
                   current year net profit attributable to shareholders of $435 million;
                   payments totalling $693 million in respect of the 2019 final dividend and 2020 interim dividend; and
                   $33 million reduction in opening retained earnings on initial application of AASB 16 Leases.

               B. CASH FROM OPERATIONS
               The net cash inflows from operating activities for the year ended 30 June 2020 were $381 million compared to net cash inflows of
               $589 million for the prior year. The movement is mainly attributable to the net effect of:
                  an increase in claim costs paid of $736 million offset by an increase in reinsurance and other recoveries received of $728
                   million largely attributable to the increase in natural peril events compared with the prior year;
                  a $151 million increase in outwards reinsurance premiums paid reflecting the timing of the instalments paid on the
                   catastrophe cover compared with the prior year and the additional premiums paid for reinstatement and the buy-down cover
                   on the Group catastrophe programme; and
                  an increase in other operating payments of $217 million, predominantly driven by the timing of settlement to creditors.

               C. INVESTMENTS
               The Group’s investments totalled $10,100 million as at 30 June 2020, excluding investments held in joint ventures and associates,
               with 57% represented by the technical reserves portfolio. The decrease in total investments since 30 June 2019 ($10,684 million)
               reflects the combined effect of:
                   $693 million of dividends paid including the prior year’s final dividend and the current year’s interim dividend;
                   redemption of the $550 million RES in December 2019;
                   the impact of falling equity markets in the second half of the year, both domestically and overseas, and negative mark-to-
                    market impacts in alternative asset classes; partially offset by
                   net proceeds received following completion of the sale of IAG’s operations in India ($579 million) and Indonesia ($14 million);
                    and
                   operating earnings during the period.

               IAG’s overall investment allocation is defensively positioned, with over 89% of total investments in fixed interest and cash as at 30
               June 2020. Technical reserves, which back insurance liabilities, are wholly invested in fixed interest and cash. A more diversified
               approach is taken to shareholders’ funds, comprising a mix of fixed interest and cash and growth assets (equities and alternatives).
               IAG’s allocation to growth assets was 25% of shareholders’ funds at 30 June 2020, compared to 42% of shareholders’ funds at 30
               June 2019. The reduction in the allocation to growth assets reflects the combined impact of:
                   the net fall in domestic and offshore equity markets;
                   mark-to-market impacts in alternative asset classes;
                   some active reallocation of funds to fixed interest and cash; and
                   the investment of nearly $600 million of net proceeds from the sale of SBI General into conservative asset classes.

               D. INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES
               IAG’s interest bearing liabilities stood at $1,526 million at 30 June 2020, compared to $2,080 million at 30 June 2019. The net
               movement in the period largely reflects IAG’s redemption of the $550 million RES in December 2019.

               E. CAPITAL MIX
               IAG measures its capital mix on a net tangible equity basis, i.e. after deduction of goodwill and intangibles, giving it strong
               alignment with regulatory and rating agency models. IAG targets the following ranges:
                   ordinary equity (net of goodwill and intangibles) 60-70%; and
                   debt and hybrids 30-40%.

               At 30 June 2020, debt and hybrids represented 32.2% (2019: 36.5%) of total tangible capitalisation, towards the lower end of IAG’s
               targeted debt range. The decrease since the prior year largely reflects the impact of the RES redemption.

               Subject to market conditions, IAG may seek to issue a new Tier 2 subordinated instrument next year to provide additional liquidity.




               12 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               F. CAPITAL POSITION
               Under the Australian Prudential Regulatory Authority’s (APRA) Prudential Standards, IAG's Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital was
               $2,567 million (2019: $3,082 million) and regulatory capital of $4,098 million (2019: $4,981 million) at 30 June 2020. IAG has
               set the following related targeted benchmarks:
                   a CET1 target range of 0.9 to 1.1 times the Prescribed Capital Amount (PCA), compared to a regulatory requirement of a
                    minimum of 0.6 times; and
                   a total capital position equivalent to 1.6 to 1.8 times the PCA, compared to a regulatory requirement of a minimum of 1.0
                    times.

               At 30 June 2020, IAG had a CET1 multiple of 1.23 (2019: 1.31) and a PCA multiple of 1.97 (2019: 2.12).




For personal use only
               IAG has increased its targeted PCA multiple range from 1.4 to 1.6 times to 1.6 to 1.8 times. This reflects reduced reliance on inter-
               company loans from Australian insurance subsidiaries to IAG’s non-operating holding company, as required by APRA following the
               licence consolidation completed in 2017.

               Further capital management details are set out in Note 3.1 within the financial statements.

               STRATEGY AND RISK MANAGEMENT
               A. STRATEGY
               MAKING CUSTOMERS FEEL SAFER ON THE ROAD, IN THEIR HOMES AND AT WORK
               IAG’s purpose means that whether you are a customer, partner, employee, shareholder or part of the communities IAG serves, IAG
               exists to ‘make your world a safer place’. IAG believes its purpose will enable it to meet the changing needs of its customers,
               become a more sustainable business over the long term and deliver stronger and more consistent returns for its shareholders.

               Over the last four years, IAG has focused on three key areas:
                  Gaining a deeper and better understanding of its customers;
                  Delivering a simpler more streamlined operating platform; and
                  Developing an agile, adaptable workforce.

               With simplification continuing, IAG has increased its focus on customer engagement and longer-term growth. This includes:
                  Delivering better insurance experiences to customers through enhanced capabilities in data, digital, analytics and artificial
                   intelligence, brand and innovation;
                  Extending its strategic partnerships to offer products and services that are adjacent to its insurance business, enabling IAG to
                   make its customers and the community feel safer on the road, in their homes and at work; and
                  Leveraging its assets – including data, customer reach and brands – to launch new businesses that complement these
                   adjacent products and services.

               IAG’s objective is to grow the number of customers in its network of brands.

               The progress IAG has made in the delivery of its strategy has positioned it to be well placed to respond to the disrupted and
               uncertain operating environment that will be shaped by the COVID-19 pandemic, with strong momentum occurring across the
               initiatives that underpin its three key strategic priorities:

               I. Customer – World-leading customer experiences
                   Create a delivery platform that transforms customer experiences;
                   Better connect customers and automate processes, enabling IAG to reach more customers in a timely manner;
                   Develop an innovation approach which provides the ability to think differently and deliver quickly;
                   Embed cognitive capabilities and artificial intelligence that anticipate customers’ needs; and
                   Use data to power decision-making, allowing IAG to better understand its customers.

               II. Simplification – Simplified, modular and lower cost operating model
                    Reduce organisational complexity by consolidating technology platforms, harmonising products, simplifying processes and
                     systems, and executing the technology strategy;
                    Leverage operational partners to optimise the operating model and drive scale economies across the value chain; and
                    Improve allocation and maximise utilisation of the preferred repairer network to reduce average claim size.

               III. Agility – An agile organisation distinguished by innovation, speed and execution skills
                    Create a disciplined approach to IAG’s management and leadership, including building stronger role clarity and introducing
                     agile ways of working;
                    Build a talent pipeline based on the skills required to deliver IAG's strategy and help IAG people transition to the future of work;
                     and
                    Be recognised as a purpose-led organisation that shapes its internal and external environment.




                                                                                                                                                     13
               B. BUSINESS RISK AND RISK MANAGEMENT
               IAG acknowledges that it has to take risk in an informed manner in pursuit of its strategic objectives and to meet customer,
               stakeholder, industry and regulatory expectations. IAG articulates the levels, boundaries and nature of risk it is willing to accept,
               actively manage or avoid in pursuit of the Group’s strategic objectives.

               IAG uses an enterprise-wide approach to risk management and its Risk Management Framework (RMF) is a core part of the
               governance structure, which includes internal policies, key management processes and culture. The Group Risk Management
               Strategy (RMS) articulates the strategy to manage risks at IAG and describes the key elements of the RMF to implement this
               strategy. The RMS is reviewed annually, or more frequently as required, by the Risk Committee before being recommended for
               approval by the Board. IAG’s Group Risk function provides regular reports to the Risk Committee on the operation of, and any
               changes to, IAG’s Risk Management Framework, the status of material risks, risk and compliance incidents, risk trends and IAG's




For personal use only
               risk profile. IAG’s Group Internal Audit function provides reports to the Audit Committee on significant audit findings and other
               audit related matters.

               Roles and responsibilities of the Board and its standing committees, the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, the People and
               Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee, are set out in the Corporate Governance section of the IAG website.

               IAG is exposed to multiple risks relating to its businesses and pursuit of its strategic objectives. The risks noted below are not
               exhaustive, but outline the material risks faced by the Group as identified in the RMS:
                   strategic risk – the risk that internal or external factors compromise our ability to execute our strategic objectives or our
                    strategy;
                   customer risk – the risk of failing to meet customer expectations leading to lower customer satisfaction, retention rates or new
                    business opportunities;
                   insurance risk – includes the risk of loss as a result of:
                     inadequate or inappropriate underwriting or product pricing;
                     unforeseen, unknown or unintended liabilities that may eventuate;
                     inadequate or inappropriate claims management including reserving; and
                     insurance concentration risk (i.e. by locality, segment factor, or distribution);
                   reinsurance risk – includes the risk of:
                     lack of capacity in the reinsurance market;
                     insufficient or inappropriate reinsurance coverage;
                     inadequate underwriting and/or pricing of reinsurance exposures retained by IAG’s reinsurance captives;
                     inadequate or inappropriate reinsurance recovery management;
                     reinsurance arrangements not legally binding; and
                     reinsurance concentration;
                   market risk – the risk of adverse movements in market prices (equities, derivatives, interest rates, foreign exchange, etc) or
                    inappropriate concentration within the investment funds;
                   credit risk – the risk arising from a counterparty’s failure to meet its obligations in accordance with the agreed terms. This
                    includes investment and derivative counterparties, reinsurers and premium debtors;
                   liquidity risk – arises where liabilities cannot be met as they fall due as a result of insufficient funds and/or illiquid asset
                    portfolios;
                   capital risk – the risk that capital is insufficient or not of the best form (the mix of debt, equity and reinsurance is
                    inappropriate) given the nature, strategies and objectives of the Group;
                   operational risk – the risk of loss resulting from the actions or behaviours of people, inadequate or failed processes or
                    systems, or from external events;
                   regulatory and compliance risk – the risk of legal, regulatory or reputational impacts arising from failure to manage compliance
                    obligations, or failure to anticipate and prepare for changes in the regulatory environment; and
                   culture and conduct risk – the risk that employee behaviours are contrary to our Purpose, our Spirit or our Code of Ethics and
                    Conduct or do not otherwise meet reasonable community expectations.

               IAG actively considers the importance of risk management and believes this approach provides the greatest long-term likelihood of
               being able to meet the objectives of all stakeholders.

               Detail of IAG's overall risk management framework, which is outlined in the RMS, is set out in Note 3.1 within the financial
               statements and in the Corporate Governance Statement, which is available at www.iag.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.

               C. ECONOMIC, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL SUSTAINABILITY RISK
               Aligned to stakeholder expectations, this report provides a comprehensive overview of IAG's focus on economic, environmental and
               social sustainability risks that are identified and managed as part of its enterprise-wide risk management framework. Through risk
               profiling and ongoing trend analysis, information on these risks is collected and reported to the Group Leadership Team (GLT) and
               Board and used to update IAG's strategy at appropriate intervals. This is supported by IAG's annual materiality process and
               engagement with IAG's Safer Communities Steering Committee to identify and develop mitigation approaches to these risks.

               IAG’s exposure to economic, environmental and social sustainability risks and opportunities is managed by relevant parts of the
               business and supported by IAG's Safer Communities team, a team of shared value and sustainability subject matter experts.
               Sustainability performance is formally reported to the Board annually, with ad hoc updates as required.




               14 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               The Consumer Advisory Board and Ethics Committee include external stakeholders, such as consumer groups, and provide an
               important external input into the understanding and management of economic, environmental and social sustainability risk. The
               Safer Communities Steering Committee is an internal governance body that supports the Group Executive, People, Performance
               and Reputation to shape IAG's response to risks through its approach to shared value, sustainability and broader community
               activity. The Safer Communities Steering Committee fulfils the role of a sustainability committee for IAG. It meets at least
               quarterly, is chaired by the Group Executive, People, Performance and Reputation, and comprises senior leaders from across the
               business, including the Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer.

               Each year a materiality assessment is undertaken to help guide IAG's shared value and sustainability approach and ensure its
               reporting addresses risks and opportunities with the greatest importance to IAG's stakeholders and business. An extensive
               assessment and stakeholder engagement process supports IAG in the finalisation of the material issues, which are signed off by




For personal use only
               the Group Executive, People, Performance and Reputation and included in the IAG Annual Review and Safer Communities Report.

               IAG has a safer communities business plan that guides decision-making and ensures value is being created for both the community
               and IAG. This IAG-wide business plan defines focus areas and outcomes that support IAG's commitment to help communities and
               people to be more resilient and increasingly feel they are ready for anything. IAG's sustainability performance is managed within
               this business plan and supported by a number of policies and position statements including IAG’s Public Policy Position on Climate
               Change, Customer Equity Framework and the Social and Environmental Policy.

               IAG is a signatory to several voluntary principles-based frameworks which guide the integration of environmental, social and
               governance (ESG) considerations into its business practices. These include the United Nations Environmental Program Finance
               Initiative’s Principles for Sustainable Insurance and the Principles for Responsible Investment. IAG is a signatory to the Geneva
               Association's Climate Risk Statement and a founding member of the Australian Sustainable Finance Initiative, which is a cross-
               industry collaboration established to enable the financial services sector to contribute more systematically to the transition to a
               more resilient and sustainable economy, consistent with global goals such as the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals,
               the Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction and the Paris Agreement on climate change.

               Climate change has been identified as a key enterprise risk and work has been done on implementation and monitoring of
               business controls and their effectiveness overseen by the Climate Risks and Opportunities Steering Committee (see Climate Risk
               section for more details).

               Respect for human rights underpins IAG’s purpose and its conduct as an ethical and responsible business. IAG's approach is
               informed by international human rights standards, including the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, the
               International Bill of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and
               Rights at Work.

               IAG is addressing Human Rights and Modern Slavery legislative requirements across its business, including in its procurement,
               asset management and human resources business units. IAG’s Procurement Policy and Supplier Code of Conduct, which was
               launched this year, addresses Human Rights and Modern Slavery, and supports practical management of these important issues
               across IAG’s business. IAG’s first Modern Slavery Statement will be published during the 2021 financial year, in line with relevant
               regulatory frameworks, and will show progress toward compliance with these recent legislative requirements.

               Details of IAG’s material issues, how IAG manages related risks and opportunities and details of other shared value and
               sustainability activities can be found in the 2020 Annual Review and Safer Communities Report, which is available at
               www.iag.com.au/safer-communities/esg-commitments-and-performance. IAG’s management of economic, environmental and
               social sustainability risk is outlined in detail in Principle 7.4 of the Corporate Governance Statement, which is available at
               www.iag.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.

               D. CLIMATE RISK
               This climate-related disclosure is aligned with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations
               and addresses how IAG is managing climate risks and opportunities through governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics
               and targets.

               It demonstrates:
                   the work IAG has done to understand which climate risks could have a material impact on its business through both the
                    physical and transitional risk pathways;
                   the need for strong governance;
                   risk management and strategic integration of climate considerations into its core operations; and
                   the partnerships, activities and programs it is involved in to mitigate climate risks and innovate opportunities.

               IAG’s purpose is to make your world a safer place. To deliver this purpose, IAG works to mitigate risks the communities, businesses
               and individuals it insures are exposed to. IAG acknowledges its unique ability to help communities prepare for and manage climate
               impacts, while realising the business opportunities of a safer world. Consistent with the latest climate science, IAG’s research,
               climate scenarios, claims and industry data indicate that climate change will increase the social and financial impacts to
               communities in Australia and New Zealand and is a key risk to its insurance business.




                                                                                                                                                15
               According to the Australian Bureau of Meteorology, the 2019 calendar year was the hottest and driest on record for Australia, which
               included one of the worst bushfire seasons on record, followed by severe hail and flood events. This extreme weather has
               contributed to a significant increase in the current financial year's net claim costs from natural perils, compared to the prior
               financial year. Such impacts emphasise a greater urgency for businesses, governments and communities to understand and
               mitigate the short, medium and long-term causes and impacts of climate change. For IAG, this requires continued integration of
               the management of climate-related risks and opportunities into strategic planning to ensure it can remain a sustainable business.

               IAG has made important contributions to climate change discussions and supported action for almost two decades. In November
               2019, IAG released a joint scientific report with the United States National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR), “Severe
               Weather in a Changing Climate”, that condensed the latest global scientific knowledge on how weather events will change under
               future climate scenarios. This was a landmark report, with IAG sharing detailed information on physical risks, with intent to create




For personal use only
               a shared central source of information for the broader insurance industry and scientific community to build on.

               Governance
               IAG’s Board Charter includes oversight of safer communities, sustainability and climate change, which now includes the activities
               outlined below:
                   approve the IAG Social and Environmental Framework;
                   receive six-monthly reporting on safer communities and sustainability; and
                   consider and approve the external reporting on safer communities and sustainability strategies and initiatives (including
                    climate change), within the Annual Report and the Annual Review.

               In accordance with the IAG Board Charter, the Board delegates overall management and profit performance of the Group to the
               Chief Executive Officer. The Group Executive, People, Performance and Reputation has accountability for IAG’s Safer Communities
               function, including oversight of the Safer Communities Plan, climate change activities and the Climate Action Plan. Accountabilities
               for key objectives and programs outlined in the Climate Action Plan are owned by relevant GLT members. Progress against IAG’s
               Climate Action Plan is reported to the GLT every six months, and the accountabilities held by relevant members of the Executive
               team are listed under the specific Climate Action Plan objectives.

               Further details on IAG’s climate change governance are provided in the Climate-related disclosure 2020 which can be found in the
               Safer communities section of IAG's website (www.iag.com.au).

               Strategy
               Integration of climate change within IAG’s corporate strategy
               IAG recognises climate change is a key consideration to ensure the sustainable growth of its business. In setting its strategy, IAG
               identified climate change as a key trend that directly influences the stability and growth of its businesses. Climate change
               continues to be a trend that the organisation monitors and discusses at GLT and Board sessions.

               IAG has developed a strong understanding of climate change trends via research on natural perils and climate modelling as well as
               through collaboration with other organisations. This knowledge informs understanding and management of the increasing risk of
               extreme weather events on the business in the short, medium and long term.

               IAG’s plan to manage climate risks and opportunities
               IAG is committed to 'make your world a safer place' and its approach to creating safer communities is informed by the United
               Nations Sustainable Development Goals, the 2015 Paris Climate Agreement, Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction, issues
               material to IAG’s business and IAG’s unique resources, capabilities and assets.

               IAG’s Safer Communities Plan includes a focus on disaster risk reduction and climate change – enabling communities in Australia
               and New Zealand to better prepare for, and respond to, natural perils and climate change. Key objectives to address disaster risk
               reduction and climate change are included and disclosed in its Climate Action Plan and Scorecard, which can be found in the Safer
               communities section of IAG's website (www.iag.com.au).

               The five areas of focus in its Climate Action Plan are:
                   think big – to ensure IAG leads on climate change issues and builds relationships to achieve its ambitions;
                   prepare our people – to apply the depth of experience from the business, and build the capacity of IAG’s people to enable
                    embedding of climate change considerations into its culture;
                   reduce our emissions – to lead by example and commit to science-based emissions reduction for IAG’s own operations;
                   invest responsibly – to ensure IAG's investment activities are aligned to our purpose; and
                   rethink risk – ensuring climate change considerations are integrated into the core of IAG’s insurance business to allow
                    innovation of products, systems and partnerships to enable customers, business and communities to adapt to a low-carbon
                    future and changing climate.

               Leadership and collaboration for disaster risk reduction and climate change
               Mitigating the impacts of climate change to IAG’s business, customers and communities requires a collaborative, multi-stakeholder
               approach. To address this, IAG demonstrates leadership in disaster risk reduction and climate change and works with, and
               influences other companies, organisations and governments to address climate-related issues. This includes contributing valuable
               knowledge, insights and capability towards understanding how climate risks and opportunities impact the sustainability of financial
               systems.




               16 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               Alongside other global insurers, IAG is currently contributing to the United Nations Environmental Program Finance Initiative’s
               Principles for Sustainable Insurance TCFD pilot to enable industry benchmarking and standardisation of disclosure, which will
               inform IAG’s ongoing approach to strategic integration of climate risks into its core business, risk assessments, scenario analysis
               and climate modelling.

               IAG also contributes knowledge, insights and capability towards developing sector-wide approaches to the availability and
               affordability of insurance products and addressing sustainability issues which are affecting financial systems. IAG plays an active
               role as Co-Chair of the Australian Sustainable Finance Initiative (ASFI), which is working to set a roadmap for realigning the finance
               sector to support enhanced social, environmental and economic outcomes. IAG also plays a key role in New Zealand’s Sustainable
               Finance Forum, an initiative of The Aotearoa Circle, which is a partnership of public and private sector leaders committed to
               sustainable prosperity and the conservation of natural resources across the country.




For personal use only
               As a founding member of the Australian Business Roundtable for Disaster Resilience and Safer Communities, IAG works
               collaboratively with governments to effect change in public policy, increase investment aimed at building safer and more resilient
               communities and working to improve the capacity of people and businesses to better withstand future natural disasters. IAG has
               also been invited by the governments in Australia and New Zealand to play a role in climate change management, including active
               engagement and contribution to the National Resilience Taskforce in Australia. In New Zealand, IAG is working through the Climate
               Leaders Coalition to ensure businesses are actively adapting and building resilience to climate impacts. As a key member of the
               Insurance Council of Australia, the representative body of the general insurance industry in Australia, IAG plays an active role in the
               Council’s Climate Change Action Committee and Data and Knowledge Sub-Committee.

               IAG also works in collaboration with communities and partners to build community connection and resilience to climate change that
               also support business outcomes. This includes strategic partnerships working with the Australian and New Zealand Red Cross and
               the State Emergency Service in New South Wales to improve individual and community disaster preparedness.

               Consideration of climate change in underwriting
               Further to IAG’s commitment to the cessation of insuring entities predominantly in the business of extracting fossil fuels and power
               generation using fossil fuels by 2023, IAG is assessing and considering other ESG aspects of its underwriting processes to drive
               behaviour change across its value chain.

               IAG’s underwriting approach incorporates ESG considerations and extensions for its insurance products. These are included in the
               IAG Group Product Governance Framework which aligns the product development process with IAG’s purpose to 'make your world a
               safer place'.

               Consideration of climate change in investments
               "Invest responsibly" is a focus area in IAG’s Climate Action Plan. It commits IAG to:
                   shift investments to companies that have a lower exposure to climate-related risks or a have a strategy to manage these risks;
                   actively support action on climate change and a net zero future; and
                   measure carbon intensity and include climate-related risks in the ESG risk management of investments.

               IAG, and many of the investment managers through which it invests, are signatories to the United Nations Principles for
               Responsible Investment that encourages signatories to advocate that companies and countries in which they are investing
               integrate ESG factors into their investment processes and practices.

               IAG utilises external ESG research and the capabilities of its investment managers to review its climate-related investment
               exposures, assess the carbon footprint and exposure to higher risk investments, and to inform portfolio management. Investment
               due diligence considers investment managers' capabilities to incorporate ESG issues where appropriate. An outline of IAG’s
               approach and current performance is included in the metrics and targets section of this disclosure.

               IAG 2030 +2°C climate scenarios supporting strategy and decisions
               IAG has developed four plausible scenarios to better understand the most significant likely impacts of climate change and related
               physical, transition and litigation risks and opportunities for IAG’s Australian business by 2030. These "2030 +2°C climate
               scenarios" utilised IAG’s own climate physical modelling and were developed through a series of cross-functional workshops. These
               involved IAG leaders and external stakeholders and focused on determining the most significant political, economic, social,
               technological, environmental and legal factors impacted by a +2°C temperature increase by 2030.

               Risk
               IAG regularly profiles and assesses risks to the successful execution of its enterprise strategy. Climate change is identified as a key
               risk in the 2020 Enterprise Risk Profile. IAG's integrated approach to climate risk management is evidenced by its Climate Action
               Plan ‘rethink risk’ focus area and the Climate Risks and Opportunities Program.




                                                                                                                                                  17
               Managing climate risks and opportunities
               The Climate Risks and Opportunities Program is a key input into the Safer Communities Steering Committee, and fulfils key
               components of the Climate Action Plan to:
                  better understand the short, medium and long-term risks and opportunities of climate change to IAG;
                  integrate strategic risks and opportunities resulting from the Climate Risks and Opportunities Program into IAG’s business; and
                  support investor and market confidence through meaningful climate-related financial disclosure.

               The Climate Risks and Opportunities Program was created to ensure the sustainability of IAG’s business in the near and long term
               by identifying how to mitigate and adapt to the impacts of climate change. This leverages the understanding and research of the
               specific physical, transition and litigation risks IAG is exposed to, and how they will impact IAG’s business.




For personal use only
               Further details on IAG’s research into climate-related impacts and associated risks and opportunities are provided in the Climate-
               related disclosure 2020 which can be found in the Safer communities section of IAG's website (www.iag.com.au).

               Research on physical risks
               Since publishing “The Impact of Climate Change on Insurance against Catastrophes” in 2002, IAG emphasised the need to invest in
               climate science to understand, mitigate and adapt to the impact climate change will have on severe weather and IAG’s business.
               IAG also works collaboratively on research and sharing intellectual property to drive behavioural change across the insurance
               industry and its value chain. This helps to gain a strategic advantage in accessing up-to-date knowledge and points of influence.

               On 1 November 2019, IAG released “Severe Weather in a Changing Climate”, a scientific report co-authored with NCAR. The report
               includes the latest scientific knowledge on how climate change could impact future extreme weather events – like tropical
               cyclones, hailstorms, bushfires and rainfall – based on a range of warming global temperature scenarios, as well as insights on
               natural peril impacts from IAG's proprietary models. Of key concern is the increased likelihood of tropical cyclones impacting
               populated areas of Southeast Queensland and Northern New South Wales. Without commensurate risk reduction, this is identified
               as having a potential material long-term impact on the availability and affordability of (re)insurance.

               Such findings highlight the need for a collaborative approach to scale up resilience and mitigation planning by individuals,
               communities, businesses and governments to adapt to the changing physical impacts brought about by climate change, and
               adjacent impacts of underinsurance and financial inclusion.

               IAG is using this research to continue informing its strategy. The research also helps IAG lead engagement across the insurance
               and academic sectors to improve the quality of insights around climate modelling and inform the wider community of the severe
               weather challenges that are likely to be exacerbated by climate change.

               Examples of how IAG currently manages the impacts of physical risks to its business include:
                  modelling the potential changes to severe weather and the impact on property risk such as the IAG physical risk scenarios and
                   the “Severe Weather in a Changing Climate” report;
                  identifying risk reduction opportunities through changes to the built environment including land planning controls;
                  a comprehensive, and diverse, range of reinsurance protection (for more information on IAG’s reinsurance program, please
                   see the “Reinsurance” section of the 2020 IAG Investor Report);
                  investing in community connection and resilience partnerships that proactively prepare for climate-related risks to reduce the
                   social and financial costs of disaster recovery; and
                  influencing land planning and building codes – especially in demonstrating leadership on coastal planning and erosion.

               Research on transition risks
               IAG commissioned EY and Climate Works Australia to undertake a climate transition impact analysis to understand implications for
               its business associated with societal transitioning to climate change. This assessment utilised three scenarios for IAG’s Australian
               business and two scenarios for its New Zealand business that were consistent with projections for limiting long-term global
               warming, in alignment with the Paris Agreement, by 2030 and 2050. The analysis focused on transition impacts to:
                   IAG premiums from underwriting commercial risks;
                   technologies associated with IAG’s home and motor portfolio; and
                   regional supply chain implications from anticipated regulation of carbon.

               The findings have identified that, while there are some risks to smaller portfolios (such as agriculture) in the medium-term, the risk
               to supply chain costs through carbon pricing are relatively immaterial with the uplift in costs estimated to be in the range of 0.03-
               0.05% by 2030 and 0.00-0.03% by 2050. Additionally, there are also growth opportunities to be considered across expanding
               sectors and technologies.

               Impact of climate risks and opportunities
               IAG’s research on physical and transition climate risks has confirmed that the physical impacts of climate change present the most
               material short, medium and long-term risk to IAG’s business. Transition impacts are less material with manageable medium-term
               risks and emerging opportunities to IAG’s product, customer and investment portfolios. A preliminary analysis of the climate risks
               and opportunities that will impact key areas of IAG’s business value chain, as well as activities IAG will take to address these
               impacts, is outlined below.




               18 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               Reinsurance and capital
                  Risks from increased severity and frequency of extreme weather events, without risk reduction initiatives, could impact the
                   cost and availability of global reinsurance capacity.
                  In a local context, over the short term, changes to events such as hailstorms and bushfires will need to be reflected in
                   technical pricing assumptions. In the medium term, cyclones are expected to extend southward to more populated parts of
                   Australia, potentially adversely impacting assets and infrastructure that were not built to withstand such events.
                  Opportunities include further improvements in modelling and forecasting peril impacts to continue to inform the design of IAG's
                   capital platform.
                  As a mitigant to these impacts, IAG will improve quality of insights from climate modelling through engagement across
                   insurance and academic sectors to inform the wider community of evolving climate change risks.




For personal use only
               Product and service pricing
                  Risks from increased natural peril costs impacting the long-term affordability of insurance, especially in high-risk areas.
                  Opportunities exist for IAG to reduce risks by advocating for, and providing technical input on, improved building codes, land
                   planning and risk mitigation for physical infrastructure. This can be achieved by scaling up collaboration with programs that
                   offset and reduce future risks (such as the Queensland Government’s Housing Resilience Program). This can also be
                   supported by further innovation around insurance products that incentivise improved resilience to risks, and development of
                   products such as low carbon home and mobility solutions.
                  To address these issues, IAG will continue to integrate its technical peril pricing engine into its wider pricing engine algorithm,
                   while expanding research on key features of resilient and vulnerable properties to support more accurate pricing and target
                   risk reduction opportunities.

               Customer segments and affordability
                  Risks include the ongoing accessibility and affordability of insurance products which can be impacted if the insurance industry
                   appropriately adjusts risk-based pricing to account for changes in the severity and frequency of natural perils. Inadequate land
                   planning and building codes will further exacerbate affordability of insurance. In the medium term, IAG could face a shrinking
                   market and reputational risk as assets with high exposure to physical risks become more expensive or unaffordable to insure.
                  Opportunities include greater alignment of land planning and building codes to future severe weather events, which can
                   reduce climate risks for customers.
                  IAG will continue to engage customers to understand appropriate and relevant approaches to managing climate-related risk
                   through existing insurance products and services, in alignment with appropriate customer segment strategies. This includes
                   further work with stakeholders to enable climate resilient rebuilding to reduce risks for customers exposed to climate-related
                   perils.

               Claims and insurance supply chain
                   Risks of growing numbers of natural perils related claims was demonstrated by the bushfire, hail and storm events this
                    financial year. This presents a short-term risk to operational claims handling capacity. In the medium term, supply and
                    demand imbalances have the potential to impact claims inflation. Underlying supply chain costs could be impacted by limited
                    availability of raw materials and potential carbon regulation but, as noted above, this is expected to be relatively immaterial.
                   Opportunities from new products, materials and operating models (such as vertically integrating supply chains) may become
                    more prevalent and encourage repair or replacement of insured assets to increase risk resilience and environmental
                    sustainability.
                   To help to mitigate these risks, IAG is looking to use the transition risk analysis to assess how its motor repair model can
                    improve supply chain security and is continuing to understand how a climate resilient rebuild claims model supports
                    reductions in future claims frequency and severity.

               Investments
                  Risks from climate change transitions will have a varied impact on investments, with some assets anticipated to yield
                   decreasing returns, while others increase.
                  Opportunities for IAG include influencing and encouraging responsible investment by directing investments to projects aligned
                   to its purpose and risk appetite.
                  To address these effects, IAG will look to continue considering the implications of potentially stranded assets, carbon-intensive
                   industries and evolving opportunities in determining its investment strategy and portfolio allocations.




                                                                                                                                                   19
               Metrics and Targets
               IAG has set targets on managing its climate risks that include reducing emissions from its own operations and reducing climate risk
               exposure through its underwriting and investment portfolios.


               METRIC                        TARGET                                                PROGRESS
               Managing IAG’s                Using the 2018 financial year as its baseline, IAG    In the current financial year IAG reduced Scope 1
               greenhouse gas emissions      set science-based absolute emission reduction         and 2 greenhouse gas emissions to 21,278
               with science-based targets    targets for its Group Scope 1 and 2 emissions to      tonnes of CO2 equivalent, achieving its current
                                             meet the Paris Agreement commitments to keep          financial year science-based emission reduction
               Climate Action Plan:          climate change below 2°C. These absolute              target.




For personal use only
               reduce our emissions          targets for Scope 1 and 2 emissions include a
                                             20% reduction by 2020, 43% reduction by 2025,         While a reduction in emissions from operational
                                             71% reduction by 2030 and a 95% reduction by          energy and transport-related activities can be
                                             2050. IAG is committed to “reduce its                 attributed to COVID-19 restrictions, IAG’s
                                             emissions” as a key focus in IAG’s Climate Action     activities in consolidation of its property
                                             Plan and Scorecard.                                   portfolio, transitioning key offices to activity-
                                                                                                   based working, implementation of energy
                                                                                                   efficiency activities and the increasing fuel
                                                                                                   efficiency of fleet vehicles continued to drive
                                                                                                   down Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

                                                                                                   In the next financial year IAG sees further
                                                                                                   opportunity to reduce its Scope 2 emissions in
                                                                                                   Australia through a phased approach to procure
                                                                                                   more electricity from renewable energy sources.

               IAG’s underwriting portfolio IAG will cease underwriting entities mainly in the     As at 30 June 2020, the current GWP written
                                            business of extracting fossil fuels and power          relating to all fossil fuel mining, and fossil fuel
               Climate Action Plan:         generation from fossil fuels by 2023.                  power generation, is less than $1 million which
               rethink risk                                                                        equates to less than 0.005% of the total GWP
                                            IAG’s key parameters for defining this exposure        written by the Group in the current financial year.
                                            include:
                                                fossil fuel extraction, including the mining of
                                                 any hydrocarbon fuels, where extraction
                                                 makes up over 30% of all the entity’s
                                                 activities; and
                                                power generation using fossil fuels, where
                                                 thermal coal makes up over 30% of the
                                                 electricity generated.

                                             Excluding:
                                                 small and medium enterprises with turnover
                                                  less than $100 million, where the primary
                                                  industry classification of the business is not
                                                  related to any mining or power generation
                                                  but may have greater than 30% of turnover
                                                  through engagement in these industries;
                                                  and
                                                 legacy portfolios in run-off for businesses
                                                  that IAG has divested, including accident
                                                  and health insurance, surety bonds and
                                                  trade credit insurance where the liability for
                                                  future claims against some of the policies
                                                  will exist until expiry of the policy.




               20 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               METRIC                                     TARGET                                                                PROGRESS
               IAG’s investment                           As per the IAG Climate Action Plan focus area of                      IAG’s Capital Markets team measures the carbon
               portfolio(1)                               "invest responsibly", IAG is implementing the                         intensity of investments of its Australian and
                                                          following investment activities to shift                              international listed equities. Through a shift in
               Climate Action Plan: invest                investments to reduce exposure to climate-                            investments to companies that have a lower
               responsibly                                related risks and support climate action:                             exposure to climate-related risks or a strategy to
                                                              continue to implement climate-related risk                       manage these risks, IAG has achieved a
                                                               management measures through portfolio                            reduction in the normalised carbon footprint of
                                                               management as part of broader ESG risk                           its equity portfolio from 218.7 tonnes of CO2
                                                               management;                                                      emissions per million USD invested in 30 June




For personal use only
                                                              continue to invest in reputable green bonds;                     2017 to 81.0 tonnes of CO2 emissions per
                                                              leverage investments to support climate-                         million USD invested as at 30 June 2020.
                                                               resilient infrastructure and emission
                                                               reduction; and                                                   IAG’s Capital Markets team also monitors IAG’s
                                                              measure ESG and carbon risk exposures in                         investment portfolio exposure to “higher risk
                                                               the portfolio.                                                   companies” as identified using MSCI’s Low
                                                                                                                                Carbon Reduction criteria. This identifies
                                                                                                                                companies with the largest contributions to
                                                                                                                                climate change as:
                                                                                                                                    largest owners of fossil fuel reserves (more
                                                                                                                                     than 1% of remaining global carbon budget);
                                                                                                                                    those with the largest carbon footprint
                                                                                                                                     (carbon footprint greater than 0.33% of the
                                                                                                                                     annual world carbon emissions); and
                                                                                                                                    those with the highest carbon intensity
                                                                                                                                     (carbon intensity that exceeds 3,000 tonnes
                                                                                                                                     of carbon dioxide per million USD invested).

                                                                                                                                IAG has reduced its exposure to higher risk
                                                                                                                                companies through its approach to invest
                                                                                                                                responsibly, with overall portfolio shift from
                                                                                                                                0.43% in 30 June 2017 to 0.01% in 30 June
                                                                                                                                2020.

               (1)      Although IAG’s information providers, including without limitation, MSCI ESG Research LLC and its affiliates (the "ESG Parties"), obtain information from sources they
                        consider reliable, none of the ESG Parties warrants or guarantees the originality, accuracy and/or completeness of any data herein. None of the ESG Parties makes any
                        express or implied warranties of any kind, and the ESG Parties hereby expressly disclaim all warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with
                        respect to any data herein. None of the ESG Parties shall have any liability for any errors or omissions in connection with any data herein. Further, without limiting any
                        of the foregoing, in no event shall any of the ESG Parties have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost
                        profits) even if notified of the possibility of such damages.

                        Certain information ©2020 MSCI ESG Research LLC. Reproduced by permission.

               More information on IAG’s performance against its metrics and targets can be found in the full Climate-related disclosure 2020
               which can be found in the Safer communities section of IAG's website (www.iag.com.au).

               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
               IAG believes good governance is essential to delivering its purpose and strategy, including delivering world-leading customer
               experiences. At IAG, good governance is the culmination of a number of elements, including ethics, culture, leadership (including
               Board and senior management), and policies and procedures (including remuneration and risk management frameworks).

               Aiming for the highest standards across all elements of corporate governance enables IAG to focus more effectively on delivering
               superior customer outcomes and supporting communities.

               During the year, IAG strengthened its approach to governance and culture, responding to the changing regulatory environment. For
               the financial year ended 30 June 2020, IAG complied with the Australian Securities Exchange Corporate Governance Council
               Principles and Recommendations (3rd edition). Details of this compliance are set out in IAG’s 2020 Corporate Governance
               Statement and in Appendix 4G. This Corporate Governance Statement is current as at 7 August 2020 and has been approved by
               the Board. While IAG reported against the 3rd edition, many practices align with the 4th Edition of the Principles and
               Recommendations which come into force for financial years commencing on or after 1 January 2020. IAG expects to fully comply
               with the 4th edition by then.

               IAG’s 2020 Corporate Governance Statement is available at www.iag.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance, along with the
               policies and procedures that guide all employees’ behaviour.




                                                                                                                                                                                                21
               OUTLOOK
               There is considerable uncertainty attached to IAG’s financial outlook for the 2021 financial year, stemming from specific ongoing
               business impacts associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and from broader economic repercussions.

               As a result, IAG has determined not to provide guidance for the 2021 financial year. This decision will be reviewed periodically.


               DIVIDENDS
               Details of dividends paid or determined to be paid by the Company and the dividend policy employed by the Group are set out in
               Note 4.4.




For personal use only
               Cash earnings are used for the purposes of targeted return on equity (ROE) and dividend payout policy and are defined as:
                  net profit after tax attributable to shareholders of the Parent;
                  plus amortisation and impairment of acquired identifiable intangibles; and
                  excluding any unusual items (non-recurring in nature).

                                                                                                                                                                    2020               2019
               CASH EARNINGS                                                                                                                                          $m                  $m
               Net profit after tax                                                                                                                                  435               1,076
               Acquired intangible amortisation and impairment (post-tax)                                                                                             30                  57
                                                                                                                                                                     465               1,133
               Non-recurring items:
               Corporate expenses
                Gain on sale of SBI General                                                                                                                         (309)                    -
                Customer refund provision                                                                                                                            246                     -
                Other                                                                                                                                                   2                   4
               Tax effect on corporate expenses(1)                                                                                                                     (94)                 (1)
               Gain on sale of Thailand                                                                                                                                   -              (208)
               Loss of diversification benefit on sale of Thailand                                                                                                        -                  3
               Non-controlling interest in corporate expenses                                                                                                          (31)                   -
               Cash earnings(2)                                                                                                                                       279                 931
               Interim dividend                                                                                                                                       231                 277
               Final dividend                                                                                                                                            -                462
               Dividend payable                                                                                                                                       231                 739
               Cash payout ratio(2)                                                                                                                                 82.8%             79.4%
               (1)      Includes Australian income tax effects in relation to the corporate expense items listed above, principally income tax benefits on the recognition of the customer refund
                        provision and hedging costs incurred in respect of the SBI General disposal.
               (2)      Cash earnings and cash payout ratio represent non-IFRS financial information.

               IAG’s dividend policy is to pay out 60-80% of cash earnings in any full financial year. Based on cash earnings of $279 million, the
               interim dividend of 10 cents per share paid on 25 March 2020 represents over 80% of full year cash earnings. As a result, the
               Board has determined not to pay a final dividend for the 2020 financial year.

               SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN STATE OF AFFAIRS
               During the financial year the following changes became effective:
                  On 16 December 2019, IAG Finance (New Zealand) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company redeemed all
                   outstanding reset exchangeable securities at their face value of $550 million.
                  On 30 March 2020, IAG announced the completion of the disposal of its 26% interest in its joint venture with the State Bank of
                   India, SBI General Insurance Company Limited, following completion of all the requisite regulatory processes and approvals.
                  On 8 April 2020, the Chairman announced that IAG Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Peter Harmer, had advised
                   the Board of his intention to retire by the end of 2020. A flexible nine-month period of transition has been agreed with Mr
                   Harmer to ensure a smooth changeover. The Board has appointed IAG Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Nicholas Hawkins as
                   Deputy CEO with accountability for the management and performance of IAG’s day-to-day operations during the transition
                   period. Peter Harmer will remain responsible for the overall strategic direction and performance of the Group during the
                   transition period and will directly lead the company’s response to the COVID-19 emergency. Michelle McPherson, CFO
                   Australia, has been appointed acting Group CFO.




               22 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE
               Details of matters subsequent to the end of the financial year are set out below and in Note 7.2 within the financial statements.
               These include:
                  On 24 July 2020, IAG provided an update on its preliminary results for the year ended 30 June 2020. This announcement
                   confirmed that the Group was expecting gross written premium (GWP) growth of around 1%, consistent with the ‘low single
                   digit’ guidance maintained throughout the 2020 financial year and an insurance margin of approximately 10% (on a
                   management reported basis), with the shortfall against prior guidance of 12.5-14.5% largely driven by adverse natural perils,
                   prior period reserving and credit spread factors. These financial statements are consistent with the preliminary financial
                   results reported.
                  On 7 August 2020, the Board determined not to pay a final dividend.




For personal use only
               In a COVID-19 context, IAG notes the recent developments in Victoria, including the declaration of a State of Disaster with effect
               from 2 August 2020, where the related business effects remain highly uncertain.

               NON-AUDIT SERVICES
               During the financial year, KPMG performed certain other services for IAG in addition to its statutory duties.

               The Directors have considered the non-audit services provided during the financial year by KPMG and, in accordance with written
               advice provided by resolution of the Audit Committee, are satisfied that the provision of those non-audit services by IAG’s auditor is
               compatible with, and did not compromise, the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for the following
               reasons:
                  all non-audit assignments were approved in accordance with the process set out in the IAG framework for engaging auditors
                   for non-audit services; and
                  the non-audit services provided did not undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES
                   110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants of the Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand and CPA Australia,
                   as they did not involve reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision-making capacity for
                   the Company, acting as an advocate for the Company or jointly sharing risks and rewards.

               The level of fees for total non-audit services amounted to approximately $1,632,000 (refer to Note 8.3 for further details of costs
               incurred on individual non-audit assignments).

               LEAD AUDITOR'S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE CORPORATIONS ACT
               2001
               The lead auditor's independence declaration is set out on page 47 and forms part of the Directors' Report for the year ended 30
               June 2020.

               INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS
               The Company’s constitution contains an indemnity in favour of every person who is or has been:
                  a Director of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company; or
                  a Secretary of the Company or of a subsidiary of the Company; or
                  a person making or participating in making decisions that affect the whole or a substantial part of the business of the
                   Company or of a subsidiary of the Company; or
                  a person having the capacity to affect significantly the financial standing of the Company or of a subsidiary of the Company.

               The indemnity applies to liabilities incurred by the person in the relevant capacity (except a liability for legal costs). That indemnity
               also applies to legal costs incurred in defending or resisting certain legal proceedings. The indemnity does not apply where the
               Company is forbidden by statute or, if given, would be made void by statute.
               In addition, the Company has granted deeds of indemnity to certain current and former Directors and Secretaries and members of
               senior management of the Company and its subsidiaries and associated companies. Under these deeds, the Company:
                   indemnifies, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the former or current Directors or Secretaries or members of senior
                    management against liabilities incurred by the person in the relevant capacity. The indemnity does not apply where the liability
                    is owed to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or associated companies, or (in general terms) where the liability arises out
                    of a lack of good faith, wilful misconduct, gross negligence, reckless misbehaviour or fraud; and
                   is also required to maintain and pay the premiums on a contract of insurance covering the current or former Directors or
                    members of senior management against liabilities incurred in respect of the relevant office except as precluded by law. The
                    insurance must be maintained until the seventh anniversary after the date when the relevant person ceases to hold office.
                    Disclosure of the insurance premiums and the nature of liabilities covered by such insurance is prohibited by the relevant
                    contract of insurance.




                                                                                                                                                     23
               REMUNERATION REPORT

               LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE PEOPLE AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

               Dear Shareholder,

               The 2020 financial year has seen unprecedented economic and environmental challenges across Australia and New Zealand:
               bushfires of exceptional ferocity, floods and major hailstorms, all followed by the global COVID-19 pandemic.

               Throughout the year our employees have worked tirelessly to meet these challenges, to serve customers, protect colleagues and




For personal use only
               preserve shareholder returns.

               Despite these efforts however, shareholder returns for the 2020 financial year have declined materially.

               Our current financial year cash earnings result of $279 million is 70% lower than the prior financial year, primarily due to a
               combination of higher-than-anticipated natural perils (which had a negative impact on the current financial year cash earnings of
               around $195 million), and investment income losses as a result of COVID-19-related financial market volatility (contributing more
               than $315 million to our cash earnings shortfall). In addition, the remediation of longstanding risk matters has also had a financial
               impact. The 2020 financial year cash earnings result has meant that, in accordance with our 60-80% of cash earnings dividend
               policy, there will be no final 2020 financial year dividend for our shareholders.

               Remuneration outcomes reflect our business results and risk performance
               In response to these results, and considering the current economic circumstances and uncertainty, the Board has decided the
               following remuneration outcomes for Executives and employees:

               Fixed pay
                   no increases to the 2021 financial year fixed pay for senior management including Executives.
                   no increase to the 2021 financial year fees for Directors.
                   a flat 1% increase for eligible employees below the level of Executive Manager.

               Short-term incentives (STI)
                  no STI payments will be made for the 2020 financial year.

               Long-term incentives (LTI)
                  The 2017/2018 LTI awards with the ROE performance measure reached the end of their three-year performance period on 30
                   June 2020. Having regard to the Group performance over the period, the Board has determined the award will vest at 82%.
                   This outcome will be included in detail in next year’s Remuneration Report. The 2016/2017 LTI awards which vested at 100%
                   on 12 August 2019 are disclosed in detail in this Report.
                  During the 2020 financial year, the four-year performance period for the relative total shareholder return (TSR) portion of the
                   2015/2016 LTI award concluded on 30 September 2019. IAG’s TSR was ranked at the 75th percentile of its peer group
                   resulting in full vesting of this award on 15 October 2019. The TSR component of the 2016/2017 LTI will reach the end of its
                   performance period on 30 September 2020, and has not yet been finally considered by the Board. The vesting results for this
                   tranche will be disclosed in next year’s Remuneration Report.

               In addition, the Board made a number of downward risk-related adjustments to deferred awards of senior leaders in relation to risk
               failures identified and assessed during the year. Adjustments were made in respect of current and former Executives, to a total of
               approximately $2.7 million. Several adjustments below the Executive level were also made.

               In taking these decisions, the Board has been mindful that returns to shareholders for the 2020 financial year have been well
               below what has been achieved in recent years. At the same time, the Board wants to acknowledge the considerable endeavours of
               employees across the Group, and to thank them as they have sought to provide high quality, uninterrupted service to our
               customers through difficult times and events.

               Being guided by our purpose in the 2021 financial year and beyond
               COVID-19 continues to have a severe impact on many of our customers and on the community more widely. Many people are
               facing difficult circumstances. We will continue to be guided by our purpose as we support our customers and employees in these
               challenging times.

               Our purpose will also continue to guide the decisions we make, including those that relate to Executive pay. In determining
               Executive pay outcomes, we will still assess both financial and non-financial business performance. Our comprehensive risk
               assessment process will help ensure we deliver results in a sustainable way for all IAG stakeholders. We will continue to monitor
               the alignment of remuneration outcomes with business performance, the economic environment and the experiences of our
               stakeholders and we will exercise discretion where required.




               24 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               While the timelines for some proposed regulatory changes have been extended due to the impact of COVID-19, IAG continues to
               proactively mature its remuneration governance practices. In doing this, we are seeking to ensure our practices continue to
               operate effectively and will readily adapt to the future regulatory context of both the Financial Accountability Regime (FAR) and APRA
               Prudential Standard CPS 511 Remuneration (CPS 511).

               As always, we look forward to receiving feedback on any aspect of this report and our remuneration arrangements, and we
               appreciate your ongoing support.




For personal use only
               Jon Nicholson

               Chairman, People and Remuneration Committee




                                                                                                                                                 25
               CONTENTS                                                                                                                                                                   PAGE
               A.    Key management personnel covered in this report                                                                                                                        26
               B.    Executive remuneration structure                                                                                                                                       27
               C.    Linking IAG's performance and reward                                                                                                                                   32
               D.    Executive remuneration governance                                                                                                                                      37
               E.    Non-Executive Director remuneration                                                                                                                                    38
                     Appendix 1. Statutory remuneration disclosure requirements                                                                                                             41
                     Appendix 2. Executive employment agreements                                                                                                                            43
                     Appendix 3. Movement in equity plans within the financial year                                                                                                         44




For personal use only
                     Appendix 4. Related party interests                                                                                                                                    45

               A. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL COVERED IN THIS REPORT
               This report sets out the remuneration details for IAG’s key management personnel (KMP).

               Following the announcement of Peter Harmer’s intention to retire by the end of the 2020 calendar year, and the appointment of
               Nicholas Hawkins as Deputy Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Executive reporting lines have changed. As a result, the Board has
               determined that Executive KMP (Executive Team) will now comprise the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Group CEO),
               Deputy CEO and direct reports to those two roles who:
                   manage a business unit; or
                   have accountability for the risk or financial control of the organisation; or
                   have accountability to deliver a strategic priority.

               The full list of KMP for the year ended 30 June 2020 is presented below.

               NAME                                                POSITION                                                                    TERM AS KMP(1)
               EXECUTIVES
               Peter Harmer                      Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer(2)                                              Full year
               Julie Batch                       Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer(3)                                                      Full year
               Nicholas Hawkins                  Deputy Chief Executive Officer(4)                                                             Full year
               Michelle McPherson                Acting Chief Financial Officer(5)                                                             From 8 April 2020
               Mark Milliner                     Chief Executive Officer, Australia                                                            Full year
               Craig Olsen                       Chief Executive, New Zealand                                                                  Full year
               Christine Stasi                   Group Executive, People, Performance and Reputation                                           From 4 November 2019
               David Watts                       Chief Risk Officer                                                                            Full year
               EXECUTIVES WHO CEASED AS KMP
               No Executives ceased as KMP during the 2020 financial year.
               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
               Elizabeth Bryan                   Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Director                                                  Full year
               Simon Allen                       Independent Non-Executive Director                                                            From 12 November 2019
               Duncan Boyle                      Independent Non-Executive Director                                                            Full year
               Sheila McGregor                   Independent Non-Executive Director                                                            Full year
               Jon Nicholson                     Independent Non-Executive Director                                                            Full year
               Helen Nugent                      Independent Non-Executive Director                                                            Full year
               Tom Pockett                       Independent Non-Executive Director                                                            Full year
               George Savvides                   Independent Non-Executive Director                                                            Full year
               Michelle Tredenick                Independent Non-Executive Director                                                            Full year
               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR WHO CEASED AS KMP
               Hugh Fletcher                     Independent Non-Executive Director                                                            Ceased 25 October 2019
               (1)      If an individual did not serve as KMP for the full financial year, all remuneration is disclosed from the date the individual was appointed as KMP to the date they ceased
                        as KMP.
               (2)      On 8 April 2020, IAG announced that Chief Executive Officer Peter Harmer had advised the Board of his intention to retire. A flexible nine-month period of transition has
                        been agreed, and it is expected that Mr Harmer will cease employment with IAG by the end of the 2020 calendar year.
               (3)      Effective 24 February 2020, Julie Batch was appointed to the role of Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer. Prior to this appointment Ms Batch was Chief Customer
                        Officer.
               (4)      On 8 April 2020, Nicholas Hawkins was appointed to the role of Deputy Chief Executive Officer. Prior to this appointment Mr Hawkins was the Chief Financial Officer.
               (5)      On 8 April 2020, Michelle McPherson was appointed to the role of Acting Chief Financial Officer. Prior to this appointment Ms McPherson joined IAG as Chief Financial
                        Officer, Australia on 6 April 2020.




               26 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               B. EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION STRUCTURE
               I. Remuneration guiding principles
               There are six guiding principles that underpin IAG’s approach to remuneration. The following chart illustrates these guiding
               principles.




For personal use only
               II. Summary of remuneration components
               The table below describes the structure and purpose of Executive remuneration components for the year ended 30 June 2020.

               TABLE 1 – REMUNERATION COMPONENTS
               COMPONENT STRUCTURE                                                               PURPOSE
               Fixed pay    Fixed pay comprises base salary and superannuation,                  Remunerate Executives for performing their
                            determined by reference to the experience and skills an              ongoing work.
                            individual brings to the role, internal relativities between
                            Executives and market pay levels for similar external roles.

                              Details relating to fixed pay are presented in Table 2.

               Short-term     STI is provided on an annual basis, subject to the achievement of Reward annual performance across a range of
               incentives     short-term goals and an assessment of risk management              financial and non-financial measures to support
               (STI)          effectiveness. Half of the STI is delivered in cash and half is    the delivery of the IAG strategy.
                              deferred for a period of up to two years, typically in the form of
                              Deferred Award Rights (DARs).                                      Deferral of STI encourages retention of senior
                                                                                                 management and reinforces the link between
                              Details relating to the STI plan are presented in Table 3.         shareholder value creation and Executive reward.

               Long-term      LTI grants are determined annually by the Board. The grants are Create a direct link between Executive reward
               incentives     in the form of Executive Performance Rights (EPRs) that have    and the return experienced by shareholders
               (LTI)          performance hurdles over a four-year performance period, which through two hurdles:
                              align to IAG’s strategic financial targets.                        cash ROE evidences IAG’s return on total
                                                                                                  shareholders’ equity. Cash earnings
                              Details relating to the LTI plan are presented in Table 4.          performance is a key component of the ROE
                                                                                                  calculation and directly influences the
                                                                                                  dividend paid to shareholders; and
                                                                                                 relative TSR reflects the value created for
                                                                                                  shareholders through dividends and the
                                                                                                  movement in the share price, measured
                                                                                                  against the top 50 industrial companies in
                                                                                                  the S&P/ASX 100 Index.




                                                                                                                                              27
               Remuneration received by Executives is based on IAG’s performance over a number of time periods, as illustrated in the following
               graph. The timeframe of potential payments to Executives is staggered progressively from one to four years to encourage decision-
               making which supports long-term, sustainable performance.




For personal use only
                III. Remuneration mix
               The following graph illustrates the mix of remuneration components provided to Executives (based on maximum potential earnings,
               as at 30 June 2020).




               Each remuneration component is described in more detail below.

               IV. Fixed pay
               TABLE 2 – FIXED PAY
                Overview                 Fixed pay is set with reference to the median of the external market for comparable roles, considering
                                         the size and complexity of the role, and the skills and experience of the individual. For Australian-based
                                         Executives, the external market consists of financial services companies in the S&P/ASX 50 Index and
                                         companies that are of similar size to IAG. Local market peer groups are considered for overseas-based
                                         Executives.

                                         Increases to fixed pay are generally only provided when pay is below market levels, or there has been a
                                         material change in the responsibilities of the Executive.

                                         During the 2020 financial year, Julie Batch’s fixed pay increased from $735,000 to $825,000 (following
                                         her appointment as Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer). No other Executives received increases to
                                         fixed pay during the year.




               28 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               V. Short-term incentive
               The table below summarises key terms of the STI plan and deferred STI.

               TABLE 3 – STI AND DEFERRED STI
               STI
               Overview               STI is the at-risk remuneration component designed to motivate and reward Executives for superior
                                      performance in the financial year.

               Compliance gateway       To be eligible for an STI, Executives are required to satisfactorily complete compliance training
                                        courses which are designed to ensure participants know how to protect IAG’s customers and operate
                                        in a fair and transparent manner compliant with appropriate regulations.




For personal use only
               Behavioural gateway      To be eligible for an STI, Executives are required to demonstrate appropriate behaviours in the way
                                        they achieve performance outcomes. The Group CEO’s behaviour is assessed by the Board.
                                        Executives’ behaviours are assessed by the Group CEO, who recommends eligibility to the Board.

               STI opportunity          For the 2020 performance year, the maximum value of STI that could be granted is set out in Table
                                        6.

               Funding                  The Board considers the Group’s cash earnings performance when determining overall STI funding
                                        for the year.

                                        In view of the 2020 financial year cash earnings, the Board determined not to make an STI
                                        allocation for the Group CEO and Executives.

               Performance measures     Executive performance is measured against the Group Balanced Scorecard and individual goals
                                        using both financial and non-financial measures (for further details, refer to Table 5).

               Performance evaluation   The PARC reviews the Group CEO’s performance based on the Group Balanced Scorecard outcomes
                                        (as described in Table 5), and the effectiveness of risk management during the year, and then
                                        recommends an STI award for approval by the Board.

                                        The Group CEO reviews the performance of Executives based on the Group Balanced Scorecard
                                        outcomes and achievement against individual goals. The Group CEO then recommends an STI
                                        award for consideration by the PARC, which then recommends an STI award for approval by the
                                        Board.

                                        To ensure incentives provided to the Group CEO and Executives are appropriate, the Board assesses
                                        the risk management performance of IAG (including any prior year events that have come to light in
                                        the current year) prior to determining final incentive outcomes.

                                        For all individuals, the Board may apply discretion in determining the STI outcomes to ensure they
                                        appropriately reflect performance.

               Instrument               Half the STI award is delivered in cash in September following the financial year end, and half the STI
                                        award is deferred for a period of up to two years based on continued service. The deferred
                                        component is typically paid in the form of DARs with no dividend entitlement until the rights vest and
                                        are exercised.



               DEFERRED STI
               Overview of DARs          DARs are rights over the Company’s ordinary shares. DARs are granted at no cost to the Executive and
                                         no dividend is paid for any unvested, or vested and unexercised DARs.

                                         In 2018, the Board made an exception to the dividend policy for holders of DARs that were due to vest
                                         after the record date for final dividends during 2018 and 2019. This exception was made following
                                         IAG’s decision to bring forward the date that annual results are announced to the market. Due to this
                                         change, the record date for final dividends was also brought forward to avoid a delay in distributing
                                         profits to shareholders. Consequently, holders of DARs that vested in September 2018 and some DARs
                                         that vested in September 2019 were no longer entitled to receive the final dividend, as the vesting
                                         dates fell shortly after the new, earlier dividend record dates. In recognition of this adverse
                                         consequence, the Board determined to make a cash payment to employees holding DARs at the
                                         September 2018 and September 2019 vesting dates, equivalent in value to the dividends they would
                                         otherwise have received if the record date had not moved. The payments relating to the September
                                         2019 vesting date are disclosed in this Remuneration Report. No further payments will be made in
                                         relation to this matter.

               Number of DARs issued     The number of DARs issued is calculated based on the volume weighted average share price (VWAP) of
                                         the Company's ordinary shares over the 30 days up to and including 30 June before the grant date.



                                                                                                                                                  29
               Exercise and vesting of   Executives who participate in the STI plan become eligible to receive one ordinary share of the Company
               DARs                      per DAR by paying an exercise price of $1 per tranche of DARs exercised. Vesting of DARs is subject to
                                         an Executive’s continued employment with IAG at the vesting date or meeting the conditions to retain
                                         unvested DARs upon cessation, as outlined in the ‘Malus and forfeiture conditions’ section below.

               Hedging of DARs           Executives may not enter into transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the economic risk of
                                         unvested entitlements to IAG securities.

               Malus and forfeiture      The Board retains the discretion to adjust downwards the unvested portion of any deferred STI awards,
               conditions                including to zero (refer to Section D for more information on the adjustment framework).




For personal use only
                                         Deferred STI awards will generally be forfeited if the Executive resigns before the vesting date, except in
                                         special circumstances (including redundancy, retirement, death or total and permanent disability).
                                         When an Executive ceases employment in special circumstances, any unvested rights may be retained
                                         on cessation of employment subject to the existing terms and conditions of the award including the
                                         vesting date, subject to Board discretion.

                                         In cases where the Executive acts fraudulently or dishonestly or is in breach of his or her obligations to
                                         IAG, the unvested rights will lapse.



               VI. Long-term incentive
               The table below summarises key terms of the LTI plan.

               TABLE 4 – LTI
               Overview                  LTI grants are determined annually by the Board. The grants are in the form of EPRs that have
                                         performance hurdles aligned to IAG’s strategic financial targets.

                                         Rights granted during the year will not vest and have no value to the Executive unless the performance
                                         hurdles are achieved.

               LTI opportunity           For the 2020 performance year, the maximum value of LTI that could be granted to the Group CEO and
                                         each Executive is as below:
                                             165% of fixed pay for the Group CEO;
                                             140% of fixed pay for the Deputy CEO and the CEO, Australia;
                                             80% of fixed pay for the CRO;
                                             40% of fixed pay for the Acting CFO; and
                                             125% of fixed pay for all other Executive Team members.

               Instrument                If performance hurdles are achieved over the four-year performance period, rights can be settled with
                                         either the Company's ordinary shares or an equivalent cash payment. The Board may choose to
                                         exercise discretion to settle rights on vesting in cash in circumstances where it is restrictive to settle
                                         rights with shares, including in jurisdictions where legislative requirements prohibit share ownership in
                                         a foreign entity. Where rights are settled in cash, the value of the cash payment is determined based on
                                         the VWAP for the five trading days up to and including the vesting date.

               Allocation methodology    The number of rights issued is calculated based on the VWAP over the 30 days up to and including 30
                                         June before the grant date.

               Dividend entitlements     No dividend is paid or payable for any unvested, or vested and unexercised, rights.

               Performance hurdles       The cash ROE performance hurdle (50% weighting) and relative TSR performance hurdle (50%
                                         weighting) are measured over four years.




               30 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               Performance hurdle –   Description    Cash ROE is measured relative to IAG’s weighted average cost of capital (WACC).
               cash ROE
                                                     For LTI awards granted prior to November 2018, there were six half-year periods
                                                     measured. For LTI awards granted from November 2018 onwards, there are eight half-
                                                     year periods.

                                                     In 2019, a review of the cash ROE hurdle was completed, considering factors such as
                                                     IAG’s business strategy, market practice, changes to IAG’s capital base and historic and
                                                     projected ROE performance. Following this review, the vesting range was increased from
                                                     1.2-1.6 times WACC to 1.4-1.9 times WACC for the November 2019 LTI grant onwards.




For personal use only
                                                     The Board can reduce the cash ROE vesting outcomes in order to ensure that reward
                                                     outcomes appropriately reflect performance.

                                                     For awards vesting from 30 June 2020 onwards, the Board will consider the impact of
                                                     changes in the cost of capital over the performance period. In the event that there have
                                                     been material changes in the cost of capital, the Board can consider the extent to which
                                                     this may have influenced vesting outcomes to ensure that reward outcomes
                                                     appropriately reflect performance.

                                      Definition     ROE is calculated as cash earnings divided by the average total shareholders' equity.
                                                     Cash earnings is defined as net profit after tax attributable to owners of the Company
                                                     plus amortisation and impairment of acquired identifiable intangible assets and adjusted
                                                     for unusual items after tax (non-recurring in nature). In determining vesting outcomes,
                                                     the Board considers the overall quality of earnings over the performance period,
                                                     including differences between the statutory profit and cash earnings, and movements in
                                                     the cost of capital.

                                      Testing        Cash ROE is calculated by dividing the cash earnings of IAG by the average total
                                                     shareholders' equity for a given period. This cash ROE figure is then expressed as a
                                                     multiple of IAG’s WACC. The cash ROE vesting outcome is based on the average cash
                                                     ROE across the performance period (the six or eight half-year periods) divided by the
                                                     average WACC over the same timeframe.

                                      Vesting (for   0% vesting for cash ROE less than 1.4 times WACC
                                      grants
                                      November       20% vesting for cash ROE at 1.4 times WACC
                                      2019
                                      onwards)       100% vesting for cash ROE at or above 1.9 times WACC

                                                     Straight-line vesting between 1.4 times WACC and 1.9 times WACC

               Performance hurdle –   Description    Relative TSR is measured against the top 50 industrial companies within the S&P/ASX
               relative TSR                          100 Index. Industrial companies are defined by Standard & Poor’s as being all
                                                     companies excluding those in the Energy sector (GICS Tier 1) and the Metals & Mining
                                                     industry (GICS Tier 3).

                                                     Companies which are no longer part of the index at the end of the performance period
                                                     (e.g. due to acquisition or delisting) may be removed from the peer group.

                                      Definition     TSR measures the return a shareholder would obtain from holding a company’s share
                                                     over a period, taking into account factors such as changes in the market value of shares
                                                     and dividends paid over that period. The relative measure compares IAG’s TSR against
                                                     that of companies in the peer group.

                                      Testing        Relative TSR performance for allocations made prior to November 2018 is measured
                                                     between 30 September of the base year and 30 September of the test year.

                                                     Relative TSR performance for allocations made from November 2018 onwards is
                                                     measured between 30 June of the base year and 30 June of the test year.

                                                     The opening and closing share price for the TSR calculation for IAG and peer group
                                                     companies uses a three-month VWAP.

                                      Vesting (for   0% vesting for relative TSR less than the 50th percentile of the peer group
                                      grants
                                      November       50% vesting for relative TSR at the 50th percentile of the peer group
                                      2019
                                      onwards)       100% vesting for relative TSR at or above the 75th percentile of the peer group

                                                     Straight-line vesting between the 50th and 75th percentile of the peer group


                                                                                                                                          31
               Retesting                   There are no opportunities to retest these performance hurdles.

               Hedging of EPRs             Executives may not enter into transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the economic risk of
                                           unvested entitlements to IAG securities.

               Malus and forfeiture        The Board retains the discretion to adjust downwards the unvested portion of any LTI awards, including
               conditions                  to zero (refer to Section D for more information on the adjustment framework).

                                           Unvested rights will generally lapse if an Executive resigns before the performance hurdles are tested,
                                           except in special circumstances. When an Executive ceases employment in special circumstances, any
                                           unvested rights may be retained on cessation of employment up to the point they vest, subject to Board




For personal use only
                                           discretion. Special circumstances include: redundancy, retirement, death or total and permanent
                                           disability. Any rights retained under these circumstances will remain subject to the original
                                           performance conditions.

                                           In cases where the Executive acts fraudulently or dishonestly or is in breach of his or her obligations to
                                           IAG, the unvested rights will lapse.


               C. LINKING IAG'S PERFORMANCE AND REWARD
               I. Linking IAG's short-term performance and short-term reward
               IAG has three broad strategic priorities: ‘customer’, ‘simplification’ and ‘agility’. The focus of each strategic priority is summarised
               on page 13 of the annual report.

               The tables below summarise IAG’s Group Balanced Scorecard objectives and outcomes for the year ended 30 June 2020. The
               objectives were agreed with the Board at the beginning of the financial year and were designed to focus Executives on delivering
               superior performance outcomes against the strategic priorities. Each Executive’s performance is assessed based on their
               contribution to the objectives outlined below, as well as their individual performance.

               TABLE 5 – GROUP BALANCED SCORECARD OBJECTIVES AND RESULTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020
               OBJECTIVE AND      RATIONALE                               MEASURE AND OUTCOME                 COMMENT
               WEIGHTING
               FINANCIAL MEASURES (55% OF SCORECARD)
               Profitability      IAG uses underlying profit as the       Not met                             The outcome was largely driven by
               (30%)              key profitability measure, as it                                            the decline in the underlying
                                  presents a holistic view of the         The Group’s underlying profit was insurance margin, particularly
                                  absolute earnings power of IAG’s        slightly below the expectations set during the second half of the
                                  core insurance-related business. It at the commencement of the              financial year. This reflected the
                                  provides a view of the underlying       financial year.                     combined impact of lower
                                  profitability of the underwriting, fee-                                     investment returns, higher
                                  based and associate businesses                                              reinsurance costs (associated with
                                  and is an important measure of                                              the unusually high level of natural
                                  how IAG generates value for                                                 perils activity) and deterioration in
                                  shareholders.                                                               the performance of some
                                                                                                              Australian commercial long-tail
                                                                                                              portfolios.

                                                                                                                   COVID-19 had a broadly neutral
                                                                                                                   overall impact on this measure.

               Controllable           IAG’s continued focus on               Not met                            During the first half of the financial
               operating expense      optimisation of its operating model                                       year, the Group delivered against
               (15%)                  and related cost-out initiatives       The Group’s controllable operating the controllable operating expense
                                      improves the efficiency with which     cost base for the 2020 financial   target under its optimisation
                                      IAG deploys its resources.             year was slightly above target.    program.

                                                                                                                   However, the headline metric for
                                                                                                                   the 2020 financial year was
                                                                                                                   impacted by the incurrence of
                                                                                                                   incremental costs associated with
                                                                                                                   IAG’s COVID-19 response including
                                                                                                                   those related to the recently
                                                                                                                   announced retail branch closures
                                                                                                                   in New Zealand.




               32 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               OBJECTIVE AND        RATIONALE                             MEASURE AND OUTCOME                COMMENT
               WEIGHTING
               Growth               IAG continues to expand its product Not met                              The underlying GWP growth metric
               (10%)                and service offerings to its                                             adjusts the equivalent reported
                                    markets, measured through gross IAG’s underlying GWP growth from         measure for portfolio divestments
                                    written premium (GWP) growth,        continuing operations was 1.8%      and foreign currency effects.
                                    creating value for its shareholders, which did not meet the target of
                                    customers and partners.              3.0%.                               If this result was adjusted for the
                                                                                                             estimated adverse impact on new
                                                                                                             business volumes associated with




For personal use only
                                                                                                             the onset of COVID-19 it would
                                                                                                             increase to approximately 2.5%,
                                                                                                             which would still be below target.

               NON-FINANCIAL MEASURES (45% OF SCORECARD)
               Customer advocacy IAG’s strategy is designed to 'put    Met                                   IAG continued to deliver customer
               (7.5%)            the customer at the centre of                                               advocacy above the level of
                                 everything we do'. IAG considers      IAG sets a Customer Net Promoter      competitors during the 2020
                                 this essential to driving the ability Score (NPS) target relative to its    financial year due to strong brands
                                 to grow profitably over the longer    peers. IAG’s NPS for the 2020         and continued embedment of its
                                 term. IAG is focused on designing financial year was +8 NPS points          customer advocacy programs.
                                 compelling product and service        above the competitive market
                                 offerings by developing a deeper      average, which met the target.
                                 understanding of customers’ needs
                                 and the changing environment,
                                 allowing delivery of world-leading
                                 customer experiences, including
                                 through digital channels. IAG uses
                                 Customer Net Promoter Scores to
                                 measure the impact of these
                                 initiatives for its customers.

               Customer growth      Together with customer advocacy       Not met                            Although retention rate was
               numbers (personal)   IAG also measures customer                                               maintained, IAG did not meet the
               (7.5%)               growth as part of assessing the       IAG’s personal customer growth     personal customer growth target,
                                    impact of IAG's ability to design     was 0.4%, not meeting the target   which was based on system
                                    compelling product and service        of 1.8% to 2.2%.                   growth.
                                    offerings, for personal customers.

               Customer growth      Together with customer advocacy       Not met                           While the commercial growth
               numbers              IAG also measures customer                                              target recognised IAG’s need for
               (commercial)         growth as part of assessing the       IAG’s commercial customer growth continued focus on improving the
               (5%)                 impact of IAG's ability to design     was -3.3%, not meeting the target underwriting quality of the
                                    compelling product and service        of between -2.2% to -1.7%.        commercial book, the target was
                                    offerings, for commercial                                               not met.
                                    customers.

               Employee advocacy    IAG seeks to motivate and engage      Met                              IAG’s employees recommend IAG
               (7.5%)               its employees around its purpose                                       as a place to work because of
                                    to 'make your world a safer place'.   IAG measures employee advocacy supportive leadership, approach to
                                    Creating a strong organisational      using an eNPS. The target was an workplace flexibility, employee
                                    culture helps IAG deliver strong      eNPS score between +31 and +33, benefits, work life balance and a
                                    business results. IAG uses the        and the result was +50.          positive work environment.
                                    Employee Net Promoter Score
                                    (eNPS) to measure its                                                    The COVID-19 response resulted in
                                    effectiveness in fostering a strong                                      an increase in eNPS as employees’
                                    organisational culture.                                                  advocacy for IAG as a place to work
                                                                                                             was supplemented by support for
                                                                                                             the way IAG purposely responded
                                                                                                             to the pandemic.




                                                                                                                                             33
               OBJECTIVE AND                  RATIONALE                                      MEASURE AND OUTCOME                           COMMENT
               WEIGHTING
               Agility                        A constructive and agile culture    Met                                                      IAG’s agility indicator scores
               (7.5%)                         enables IAG to provide great                                                                 improved from the 2019 financial
                                              experiences for its employees and IAG’s performance improved from                            year. These indicators help IAG
                                              customers. IAG tracks three agility the 2019 financial year for all                          understand how our employees
                                              indicators to measure progress      three agility indicators of                              experience leadership and
                                              towards creating an agile           leadership effectiveness,                                decision-making, and the degree of
                                              organisation. These are leadership connectedness, and decision-                              connection employees feel to the
                                              effectiveness, connectedness and making. Each exceeded the target                            organisation.




For personal use only
                                              decision-making effectiveness.      range.
                                                                                                                                           This improvement from 2019
                                                                                                                                           reflects an ongoing leadership
                                                                                                                                           focus on culture as evidenced
                                                                                                                                           during IAG’s response to COVID-19.

               Risk maturity                  Management of risk is integral to   Met                                                      IAG’s risk maturity met the target
               (10%)                          IAG delivering on its strategy, to                                                           for the current financial year. The
                                              meeting short-term objectives and IAG has continued to build on its                          Risk Maturity Model will be further
                                              achieving long-term sustainability. risk maturity.                                           strengthened in the 2021 financial
                                              IAG conducts a formal assessment                                                             year to incorporate additional risk
                                              of risk management maturity and                                                              classes including insurance and
                                              risk culture which is reviewed and                                                           reinsurance risk.
                                              approved by the Board and Risk
                                              Committee on a quarterly basis.
                                              Due to the importance of risk
                                              management to IAG, it is included
                                              as an explicit measure on the
                                              scorecard.


               II. STI outcomes for the year ended 30 June 2020
               The following table sets out the STI outcomes for Executives for the year ended 30 June 2020.
               TABLE 6 – ACTUAL STI OUTCOMES FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020
                                                                                                                                                 CASH STI           DEFERRED STI
                                                               MAXIMUM STI                                                                      OUTCOME                OUTCOME
                                                               OPPORTUNITY                     ACTUAL STI OUTCOME                                  (50%)                        (50%)
                                                             (% of fixed pay) (% of maximum)(1)                 (% of fixed pay)         (% of fixed pay)            (% of fixed pay)
               Peter Harmer                                           150 %                -%                                -%                       -%                          -%
               Julie Batch                                            120 %                -%                                -%                       -%                          -%
               Nicholas Hawkins                                       130 %                -%                                -%                       -%                          -%
               Michelle McPherson                                      80 %                -%                                -%                       -%                          -%
               Mark Milliner                                          130 %                -%                                -%                       -%                          -%
               Craig Olsen                                            120 %                -%                                -%                       -%                          -%
               Christine Stasi                                        120 %                -%                                -%                       -%                          -%
               David Watts                                             80 %                -%                                -%                       -%                          -%
               (1)      The proportion of STI foregone is derived by subtracting the actual percentage of maximum received from 100% and was 100% on average for the year ended 30 June
                        2020 (compared to 40% in 2019).

               The average STI for all Executives was 0% of the maximum STI opportunity.




               34 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               III. Linking IAG's long-term performance and long-term reward
               Details of LTI vested during the year are set out below:
               Cash ROE – 100% vesting for the 2016/2017 LTI awards
               The Board has determined that, for the performance period from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2020, the average reported cash ROE of
               1.51 times WACC will apply. This will equate to an 82% vesting outcome, which will be reflected in next year's Remuneration
               Report. For the performance period from 1 July 2016 to 30 June 2019, the average reported cash ROE was 1.91 times WACC. In
               determining the final vesting outcome for this award, the Board considered the overall quality of earnings, including the differences
               between the statutory profit and cash earnings. Following this review, the Board determined that the award would vest in full.

               The following graph illustrates IAG’s cash ROE/WACC performance over the past three years.




For personal use only
               Relative TSR – 100% vesting
               On 30 September 2019, the relative TSR portion of the 2015/2016 LTI award was tested. IAG’s TSR was ranked at the 75th
               percentile of the peer group, resulting in a 100% vesting outcome.
               The following graph illustrates IAG’s relative TSR, on an annualised basis, against the top 50 industrial companies in the S&P/ASX
               100 Index for the 2015/2016 LTI award:




                                                                                                                                                35
               The following table shows the returns IAG delivered to shareholders for the last five financial years for a range of measures.

               TABLE 7 – HISTORICAL ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDER RETURN
                                                                                                 YEAR ENDED         YEAR ENDED         YEAR ENDED          YEAR ENDED YEAR ENDED
                                                                                                30 JUNE 2016       30 JUNE 2017       30 JUNE 2018        30 JUNE 2019 30 JUNE 2020
               Closing share price ($)                                                                   5.45                6.78              8.53                8.26              5.77
               Dividends per ordinary share (cents)                                                    36.00(1)             33.00             34.00              37.50(3)           10.00
               Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                         25.79               39.03             39.06               46.26             18.87
               Reported cash ROE (%)                                                                     13.0                15.2              15.6                14.4                 4.5




For personal use only
               Three-year average reported cash ROE to WACC                                             2.00(2)             1.76(2)         1.83(2),(4)         1.91(4),(5)     1.51(4),(5),(6)
               (1)      This includes the 10.00 cents (per ordinary share) 2016 special dividend.
               (2)      Outcomes reflect IAG’s average cash ROE to WACC prior to the Board considering the impact of the software impairments announced to the market on 19 August 2016.
                        The impact of the software impairments was to reduce average cash ROE to WACC by 0.09 times in the three years to 30 June 2016, 0.08 times in the three years to 30
                        June 2017 and 0.09 times in the three years to 30 June 2018.
               (3)      This includes the 5.50 cents (per ordinary share) 2019 special dividend paid as part of the capital management initiative announced in August 2018.
               (4)      Outcomes reflect IAG’s average cash ROE to WACC prior to the Board considering the impact of the write-down of Asian asset carrying values reported in the 2018
                        financial year. The impact of the write-down of Asian asset carrying values would have been to reduce average cash ROE to WACC by 0.03 times in the three years to 30
                        June 2018, and by the same amount in the three years to 30 June 2019 and in the three years to 30 June 2020.
               (5)      Outcomes reflect IAG’s average cash ROE to WACC prior to the Board considering the impact of the net gain on sale of the Thailand business in the 2019 financial year.
                        The impact of the net gain on sale of the Thailand business would have been to increase average cash ROE to WACC by 0.13 times in the three years to 30 June 2019,
                        and 0.14 times in the three years to 30 June 2020.
               (6)      Outcomes reflect IAG’s average cash ROE to WACC prior to the Board considering the impact of the net gain on sale of the India business and the recognition of the
                        customer refund provisions in the 2020 financial year. The impact of the net gain on sale of SBI General would have been to increase average cash ROE to WACC by
                        0.23 times in the three years to 30 June 2020, while the impact of the customer refund provisions would have been to reduce the average cash ROE to WACC by 0.10
                        times in the three years to 30 June 2020.

               IV. Actual remuneration received by Executives
               The following table details remuneration received by Executives during the financial year, which includes:
                   fixed pay and other benefits paid during the financial year;
                   the value of cash STI awards earned in the financial year; and
                   the value of prior years’ deferred STI and LTI awards that vested during the financial year.

               For remuneration details provided in accordance with the Accounting Standards, refer to Appendix 1.

               TABLE 8 – ACTUAL REMUNERATION RECEIVED IN 2020 AND 2019
                                                                                   OTHER BENEFITS                                                                               TOTAL ACTUAL
                                                    FINANCIAL                          AND LEAVE TERMINATION                               DEFERRED                            REMUNERATION
                                                        YEAR        FIXED PAY           ACCRUALS    BENEFITS                 CASH STI      STI VESTED        LTI VESTED             RECEIVED
                                                                        $000                $000        $000                    $000             $000              $000                 $000
                                                                           (1)                 (2)        (3)                     (4)              (5)               (6)
               EXECUTIVES
               Peter Harmer                             2020            1,900                    26                    -            -             638            3,179                  5,743
                                                        2019            1,858                   136                    -         709              655            2,049                  5,407
               Julie Batch                              2020              767                     1                    -            -             201              924                  1,893
                                                        2019              728                     3                    -         269              200              462                  1,662
               Nicholas Hawkins                         2020            1,200                     6                    -            -             374            1,907                  3,487
                                                        2019            1,200                    33                    -         480              399            1,480                  3,592
               Michelle McPherson(7)                    2020              184                    13                    -            -                -                -                   197
               Mark Milliner                            2020            1,100                    36                    -            -             297            1,730                  3,163
                                                        2019            1,079                   117                    -         432            1,306                 -                 2,934
               Craig Olsen(8)                           2020              802                    38                    -            -             232              957                  2,029
                                                        2019              785                    62                    -         339              202              448                  1,836
               Christine Stasi(9)                       2020              492                   281                    -            -                -                -                   773
               David Watts                              2020              875                    16                    -            -             423                 -                 1,314
                                                        2019              704                    32                    -         176                 -                -                   912
               (1)      Fixed pay includes amounts paid in cash, superannuation contributions plus the portion of IAG’s superannuation contribution that is paid as cash instead of being paid
                        into superannuation. Fixed pay also includes salary sacrifice items such as cars and parking as determined in accordance with AASB 119 Employee Benefits. Julie
                        Batch received a fixed pay increase following her appointment as Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer.
               (2)      Further details are provided in Table 13 in Appendix 1.
               (3)      Payment in lieu of notice, which incorporates statutory notice and severance entitlements.
               (4)      Cash STI earned within the year ended 30 June and to be paid in the following September (representing 50% of the award made for the financial year).
               (5)      Deferred STI vesting on 12 August 2019 and 1 September 2019 was valued using the five-day VWAP of $7.82 and $7.97 respectively (1 September 2018: $7.65).
               (6)      LTI vested was valued using the five-day VWAP at vesting date which was $7.82 for awards vested on 12 August 2019 and $7.72 for awards vested on 15 October 2019
                        (16 August 2018: $7.98 and 30 September 2018: $7.32).
               (7)      Michelle McPherson commenced as Acting Chief Financial Officer on 8 April 2020. Her remuneration is presented for the period for which she served as a KMP.
               (8)      Remuneration for Craig Olsen was determined in New Zealand dollars and reported in Australian dollars using the average exchange rate for the year ended 30 June
                        2020 which was 1 NZD = 0.94825 AUD.
               (9)      Christine Stasi commenced as Group Executive, People, Performance and Reputation on 4 November 2019. Her remuneration is presented for the period for which she
                        served as a KMP. Ms Stasi received a cash payment in February 2020 as compensation for incentives foregone on leaving her previous employer.


               36 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               V. Group CEO remuneration
               Below are further details on drivers of the actual remuneration received by the Group CEO that are outlined in Table 8. The
               components of remuneration mix are shown with commentary on how performance has translated into remuneration outcomes.




For personal use only
               D. EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE
               I. IAG's approach to remuneration governance
               IAG governs remuneration through the Board and the PARC as illustrated in the following graphic.




                                                                                                                                         37
               II. Use of remuneration consultants
               During the year, no remuneration consultants were engaged, and no recommendations, as defined by the Corporations Act 2001,
               were provided by remuneration consultants.

               III. Adjustment framework
               Variable pay reinforces behaviours aligned to IAG’s purpose, encouraging both prudent risk-taking and risk mitigation that protects
               the long-term financial soundness and reputation of the Group. The Board retains overriding discretion to adjust variable pay
               (upwards, downwards and to zero) including:
                    where a person or group of persons has been found to have engaged in misconduct or exposed IAG to risk beyond its risk
                     appetite or controls;
                     where it is necessary to protect the Group’s long-term financial soundness;




For personal use only
               
                    to take into account the outcomes of business activities;
                    where it is required by law or APRA Prudential Standards; or
                    any other circumstances the Board determines are relevant.

               Each year, the PARC makes a recommendation to the Board on whether to adjust variable pay for Executives based on risk
               management performance. Adjustments may be applied to variable pay awards for current and/or prior years using one or both of
               the following mechanisms:
                   in-year STI adjustment; and
                   adjustment of awarded but unvested variable pay (malus).

               The PARC’s recommendations are informed by the identification and assessment of material financial and non-financial risks
               across the Group by the Risk Committee. The Risk Committee uses a range of inputs to support its assessment of risk
               management performance, including:
                  a report by the Chief Risk Officer;
                  a report by the Executive General Manager, Group Internal Audit; and
                  the Group CEO’s insights and recommendations.

               The Board determined to make a number of downward risk-related adjustments (malus adjustments) to deferred awards of senior
               leaders in relation to risk failures identified and assessed during the year. Malus adjustments were made to current and former
               Executives as well as some senior managers below Key Management Personnel.

               IV. Mandatory shareholding requirement for Executives
               Table 9 outlines the mandatory shareholding requirements for Executives.

               TABLE 9 – MANDATORY SHAREHOLDING REQUIREMENT
                                                              ORDINARY SHARES TO ACCUMULATE                PERIOD TO ACCUMULATE
                                                              AND HOLD                                     (from date of appointment)
               Group CEO                                      2 x base salary                              Four years
               Executives (other than the Chief Risk Officer) 1 x base salary                              Four years
               Chief Risk Officer                             1 x base salary                              Five years

               The mandatory shareholding requirement for Executives is based on either the value of shares at acquisition or the market value at
               the testing date, whichever is higher. This allows Executives to build a long-term shareholding in IAG without being impacted by
               short-term share price volatility. Compliance with this requirement is assessed at the end of each financial year, using the 30-day
               volume-weighted average share price leading up to and including 30 June, the value of shares at acquisition, and the Executive’s
               base salary from the start of the accumulation period.

               All Executives appointed prior to 30 June 2016 met the mandatory shareholding requirement at 30 June 2020.

               E. NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION
               I. Remuneration policy
               The principles that underpin IAG’s approach to remuneration for Non-Executive Directors are that remuneration should:
                   be sufficiently competitive to attract and retain a high calibre of Non-Executive Director; and
                   create alignment between the interests of Non-Executive Directors and shareholders through the mandatory shareholding
                    requirement.

               II. Mandatory shareholding requirement for Non-Executive Directors
               Non-Executive Directors are required to accumulate and hold ordinary shares of the Company with a value equal to their annual
               Board fee. The Non-Executive Directors have three years from the date of their appointment to the Board to meet their required
               holding.

               The mandatory shareholding requirement for Non-Executive Directors is based on either the value of shares at acquisition or the
               market value at the testing date, whichever is higher. This allows Non-Executive Directors to build a long-term shareholding in IAG
               without being impacted by short-term share price volatility. Compliance with this requirement is assessed at the end of each
               financial year, using the 30-day volume-weighted average share price leading up to and including 30 June and the value of shares
               at acquisition.

               All Non-Executive Directors appointed prior to 30 June 2017 met the mandatory shareholding requirement at 30 June 2020.



               38 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               III. Remuneration structure
               Non-Executive Director remuneration comprises:
                    Board fees (paid as cash, superannuation and Non-Executive Director Award Rights);
                    Committee fees; and
                    subsidiary board fees.

               The aggregate limit of Board fees (as approved by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting in October 2013) is $3,500,000 per
               annum.

               Directors can elect the portion of fees contributed into their nominated superannuation fund, provided minimum legislated




For personal use only
               contribution levels are met.

               a. CHANGES TO NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION DURING THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020
               In the year ended 30 June 2020, there were no changes to Board and Committee fees for the Insurance Australia Group Limited
               Board. There have been no changes to Board or Committee fees since the year ended 30 June 2017.

               b. INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED BOARD FEES
               A summary of fees for service to the Insurance Australia Group Limited Board is set out below:

               TABLE 10 – BOARD AND COMMITTEE FEES (INCLUSIVE OF SUPERANNUATION)
                                                                                                                                                              ROLE
               BOARD/COMMITTEE                                                                          YEAR                                           CHAIRMAN               DIRECTOR/
                                                                                                                                                                                MEMBER
               Board                                                                                    2020                                            $577,116               $192,372
               Audit Committee                                                                          2020                                             $50,000                $25,000
               Risk Committee                                                                           2020                                             $50,000                $25,000
               People and Remuneration Committee                                                        2020                                             $50,000                $25,000
               Nomination Committee                                                                     2020                                                 N/A                    N/A


               c. SUBSIDIARY BOARD FEES
               The fees for service provided to subsidiary boards were unchanged from the previous year. A summary of fees is set out below:

               TABLE 11 – FEES FOR NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS' SERVICE ON SUBSIDIARY BOARDS (INCLUSIVE OF SUPERANNUATION)
               DIRECTOR             SUBSIDIARY BOARD                                 CAPACITY              ANNUAL FEE
               Elizabeth Bryan      Insurance Manufacturers of Australia Pty Limited Chairman               $184,800
               Hugh Fletcher(1)     IAG New Zealand Limited                          Chairman               $45,302
               Simon Allen (1)      IAG New Zealand Limited                          Chairman               $87,531
               (1)      These amounts were paid to Hugh Fletcher and Simon Allen in New Zealand dollars for the period for which they served in the role and reported in Australian dollars
                        using the average exchange rate for the year ended 30 June 2020 which was 1 NZD = 0.94825 AUD.




                                                                                                                                                                                          39
               d. NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AWARD RIGHTS PLAN (NARS PLAN)
               Non-Executive Directors may elect to receive some or all fees in rights over IAG shares. Structuring Non-Executive Director fees in
               this manner supports Non-Executive Directors build their shareholdings in IAG, which enhances the alignment of interests between
               Non-Executive Directors and shareholders as well as facilitating the achievement of mandatory shareholding requirements.

               TABLE 12 – NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AWARD RIGHTS PLAN (NARS PLAN)
               Participation          Each Non-Executive Director may agree with IAG to have a proportion of their base Board fee
                                      provided as NARs. Participation in the NARs Plan is voluntary.

               Performance measures      There are no performance conditions attached to the NARs Plan, which reflects good governance
                                         practices by ensuring that the structure of Non-Executive Director remuneration does not act to bias




For personal use only
                                         decision-making or compromise objectivity.

                                         A service condition is attached to the vesting of the NARs. The full annual allocation of unvested
                                         NARs is issued at the grant date, with tranches vesting each month to align the vesting of NARs with
                                         the payment of Non-Executive Director fees. As the grant date for NARs is part way through a
                                         financial year, a proportion of the NARs granted is immediately vested.

               Instrument                Grants under the NARs Plan are in the form of rights over the Company's ordinary shares. Each NAR
                                         entitles the Non-Executive Director to acquire one ordinary share in IAG subject to satisfaction of a
                                         service condition.

               Allocation methodology    The number of NARs offered is determined by dividing the amount of base fee nominated by the five-
                                         day VWAP up to and including the grant date, rounded to the nearest NAR.

               Voting rights             Non-Executive Directors have no voting rights until the NARs are exercised and the Non-Executive
                                         Director holds shares in IAG.

               Exercise price            As NARs are purchased by Non-Executive Directors via fee sacrifice arrangements at grant, Non-
                                         Executive Directors do not have to pay any amount to exercise NARs.

               Expiry date               NARs expire on the date that is 15 years from the grant date, or any other date determined by the
                                         Board (Expiry Date). NARs that are not exercised before the Expiry Date will lapse.

               Hedging of NARs           Non-Executive Directors may not enter into transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the
                                         economic risk of unvested entitlements to IAG securities.

               Forfeiture conditions     In the event a Non-Executive Director ceases service with the Board, any vested NARs may be
                                         exercised for shares in IAG in the subsequent trading window. Any unvested NARs will lapse. Under
                                         certain circumstances (e.g. change of control), the Board also has sole and absolute discretion to
                                         deal with the NARs, including waiving any applicable vesting conditions and/or exercise conditions by
                                         giving notice or allowing a Non-Executive Director affected by the relevant event to transfer their
                                         NARs.




               40 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               APPENDIX 1. STATUTORY REMUNERATION DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS
               I. Total remuneration for Executives
               Statutory remuneration details for Executives as required by Australian Accounting Standards are set out below:

               TABLE 13 – STATUTORY REMUNERATION DETAILS (EXECUTIVES)
                                                                                              OTHER
                                                                                               LONG-
                                                                                POST           TERM
                                                                              EMPLOY-        EMPLOY-          TERM-                                                                       AT-RISK
                                        SHORT-TERM EMPLOYMENT                   MENT           MENT         INATION                                                                      REMUN-




For personal use only
                                                      BENEFITS               BENEFITS       BENEFITS       BENEFITS        SUB-TOTAL SHARE-BASED PAYMENT                     TOTAL       ERATION
                                                     Leave                                      Long
                                                   accruals                                  service                                       Value of                                    As a % of
                                    Base          and other Superan-                           leave                                       deferred        Value of                        total
                                   salary Cash STI benefits  nuation                        accruals                                            STI             LTI                      reward
                                   $000      $000     $000     $000                            $000             $000            $000          $000           $000            $000                 %
                                        (1)            (2)           (3)             (4)            (5)             (6)                             (7)            (8)                          (9)
               EXECUTIVES
               Peter Harmer
               2020         1,875                      -            (2)            25              28                -        1,926             562          1,565         4,053               52
               2019         1,833                   709           109              25              27                -        2,703             512          1,562         4,777               58
               Julie Batch(10)
               2020            742                     -           (10)            25              11                -          768             192             500        1,460               47
               2019            703                  269              (8)           25              11                -        1,000             160             493        1,653               56
               Nicholas Hawkins(11)
               2020         1,175                      -           (12)            25              18                -        1,206             353             874        2,433               50
               2019         1,175                   480             97             25             (64)               -        1,713             303             896        2,912               58
               Michelle McPherson(12)
               2020            176                      -         244                8              1                -           429                 -              -        429                  -
               Mark Milliner
               2020         1,075                      -           20              25              16                -        1,136             291             973        2,400               53
               2019         1,054                   432           101              25              16                -        1,628             329             910        2,867               58
               Craig Olsen(13)
               2020            802                     -            38                -              -               -          840             234             528        1,602               48
               2019            785                  339             62                -              -               -        1,186             177             519        1,882               55
               Christine Stasi(14)
               2020            476                      -         276              16               5                -           773              31              23         827                 7
               David Watts(15)
               2020            850                     -             3             25              13                -           891            455             178        1,524               42
               2019            679                  176             24             25               8                -           912            102              27        1,041               29
               (1)      Base salary includes amounts paid in cash plus the portion of IAG’s superannuation contribution that is paid as cash instead of being paid into superannuation, and salary
                        sacrifice items such as cars and parking, as determined in accordance with AASB 119 Employee Benefits. Julie Batch received a fixed pay increase during the 2020
                        financial year.
               (2)      Cash STI earned within the year ended 30 June and to be paid in the following September (representing 50% of the award made for the financial year).
               (3)      This column includes annual and mid-service leave accruals, 30% tax rebate on car allowances for certain KMPs who have salary sacrifice arrangements on cars, the ex-
                        gratia payment for DARs affected by the change in record date, and other short-term employment benefits as agreed and provided under specific conditions. Other
                        benefits provided to Craig Olsen include salary continuance insurance.
               (4)      Superannuation represents the employer’s contributions.
               (5)      Long service leave accruals as determined in accordance with AASB 119.
               (6)      Payment in lieu of notice which incorporates statutory notice and severance entitlements.
               (7)      The deferred STI is granted as DARs and is valued using the Black-Scholes valuation model. An allocated portion of unvested DARs is included in the total remuneration
                        disclosure above. The deferred STI for the year ended 30 June 2020 will be granted in the next financial year, so no value was included in the current financial year’s total
                        remuneration.
               (8)      This value represents the allocated portion of unvested EPRs (unvested LTI). To determine the value of EPRs, a Monte Carlo simulation (for the relative TSR performance
                        hurdle) and Black-Scholes valuation (for the cash ROE performance hurdle) have been applied. The valuations takes into account the exercise price of the EPRs, life of the
                        EPRs, price of ordinary shares of the Company as at the grant date, expected volatility of the Company's share price, expected dividends, risk free interest rate,
                        performance of shares in the peer group of companies, early exercise and non-transferability and turnover which is assumed to be zero for an individual's remuneration
                        calculation.
               (9)      At-risk remuneration is dependent on a combination of the financial performance of IAG, the Executives' performance against individual measures (financial and non-
                        financial) and continuing employment. At-risk remuneration typically includes STI (cash and deferred remuneration) and LTI.
               (10)     Julie Batch was appointed to the role of Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer on 24 February 2020. Prior to this appointment she was Chief Customer Officer. Ms Batch's
                        remuneration is shown for the full financial year.
               (11)     Nicholas Hawkins was appointed to the role of Deputy CEO on 8 April 2020. Prior to this appointment he was the Chief Financial Officer. Mr Hawkins' remuneration is
                        shown for the full financial year.
               (12)     Michelle McPherson commenced as Acting Chief Financial Officer on 8 April 2020. Her remuneration is shown for the period for which she served as KMP. In August
                        2020 Michelle McPherson will receive a $509,176 cash payment and in November 2020 a $765,824 DARs allocation as compensation for incentives foregone from her
                        previous employer. The portion that relates to service in the current year is shown above.
               (13)     Remuneration for Craig Olsen was determined in New Zealand dollars and reported in Australian dollars using the average exchange rate for the year ended 30 June 2020
                        which was 1 NZD = 0.94825 AUD.


                                                                                                                                                                                             41
               (14) Christine Stasi commenced as Group Executive, People, Performance and Reputation on 4 November 2019. Her remuneration is shown for the period for which she
                    served as KMP. In February 2020 Christine Stasi received a $250,000 cash payment and in April 2020 received 51,000 DARs as compensation for incentives foregone
                    from her previous employer.
               (15) David Watts commenced as Chief Risk Officer from 11 September 2018 and his remuneration in the prior year is shown for the period for which he served as KMP.

               II. Total remuneration details for Non-Executive Directors
               Details of total remuneration for Non-Executive Directors are set out below:

               TABLE 14 – STATUTORY REMUNERATION DETAILS (NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS)
                                                                                                                OTHER LONG-
                                                                                                                      TERM                                SHARE-




For personal use only
                                                       SHORT-TERM                                               EMPLOYMENT          TERMINATION           BASED
                                               EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS              POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS           BENEFITS            BENEFITS         PAYMENT           TOTAL
                                  IAG Board      Other
                                        fees board and
                                    received Committee                Retirement
                                     as cash      fees Superannuation    benefits
                                       $000      $000           $000        $000                                         $000               $000            $000          $000
               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
               Elizabeth Bryan
               2020                     440       169             21            -                                             -                  -           125           755
               2019                     485       169             21            -                                             -                  -           113           788
               Simon Allen (1)

               2020                     112       117             13            -                                             -                  -               -         242
               Duncan Boyle
               2020                     176        91             25            -                                             -                  -               -         292
               2019                     176        91             25            -                                             -                  -               -         292
               Sheila McGregor
               2020                      88        39             20            -                                             -                  -            83           230
               2019                      44        23             19            -                                             -                  -           124           210
               Jon Nicholson
               2020                     176        68             23            -                                             -                  -               -         267
               2019                     176        68             23            -                                             -                  -               -         267
               Helen Nugent
               2020                     176        46             21            -                                             -                  -               -         243
               2019                     176        46             21            -                                             -                  -               -         243
               Tom Pockett
               2020                     178        68             21            -                                             -                  -               -         267
               2019                     178        68             21            -                                             -                  -               -         267
               George Savvides(2)
               2020                     176        46             22            -                                             -                  -               -         244
               2019                      10         1              1            -                                             -                  -               -          12
               Michelle Tredenick
               2020                      88        39             20            -                                             -                  -            83           230
               2019                     135        23             19            -                                             -                  -            53           230
               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR WHO CEASED AS KMP
               Hugh Fletcher(3)
               2020                      59        61              7            -                                             -                  -               -         127
               2019                     176       186             21            -                                             -                  -               -         383
               (1)      Non-Executive Director appointed part way through the year ended 30 June 2020.
               (2)      Non-Executive Director appointed part way through the year ended 30 June 2019.
               (3)      Non-Executive Director ceased as KMP part way through the year ended 30 June 2020.




               42 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               APPENDIX 2. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
               Details are provided below of contractual elements for the Group CEO and Executives.

               TABLE 15 – EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
                                        Group CEO and Australian Executives                      Chief Executive, New Zealand
               Employing entity         Insurance Australia Group Services Pty Limited           IAG New Zealand Limited

               Term                          Unlimited term – may be terminated by written notice from either party or by IAG making a payment
                                             in lieu of notice.




For personal use only
               Annual remuneration review Requires an annual review of remuneration. Does not require IAG to increase fixed pay, pay STI or
                                          offer an LTI in any given year.

               Termination of employment The employment of an Executive may be terminated at any time with 12 months' notice or payment
               with notice or payment in in lieu of notice. Payment in lieu of notice will be calculated based on fixed pay.
               lieu of notice
                                         If an Executive terminates voluntarily, they are required to provide six months' notice.

                                             Subject to the relevant legislation in the various jurisdictions, termination provisions may include the
                                             payment of annual leave and/or long service leave for the Executives.

               Termination of employment The employment of an Executive may be terminated without notice and without payment in lieu of
               without notice and without notice in some circumstances. Generally, this would occur where the Executive:
               payment in lieu of notice      is charged with a criminal offence that could bring the organisation into disrepute;
                                              is declared bankrupt;
                                              breaches a provision of their employment agreement;
                                              is guilty of serious and wilful misconduct; or
                                              unreasonably fails to comply with any material and lawful direction given by the relevant
                                               company.

               Redundancy arrangements       During the year, the Board reviewed redundancy      The Chief Executive, New Zealand Craig Olsen is
                                             arrangements for Executives in light of             employed by a New Zealand entity and is not
                                             developments in the regulatory environment,         subject to the Australian redundancy policy.
                                             market trends, and shareholder and community        Under his employment agreement in the event of
                                             expectations. The Board determined to limit         redundancy, Craig Olsen is entitled to a 12-month
                                             redundancy payments for Executives to 12            notice period, or payment in lieu of notice, subject
                                             months’ fixed pay. Grandfathering arrangements      to any adjustments that may be required to
                                             apply for Nicholas Hawkins and Julie Batch, who     ensure compliance with the termination benefits
                                             had their existing redundancy entitlements of 66    provisions in the Corporations Act 2001.
                                             weeks and 54 weeks of fixed pay respectively
                                             preserved.


               No KMP contracts were terminated during the reporting period.

               Peter Harmer advised the Board of his intention to retire at the end of the 2020 calendar year. On retirement, Mr Harmer will
               retain all of his unvested share rights and any deferred STI. Those rights and deferred STI will continue to vest per the standard
               Board-approved schedule and remain subject to any future risk adjustments.




                                                                                                                                                    43
               APPENDIX 3. MOVEMENT IN EQUITY PLANS WITHIN THE FINANCIAL YEAR
               Changes in each Executive’s holding of DARs and EPRs and each Non-Executive Director’s holdings of NARs during the financial
               year are set out below. The DARs granted during the year ended 30 June 2020 reflect the deferred portion of the STI outcome for
               the year ended 30 June 2019. The EPRs granted during the year ended 30 June 2020 were in relation to the LTI plan. The NARs
               granted during the year ended 30 June 2020 represent the total number of rights a Non-Executive Director has agreed to receive
               as part of the payment of their base Board fees.

               TABLE 16 – MOVEMENT IN POTENTIAL VALUE OF DARS, EPRS AND NARS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020
                                             RIGHTS ON             RIGHTS GRANTED               RIGHTS EXERCISED                  RIGHTS LAPSED          RIGHTS ON      RIGHTS            RIGHTS
                                               ISSUE AT                                                                                                    ISSUE AT    VESTED            VESTED
                                                 1 JULY                                                                                                     30 JUNE DURING THE               AND




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                          YEAR          EXERCIS-
                                                                                                                                                                                         ABLE AT
                                                                                                                                                                                         30 JUNE
                                                 Number          Number          Value         Number          Value         Number          Value          Number          Number        Number
                                                                                 $000                          $000                          $000
                                                       (1)                          (2)                           (3)
               EXECUTIVES
               Peter     DAR     118,693                        90,300            675       (80,843)            581                  -            -      128,150           80,843                -
               Harmer    EPR   1,399,071                       399,100          2,044      (408,995)          2,942                  -            -    1,389,176          408,995                -
               Julie     DAR      37,623                        34,300            257       (25,473)            183                  -            -       46,450           25,473                -
               Batch     EPR     435,072                       117,000            599      (118,732)            854                  -            -      433,340          118,732                -
               Nicholas DAR       70,503                        61,200            458       (47,403)            341                  -            -       84,300           47,403                -
               Hawkins EPR       808,102                       213,900          1,096      (245,319)          1,764                  -            -      776,683          245,319                -
               Michelle DAR             -                             -              -             -               -                 -            -             -                -               -
               McPherson EPR            -                             -              -             -               -                 -            -             -                -               -
               Mark      DAR      54,952                        55,000            411       (37,602)            270                  -            -       72,350           37,602                -
               Milliner  EPR     816,382                       196,100          1,005      (221,309)          1,592                  -            -      791,173          221,309                -
               Craig     DAR      44,296                        43,200            323       (29,346)            211                  -            -       58,150           29,346                -
               Olsen(4)  EPR     460,866                        43,300            222      (123,026)            885                  -            -      381,140          123,026                -
               Christine DAR            -                       51,000            310              -               -                 -            -       51,000                 -               -
               Stasi(5)  EPR            -                      119,400            462              -               -                 -            -      119,400                 -               -
               David     DAR     108,300                        22,400            168       (54,150)            389                  -            -       76,550           54,150                -
               Watts     EPR      84,200                        89,100            456              -               -                 -            -      173,300                 -               -
               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
               Elizabeth NAR       6,678                         15,951           125        (17,318)           125                  -            -          5,311          15,951         5,311
               Bryan
               Sheila    NAR       8,584                         10,634             83       (15,680)           113                  -            -          3,538          10,634         3,538
               McGregor
               Michelle NAR        3,116                         10,634             83       (10,212)             73                 -            -          3,538          10,634         3,538
               Tredenick
               (1)      Opening number of rights on issue represents the balance as at the date of appointment as KMP or 1 July 2019.
               (2)      The value of the DARs granted during the year is the fair value at grant date calculated using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The value of the DARs granted on 12
                        November 2019 and 17 April 2020 was $7.48 and $6.09 respectively. This amount is allocated to remuneration over years ending 30 June 2020 to 30 June 2022.
                        The value of the cash ROE portion of the EPRs granted on 12 November 2019 and 17 April 2020 is the fair value at grant date, calculated using the Black-Scholes
                        valuation model, which was $6.80 and $5.45 respectively. The cash ROE portion of the EPR grants is first exercisable after the performance period concludes on 30
                        June 2023. The value of the relative TSR portion of the EPRs granted on 12 November 2019 and 17 April 2020 is the fair value at grant date, calculated using the
                        Monte Carlo simulation, which was $3.45 and $2.29 respectively. The relative TSR portion of the EPRs is first exercisable on 30 June 2023. The amount is allocated to
                        remuneration over the years ending 30 June 2020 to 30 June 2023. The value of the NARs granted during the year is the fair value at grant date calculated using the
                        Black-Scholes valuation model. The value of the annual NARs granted on 15 September 2019 was $7.85. This amount was allocated to remuneration over the year
                        ended 30 June 2020.
               (3)      Rights vested and exercised during the financial year. The value of the rights exercised is based on the annual VWAP for the year ended 30 June 2020, which was
                        $7.19.
               (4)      Craig Olsen was incorrectly not awarded a full allocation of EPRs in the current year. These EPRs will be awarded next year under the same terms and conditions as the
                        2020 financial year EPRs. Table 13 reflects the accounting value of the intended 2020 financial year allocation of 126,900 EPRs.
               (5)      Christine Stasi received 51,000 DARs in April 2020 as compensation for incentives forgone on leaving her previous employer.




               44 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               I. LTI awards outstanding during the year ended 30 June 2020
               Details of outstanding LTI awards made to Executives in the year ended 30 June 2020 are shown in the table below.

               TABLE 17 – LTI AWARDS OUTSTANDING DURING THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020
                                                                                                                                                PERFORMANCE
                                                                                                                                  TEST                HURDLE
               AWARD                                                     GRANT DATE                BASE DATE                      DATE           ACHIEVEMENT LAST EXERCISE DATE
               2019/2020 – TSR(1)                                     17/04/2020               01/07/2019               30/06/2023                         N/A           17/04/2027
               2019/2020 – ROE(1)                                     17/04/2020               01/07/2019               30/06/2023                         N/A           17/04/2027
               2019/2020 – TSR(1)                                     12/11/2019               01/07/2019               30/06/2023                         N/A           12/11/2026




For personal use only
               2019/2020 – ROE(1)                                     12/11/2019               01/07/2019               30/06/2023                         N/A           12/11/2026
               2018/2019 – TSR(1)                                     29/03/2019               01/07/2018               30/06/2022                         N/A           29/03/2026
               2018/2019 – ROE(1)                                     29/03/2019               01/07/2018               30/06/2022                         N/A           29/03/2026
               2018/2019 – TSR(1)                                     05/11/2018               01/07/2018               30/06/2022                         N/A           05/11/2025
               2018/2019 – ROE(1)                                     05/11/2018               01/07/2018               30/06/2022                         N/A           05/11/2025
               2017/2018 – TSR(1)                                     30/04/2018               30/09/2017               30/09/2021                         N/A           30/04/2025
               2017/2018 – ROE(1),(2)                                 30/04/2018               01/07/2017               30/06/2020                         N/A           30/04/2025
               2017/2018 – TSR(1)                                     03/11/2017               30/09/2017               30/09/2021                         N/A           03/11/2024
               2017/2018 – ROE(1),(2)                                 03/11/2017               01/07/2017               30/06/2020                         N/A           03/11/2024
               2016/2017 – TSR(1)                                     24/03/2017               30/09/2016               30/09/2020                         N/A           24/03/2024
               2016/2017 – ROE(1)                                     24/03/2017               01/07/2016               30/06/2019                        100%           24/03/2024
               2016/2017 – TSR(1)                                     02/11/2016               30/09/2016               30/09/2020                         N/A           02/11/2023
               2016/2017 – ROE(1)                                     02/11/2016               01/07/2016               30/06/2019                        100%           02/11/2023
               2015/2016 – TSR(1)                                     31/03/2016               30/09/2015               30/09/2019                        100%           31/03/2023
               2015/2016 – TSR(1)                                     02/11/2015               30/09/2015               30/09/2019                        100%           02/11/2022
               (1)      Terms and conditions for LTI plans from 2015/2016 to 2019/2020 relating to relative TSR and cash ROE are the same.
               (2)      The cash ROE portion of LTI plan 2017/2018 has been tested and is expected to vest at 82% of maximum. Vesting details will be included in the Remuneration Report
                        for the year ending 30 June 2021.

               APPENDIX 4. RELATED PARTY INTERESTS
               In accordance with the Corporations Act Regulation 2M.3.03, the Remuneration Report includes disclosure of related parties'
               interests.

               I. Movements in total number of ordinary shares held
               The relevant interests of each KMP and their related parties in ordinary shares of the Company are disclosed in the table below.

               TABLE 18 – MOVEMENT IN TOTAL NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES HELD
                                                                                                                                       NET
                                                                           SHARES              SHARES            SHARES        MOVEMENT OF
                                                                       RECEIVED ON         RECEIVED ON       RECEIVED ON        SHARES DUE          TOTAL SHARES        SHARES HELD
                                                   SHARES HELD         EXERCISE OF         EXERCISE OF       EXERCISE OF          TO OTHER                  HELD        NOMINALLY AT
                                                      AT 1 JULY               DARS               EPRS               NARS         CHANGES(1)            AT 30 JUNE          30 JUNE(2)
                                                       Number              Number              Number            Number             Number                Number             Number
               2020
               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVES
               Elizabeth Bryan                          75,458                     -                  -            17,318                   -             92,776               92,776
               Simon Allen(3)                                 -                    -                  -                  -                  -                   -                    -
               Duncan Boyle                             31,894                     -                  -                  -                  -             31,894               31,894
               Sheila McGregor                           7,786                     -                  -            15,680                   -             23,466               23,466
               Jon Nicholson                            33,761                     -                  -                  -                  -             33,761               23,584
               Helen Nugent                             26,630                     -                  -                  -                  -             26,630               26,630
               Tom Pockett                              32,057                     -                  -                  -               176              32,233                     -
               George Savvides                                -                    -                  -                  -             8,660               8,660                8,660
               Michelle Tredenick                        4,368                     -                  -            10,212                   -             14,580                     -
               Peter Harmer                          1,131,722               80,843            408,995                   -          (400,000)          1,221,560                     -
               Julie Batch                              93,174               25,473            118,732                   -                  -            237,379                     -
               Nicholas Hawkins                        175,000               47,403            245,319                   -          (297,722)            170,000                     -
               Michelle McPherson(3)                       448                     -                  -                  -                  -                448                  448
               Mark Milliner                           108,072               37,602            221,309                   -          (209,204)            157,779                  174
               Craig Olsen                             264,591               29,346            123,026                   -          (225,000)            191,963               14,445
               Christine Stasi(3)                             -                    -                  -                  -                  -                   -                    -
               David Watts                                  28               54,150                   -                  -           (54,004)                174                  174


                                                                                                                                                                                     45
                                                                                                                                                NET
                                                                               SHARES               SHARES              SHARES          MOVEMENT OF
                                                                           RECEIVED ON          RECEIVED ON         RECEIVED ON          SHARES DUE           TOTAL SHARES          SHARES HELD
                                                      SHARES HELD          EXERCISE OF          EXERCISE OF         EXERCISE OF            TO OTHER                   HELD          NOMINALLY AT
                                                         AT 1 JULY                DARS                EPRS                 NARS           CHANGES(1)             AT 30 JUNE            30 JUNE(2)
                                                          Number               Number               Number              Number               Number                 Number               Number
               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR WHO CEASED AS KMP(4)
               Hugh Fletcher           85,023            -                                                      -                   -               887               85,910                38,016
               (1)      Net movement of shares relates to acquisition and disposal transactions by the KMP and their related parties during the year.




For personal use only
               (2)      Shares nominally held are included in the column headed total shares held at 30 June and include those held by the KMP's related parties, inclusive of domestic
                        partner, dependants and entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by the KMP.
               (3)      Opening number of shares held represents the balance as at the date of appointment.
               (4)      Information on shares held is disclosed up to the date of cessation.

               II. Movements in total number of capital notes held
               No KMP had any interest directly or nominally in capital notes during the financial year (2019: nil).

               III. Relevant interest of each Director and their related parties in listed securities of the Group in accordance with the
               Corporations Act 2001

               TABLE 19 – HOLDINGS OF SHARES AND CAPITAL NOTES AS AT 30 JUNE 2020
                                                       ORDINARY SHARES                                                                                   CAPITAL NOTES
                                                 Held directly(1)       Held indirectly(2)                                                          Held directly                    Held indirectly
               Elizabeth Bryan                                  -                92,776                                                                         -                                  -
               Simon Allen                                      -                        -                                                                      -                                  -
               Duncan Boyle                                     -                31,894                                                                         -                                  -
               Sheila McGregor                                  -                23,466                                                                         -                                  -
               Jon Nicholson                            10,177                   23,584                                                                         -                                  -
               Helen Nugent                                     -                26,630                                                                         -                                  -
               Tom Pockett                              32,233                           -                                                                      -                                  -
               George Savvides                                  -                 8,660                                                                         -                                  -
               Michelle Tredenick                       14,580                           -                                                                      -                                  -
               Peter Harmer                         1,221,560                            -                                                                      -                                  -
               (1)      This represents the relevant interest of each Director in ordinary shares issued by the Company, as notified by the Directors to the ASX in accordance with section 205G of
                        the Corporations Act 2001 until the date the financial report was signed. Trading in ordinary shares of the Company is covered by the restrictions which limit the ability of
                        an IAG Director to trade in the securities of the Group where they are in a position to be aware, or are aware, of price sensitive information.
               (2)      These ordinary shares of the Company are held by the Director’s related parties, inclusive of entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by the Director,
                        as notified by the Director to the ASX in accordance with section 205G of the Corporations Act 2001.


               ROUNDING OF AMOUNTS
               Unless otherwise stated, amounts in the financial report and Directors' Report have been rounded to the nearest million dollars.
               The Company is of a kind referred to in the ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191 dated 24 March 2016 issued by the Australian
               Securities and Investments Commission. All rounding has been conducted in accordance with that instrument.

               This report meets the remuneration reporting requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and Accounting Standard AASB 124
               Related Party Disclosures. The term remuneration used in this report has the same meaning as compensation as prescribed in
               AASB 124.

               Signed at Sydney this 7th day of August 2020 in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




               Peter Harmer
               Director




               46 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               LEAD AUDITOR'S INDEPENDENCE
               DECLARATION
               UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE CORPORATIONS ACT 2001




For personal use only
               TO THE DIRECTORS OF INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED

               I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit of Insurance Australia Group Limited for the financial
               year ended 30 June 2020 there have been:
                   no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit;
                    and
                   no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




               KPMG




               Andrew Yates
               Partner


               Sydney
               7 August 2020




                                                                                                                                                                         47
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative ("KPMG
               International"), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
               CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               CONTENTS                                                                       PAGE
               Consolidated statement of comprehensive income                                   49
               Consolidated balance sheet                                                       51
               Consolidated statement of changes in equity                                      52
               Consolidated cash flow statement                                                 53




For personal use only
               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               1         OVERVIEW
               1.1       Introduction                                                          54
               1.2       About this report                                                     55
               1.3       Segment reporting                                                     57

               2          INSURANCE DISCLOSURES
               2.1        General insurance revenue                                            59
               2.2        Claims and reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims    60
               2.3        Investments                                                          64
               2.4        Unearned premium liability                                           66
               2.5        Deferred insurance expenses                                          67
               2.6        Trade and other receivables                                          67
               2.7        Trade and other payables                                             68

               3          RISK
               3.1        Risk and capital management                                          68

               4          CAPITAL STRUCTURE
               4.1        Interest-bearing liabilities                                         79
               4.2        Equity                                                               81
               4.3        Earnings per share                                                   82
               4.4        Dividends                                                            83
               4.5        Derivatives                                                          84

               5          OTHER BALANCE SHEET DISCLOSURES
               5.1        Goodwill and intangible assets                                       85
               5.2        Income tax                                                           88
               5.3        Provisions                                                           90
               5.4        Leases                                                               91

               6          GROUP STRUCTURE
               6.1        Disposals of businesses                                              93
               6.2        Discontinued operations                                              93
               6.3        Details of subsidiaries                                              95
               6.4        Non-controlling interests                                            95
               6.5        Investment in joint venture and associates                           96
               6.6        Parent entity disclosures                                            97

               7          UNRECOGNISED ITEMS
               7.1        Contingencies                                                        97
               7.2        Events subsequent to reporting date                                  98

               8          ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES
               8.1        Notes to the consolidated cash flow statement                        98
               8.2        Related party disclosures                                            99
               8.3        Remuneration of auditors                                             99
               8.4        Net tangible assets                                                  99
               8.5        Impact of new Australian Accounting Standards issued                100




               48 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
               COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020
                                                                                             NOTE    2020        2019
                                                                                                        $m          $m
               Gross earned premium                                                          2.1    12,014      11,942




For personal use only
               Outwards reinsurance premium expense                                                 (4,776)     (4,704)
               Net earned premium (i)                                                                7,238       7,238
               Claims expense                                                                       (9,711)     (8,468)
               Reinsurance and other recoveries revenue                                      2.1     4,701       3,849
               Net claims expense (ii)                                                       2.2    (5,010)     (4,619)
               Commission expense                                                                   (1,009)     (1,011)
               Underwriting expense                                                                 (2,070)     (1,833)
               Reinsurance commission revenue                                                2.1     1,201       1,128
               Net underwriting expense (iii)                                                       (1,878)     (1,716)
               Underwriting profit (i) + (ii) + (iii)                                                  350         903
               Investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                     2.3       162         339
               Investment expenses on assets backing insurance liabilities                              (17)        (18)
               Insurance profit                                                                        495       1,224
               Investment (loss)/income on shareholders' funds                               2.3      (164)        247
               Fee and other income                                                                    441         111
               Share of net profit of associates                                                         57          42
               Finance costs                                                                            (92)        (94)
               Fee-based, corporate and other expenses                                                (193)       (193)
               Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in unitholders' funds                   (9)         (5)
               Profit before income tax from continuing operations                                     535       1,332
               Income tax expense                                                            5.2        (37)      (363)
               Profit after income tax from continuing operations                                      498         969
               (Loss)/profit after income tax from discontinued operations                   6.2          (4)      204
               Profit for the year                                                                     494       1,173
               OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(EXPENSE)
               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
               Net movement in foreign currency translation reserve, net of tax                         (21)         33
               Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
               Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax                                      (12)        (17)
               Other comprehensive (expense)/income from continuing operations, net of tax              (33)         16
               Other comprehensive income from discontinued operations, net of tax           6.2          2          20
               Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                     463       1,209
               PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO
               Shareholders of the Parent – continuing operations                                      439         871
               Shareholders of the Parent – discontinued operations                          6.2         (4)       205
               Non-controlling interests – continuing operations                                        59          98
               Non-controlling interests – discontinued operations                           6.2           -         (1)
               Profit for the year                                                                     494       1,173
               TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO
               Shareholders of the Parent – continuing operations                                      406         887
               Shareholders of the Parent – discontinued operations                          6.2         (2)       225
               Non-controlling interests – continuing operations                                        59          98
               Non-controlling interests – discontinued operations                           6.2           -         (1)
               Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                     463       1,209




                                                                                                                      49
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
               COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                           NOTE          2020           2019
                                                                                                                         cents          cents
               EARNINGS PER SHARE – CONTINUING AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS




For personal use only
               Basic earnings per ordinary share                                                           4.3          18.87           46.26
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share                                                         4.3          18.49           44.58
               EARNINGS PER SHARE – CONTINUING OPERATIONS
               Basic earnings per ordinary share                                                           4.3          19.05           37.45
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share                                                         4.3          18.65           36.44

               The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial
               statements.




               50 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
               AS AT 30 JUNE 2020
                                                                                                            NOTE          2020       2019
                                                                                                                            $m         $m
               ASSETS
               Cash held for operational purposes                                                           8.1            405         538
               Investments                                                                                  2.3         10,100      10,684




For personal use only
               Trade and other receivables                                                                  2.6          4,419       4,170
               Current tax assets                                                                                          212         107
               Assets held for sale                                                                         6.2             33          61
               Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims                                       2.2          6,069       5,779
               Deferred insurance expenses                                                                  2.5          3,501       3,451
               Deferred levies and charges                                                                                 119         105
               Deferred tax assets                                                                          5.2            575         453
               Right-of-use assets                                                                          5.4            531            -
               Property and equipment                                                                                      132         181
               Other assets                                                                                                113         115
               Investment in joint venture and associates                                                   6.5            351         544
               Goodwill and intangible assets                                                               5.1          3,134       3,098
               Total assets                                                                                             29,694      29,286
               LIABILITIES
               Trade and other payables                                                                     2.7          2,800       2,680
               Current tax liabilities                                                                                      31          29
               Liabilities held for sale                                                                    6.2             14          27
               Unearned premium liability                                                                   2.4          6,276       6,334
               Outstanding claims liability                                                                 2.2         10,584      10,296
               Lease liabilities                                                                            5.4            655            -
               Non-controlling interests in unitholders' funds                                                             330         245
               Provisions                                                                                   5.3            639         389
               Other liabilities                                                                                           485         496
               Interest-bearing liabilities                                                                 4.1          1,526       2,080
               Total liabilities                                                                                        23,340      22,576
               Net assets                                                                                                6,354       6,710
               EQUITY
               Share capital                                                                                4.2           6,617      6,617
               Treasury shares held in trust                                                                                 (49)       (48)
               Reserves                                                                                                       30         46
               Retained earnings                                                                                           (521)      (211)
               Parent interest                                                                                            6,077      6,404
               Non-controlling interests                                                                                    277        306
               Total equity                                                                                               6,354      6,710

               The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                         51
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
               CHANGES IN EQUITY
               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020
                                                                                                  SHARE-
                                                                    TREASURY      FOREIGN         BASED
                                                                      SHARES    CURRENCY         REMUN-                 NON-
                                                           SHARE      HELD IN TRANSLATION       ERATION RETAINED CONTROLLING              TOTAL




For personal use only
                                                          CAPITAL      TRUST     RESERVE        RESERVE EARNINGS   INTERESTS             EQUITY
                                                              $m          $m           $m            $m       $m          $m                $m
               2020
               Balance at the beginning of the
               financial year                              6,617         (48)             20          26        (211)           306      6,710
               Adjustment on initial application of
               AASB 16, net of tax (see Note 8.5)               -           -               -           -        (33)               -       (33)
               Restated balance at the beginning of
               the financial year                          6,617         (48)             20          26        (244)           306      6,677
               Profit for the year                              -           -               -           -        435             59        494
               Other comprehensive
               income/(expense)                                 -           -            (19)           -        (12)               -       (31)
               Total comprehensive income for the
               year                                             -           -            (19)           -       423               59       463
               Transactions with owners in their
               capacity as owners
               Share-based remuneration                         -          (1)              -          3           (8)              -         (6)
               Dividends determined and paid                    -            -              -           -       (693)            (87)      (780)
               Dividends received on treasury shares
               held in trust                                    -           -               -           -          1                -         1
               Disposal of subsidiaries                         -           -               -           -           -             (1)        (1)
               Balance at the end of the financial year    6,617         (49)              1          29        (521)           277      6,354

               2019
               Balance at the beginning of the
               financial year                              7,082         (27)            (33)         29        (382)           272      6,941
               Profit for the year                              -           -               -           -      1,076             97      1,173
               Other comprehensive
               income/(expense)                                 -           -             53            -        (17)               -        36
               Total comprehensive income for the
               year                                             -           -             53            -      1,059              97     1,209
               Transactions with owners in their
               capacity as owners
               Off-market share buy-back, including
               transaction costs                            (465)           -               -            -           -               -    (465)
               Share-based remuneration                         -        (21)               -          (3)         (7)               -      (31)
               Dividends determined and paid                    -           -               -            -      (880)            (72)     (952)
               Investment in subsidiaries                       -           -               -            -         (1)            11         10
               Disposal of subsidiaries                         -           -               -            -           -             (2)        (2)
               Balance at the end of the financial year    6,617         (48)             20          26        (211)           306      6,710

               The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




               52 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020
                                                                                                         NOTE             2020         2019
                                                                                                                            $m           $m
               CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
               Premium received                                                                                         12,181        11,973
               Reinsurance and other recoveries received                                                                 4,170         3,442




For personal use only
               Claims costs paid                                                                                        (9,406)       (8,670)
               Outwards reinsurance premium expense paid                                                                (4,768)       (4,617)
               Dividends, interest and trust distributions received                                                        350           492
               Finance costs paid                                                                                           (90)          (88)
               Income taxes paid                                                                                          (234)         (406)
               Other operating receipts                                                                                  1,906         1,974
               Other operating payments                                                                                 (3,728)       (3,511)
               Net cash flows from operating activities                                                  8.1               381           589
               CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
               Net cash flows on disposal/(acquisition) of subsidiaries and associates                                      600          407
               Net cash flows from sale/(purchase) of investments and plant and equipment                                   968          668
               Net cash flows from investing activities                                                                   1,568        1,075
               CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
               Outlays for capital, including transaction costs                                                                  -      (465)
               Proceeds from borrowings, net of transaction costs                                                                -       447
               Repayment of borrowings                                                                                     (551)        (350)
               Principal element of lease payments                                                                           (74)            -
               Net cash flow from issue and redemption of trust units                                                         81            1
               Dividends paid to shareholders of the Parent                                                                (693)        (880)
               Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                   (87)         (72)
               Dividends received on treasury shares                                                                            1            -
               Net cash flows from financing activities                                                                  (1,323)      (1,319)
               Net movement in cash held                                                                                    626          345
               Effects of exchange rate changes on balances of cash held in foreign currencies                                 (2)          8
               Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year                                           1,698        1,345
               Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year                                8.1              2,322        1,698

               The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                           53
               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               1. OVERVIEW
               NOTE 1.1 INTRODUCTION
               The financial report is structured to provide prominence to the disclosures that are considered most relevant to the users'
               understanding of the operations, results and financial position of IAG.

               The financial report has been organised into the following sections:




For personal use only
               1. Overview – contains information that affects the financial report as a whole, as well as segment reporting disclosures.
               2. Insurance disclosures – financial statement disclosures considered most relevant to the core insurance activities.
               3. Risk – discusses IAG's exposure to various risks, explains how these affect IAG's financial position and performance and how
                  IAG seeks to manage and mitigate these risks.
               4. Capital structure – provides information about the capital management practices of IAG and related shareholder returns.
               5. Other balance sheet disclosures – discusses other balance sheet items such as goodwill and intangible assets, as well as
                  disclosures in relation to IAG's tax balances.
               6. Group structure – provides a summary of IAG's controlled entities and includes acquisition and divestment disclosure.
               7. Unrecognised items – disclosure of items not recognised in the financial statements at the balance date but which could
                  potentially have a significant impact on IAG's financial position and performance going forward.
               8. Additional disclosures – other disclosures required to comply with Australian Accounting Standards.




               54 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               NOTE 1.2 ABOUT THIS REPORT
               A. CORPORATE INFORMATION
               Insurance Australia Group Limited (Company or Parent), the ultimate parent entity in the Group, is a for-profit company,
               incorporated and domiciled in Australia and limited by shares publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX). Its
               registered office and principal place of business is Level 13, Tower Two, Darling Park, 201 Sussex Street, Sydney, NSW 2000,
               Australia. This financial report covers the consolidated financial statements for the Company and its subsidiaries (IAG or Group) for
               the year ended 30 June 2020.

               A description of the nature of IAG's operations and its principal activities is included in the Directors' Report.




For personal use only
               B. STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
               This general purpose financial report was authorised by the Board of Directors for issue on 7 August 2020 and complies with
               International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), the Corporations
               Act 2001, Australian Accounting Standards (AASBs) adopted by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB), other
               authoritative pronouncements of the AASB and the ASX Listing Rules.

               The current IFRS standard for insurance contracts does not include a comprehensive set of recognition and measurement criteria.
               The IASB has issued a new standard (IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts – adopted as AASB 17 Insurance Contracts in an Australian
               context) that does include such criteria, with the current effective date of 1 January 2021. However since issuing the standard, the
               IASB has agreed to delay the effective date to 1 January 2023. This amendment, along with a number of others, has been included
               in the final amendments to the standard which were issued on 25 June 2020, with a final standard published on 10 July 2020.
               Until this standard takes effect, the financial reports of insurers in different countries that comply with IFRS may not be comparable
               in terms of the recognition and measurement of insurance contracts.

               C. BASIS OF PREPARATION
               The financial statements have been prepared on the basis of historical cost principles, as modified by certain exceptions noted in
               the financial report, with the principal exceptions being the measurement of all investments and derivatives at fair value and the
               measurement of the outstanding claims liability and related reinsurance and other recoveries at present value. All values are
               rounded to the nearest million dollars, unless otherwise stated, in accordance with ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191.

               The balance sheet is prepared with the assets and liabilities presented broadly in order of liquidity. The assets and liabilities
               comprise both current amounts (expected to be recovered or settled within 12 months after the reporting date) and non-current
               amounts (expected to be recovered or settled more than 12 months after the reporting date).

               I. Basis of consolidation
               The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all entities controlled by the Company as at 30 June
               2020. A list of significant controlled entities is set out in Note 6.3. IAG controls an investee if it has (i) power over the investee; (ii)
               exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and (iii) the ability to use its power over the investee
               to affect the amount of those returns. Where an entity either began or ceased to be controlled during a financial year, the results
               are included from the date control commenced or up to the date control ceased. The financial information of all subsidiaries is
               prepared for consolidation for the same reporting year as the Parent. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, all inter-
               company balances and transactions, including income, expenses, and profits and losses resulting from intra-group transactions,
               have been eliminated.

               Where a subsidiary is less than wholly-owned, the equity interests held by external parties are presented separately as non-
               controlling interests on the consolidated balance sheet, except when presented as a liability where the subsidiary is a trust or
               similar entity. A change in ownership of a controlled entity that results in no gain or loss of control is accounted for as an equity
               transaction.

               II. Presentation and foreign currency
               The financial report is presented in Australian dollars, which is the functional currency of the Company. Foreign currency
               transactions are translated into Australian dollars using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary
               assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at reporting date are translated to Australian dollars using reporting date
               exchange rates. Resulting exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss.

               The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated to Australian dollars using reporting date exchange rates while equity
               items are translated using historical rates. The consolidated statement of comprehensive income and consolidated cash flow
               statement are translated using annual average rates for the reporting year. Exchange rate differences arising on translation are
               recorded directly in equity in the foreign currency translation reserve (FCTR). On the disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative
               amount of exchange differences deferred in the FCTR relating to that foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

               III. Reclassification of comparatives
               Certain items have been reclassified from IAG's prior year financial report to conform to the current year’s presentation basis. The
               reclassifications are:
                    reclassification of other trusts in the investment composition (refer to Note 2.3 for further details); and
                    reclassification of employee benefits provision (refer to Note 5.3 for further details).




                                                                                                                                                       55
               D. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES ADOPTED
               The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of this financial report have been applied consistently by all entities in IAG and
               are the same as those applied for the previous reporting year, unless otherwise stated. The financial statements of entities
               operating outside Australia that maintain accounting records in accordance with overseas accounting principles are adjusted where
               necessary to comply with the significant accounting policies of IAG. The significant accounting policies adopted in the preparation
               of this financial report are set out within the relevant note.

               I. Changes in accounting policies
               There were new Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations applicable for the current reporting year, with no material
               financial impact to IAG on adoption. Refer to Note 8.5 for further details.




For personal use only
               II. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
               In the process of applying the significant accounting policies, certain critical accounting estimates and assumptions are applied
               and judgements are made by management, the results of which affect the amounts recognised in the financial statements. The
               estimates and related assumptions are based on experience and other factors that are considered to be reasonable, and are
               reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which they are revised, and future
               periods if relevant. Details of the material estimates and judgements are set out within the relevant note, as outlined below:

                AREAS OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS                                                               REFERENCE
                Claims and reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims                                                      Note 2.2
                Liability adequacy test                                                                                                Note 2.4
                Intangible assets and goodwill impairment testing, initial measurement and useful life                                 Note 5.1
                Income tax and related assets and liabilities                                                                          Note 5.2
                Customer refund provision                                                                                              Note 5.3
                Investment in joint venture and associates impairment testing                                                          Note 6.5

               Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic
               The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has increased the estimation uncertainty in the preparation of these financial statements. The
               Group has developed various accounting estimates in these financial statements based on forecasts of economic conditions which
               reflect expectations and assumptions as at 30 June 2020 about future events that the Directors believe are reasonable in the
               circumstances. There is a considerable degree of judgement involved in preparing these forecasts. The underlying assumptions
               are also subject to uncertainties which are often outside the control of the Group. Accordingly, actual economic conditions may be
               different from those forecast since anticipated events may not occur as expected, and the effect of those differences may
               significantly impact accounting estimates included in these financial statements.

               The significant accounting estimates particularly impacted by these associated uncertainties are predominantly related to the
               valuation of the outstanding claims liability, recoverable amount assessments of non-financial assets, fair value measurement of
               investments and expected credit losses for both non-insurance and insurance-related receivables.

               The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on each of these accounting estimates is discussed further below. Readers should carefully
               consider these disclosures in light of the inherent uncertainty described above.

                   Outstanding claims liability
               IAG’s insurance portfolio has experienced several impacts as a result of COVID-19. There is a risk that the associated economic
               factors could be more severe than estimated and, as a result, the development of the claims over time could result in the ultimate
               cost of those claims being higher than the current outstanding claims liability established. The impact of COVID-19 on claims
               experience is expected to materially differ between classes of business and, for certain classes, potentially impact across more
               than one accident year. The motor portfolio has been impacted through favourable claim frequency as a result of mobility
               restrictions introduced in March 2020 to slow the spread of COVID-19. In respect of other classes of business, where the effect of
               COVID-19 on insurance liabilities is quantifiable and reflected in the data, the impact has been appropriately captured within the
               outstanding claims liability.

               Where potential COVID-19 claim impacts remain highly uncertain, IAG has recognised an additional net outstanding claims
               provision of $106 million in relation to its Australian business. This provision has been estimated on a probability-weighted basis
               and spans potential business interruption, landlords’ and other insurance class effects, including the estimated impact of an
               economic downturn on the future cost of settling long tail claims. The key consideration in respect of business interruption
               coverage is the legal challenge in relation to the interpretation of select contract wordings. Two issues have been identified by the
               Australian general insurance industry. The first relates to policy wordings that reference the Quarantine Act. The second relates to
               the application of prevention of access extensions in the context of a pandemic. These are industry-wide matters that are expected
               to be assessed through legal test cases over the coming months. Notwithstanding the view held by IAG and the general insurance
               industry, the litigation process can lead to unpredictable results.

               In establishing the COVID-19 specific element of the net outstanding claims liability, significant judgement has been exercised to
               derive an estimate of the probability-weighted view of potential future cash flows. Key areas of judgement relate to the exposure
               period, the estimation of potential economic loss, related key macroeconomic variables, reinsurance coverage and legal risk. Given
               the extent of the uncertainty being faced, the range of potential financial outcomes in relation to these matters is unusually wide.
               As a result, a substantial part of the provision reflects a risk margin. Refer to Note 2.2 for further details on the net outstanding
               claims liability.



               56 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               In addition to the element reflected in the net outstanding claims provision, any COVID-19 underwriting exposure related to
               unexpired risk has been incorporated within the estimation of premium liabilities and, as a result, in the calculation of the Group’s
               regulatory capital position. Refer to Note 2.4 for further details on adequacy of the unearned premium liability.

               The table below summarises the ways in which the various elements of the COVID-19 specific provisioning have been reflected
               within these financial statements. All values are calibrated to a 90% probability of adequacy (PoA) and are shown net of related
               reinsurance recoveries but before tax:

                                                         2020 DESCRIPTION                                                           REFERENCE
                                                           $m




For personal use only
               Net outstanding claims liability           106 Probability-weighted view across impacted classes of business (as       Note 2.2
                                                              described above). The majority of this provision relates to potential
                                                              business interruption exposure, and includes the related risk
                                                              margin.
               Net premium liabilities                    159 Present value of probability-weighted future cash flows that attach         Note 2.4
                                                              to the unearned premium liability. Not reflected in the balance             Note 3.1
                                                              sheet but factored into both the liability adequacy test and
                                                              regulatory capital calculation at 30 June 2020.
               Total insurance liabilities                265


                   Goodwill and intangible assets impairment
               The assumptions underpinning the value-in-use calculations used to evaluate the supportability of goodwill and intangible assets
               were adjusted to reflect reasonable estimates of the impact of COVID-19 and the increased risks associated with the estimated
               cash flows. Whilst there is no impairment in relation to any of the cash-generating units at 30 June 2020, there is a heightened
               level of uncertainty around key assumptions in the current environment. This has the potential to materially impact the value-in-use
               assessment moving forward and potentially the carrying value of the respective intangible assets and goodwill. Refer to Note 5.1
               for further details on goodwill and intangible assets.

                   Investment in joint venture and associates impairment
               The Group’s associate investment in Malaysia, AmGeneral, has seen some impacts associated with the COVID-19 pandemic,
               including favourable motor claims frequency and lower overall growth levels in line with reduced economic activity. In performing
               the impairment test at 30 June 2020, the Group has revised its future forecast cash flow estimates accordingly. Whilst no
               impairment has been identified at the balance date, future changes in local economic conditions and the broader operating
               environment have the potential to materially impact key assumptions. Refer to Note 6.5 for further details on investment in joint
               venture and associates.

                   Fair value measurement of investments
               IAG’s investments are designated at fair value through profit and loss, and for the vast majority of the investments, the fair value is
               determined based on observable market data. This measurement basis has not changed as a result of COVID-19.

               Where readily available market data is not available to determine fair value, then a mark-to-model approach is adopted. Judgement
               is required in both the selection of the model and inputs used. The investments which are subject to valuation using unobservable
               inputs are disclosed in the Group’s fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note 2.3 for further details on investments.

                   Expected credit losses
               The impact of COVID-19 on the recoverability of receivables from (re)insurance and non-insurance contracts have been considered.
               While the methodologies and assumptions applied in the base expected credit loss (ECL) calculations remained unchanged from
               those applied in the prior financial year, the Group has incorporated estimates, assumptions and judgements specific to the impact
               of the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated customer support packages provided. Whilst no material recoverability issues have
               been identified, there is a risk that the economic impacts of COVID-19 could be deeper or more prolonged than anticipated, which
               could result in higher credit losses than those modelled under the base case. Refer to Note 2.6 for further details on ECL.


               NOTE 1.3 SEGMENT REPORTING
               IAG has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by the Chief Executive Officer
               (being the chief operating decision maker) in assessing performance and determining the allocation of resources.

               A. REPORTABLE SEGMENTS
               IAG has general insurance operations in Australia and New Zealand, with the reportable segments for the period ended 30 June
               2020 comprising the following business divisions:

               I. Australia
               This segment provides general insurance products to individuals, families and businesses throughout Australia, primarily
               through the NRMA Insurance, SGIO, SGIC brands, the RACV brand in Victoria (via a distribution and underwriting relationship
               with RACV), the Coles Insurance brand (via a distribution agreement with Coles) and the CGU and WFI brands through
               intermediaries including brokers, authorised representatives and distribution partners.




                                                                                                                                                  57
               II. New Zealand
               This segment provides general insurance products underwritten in New Zealand. Insurance products are sold directly to
               customers predominantly under the State and AMI brands, and through intermediaries (insurance brokers and authorised
               representatives) primarily using the NZI and Lumley Insurance brands. General insurance products are also distributed by
               corporate partners, such as large financial institutions, using third party brands.

               III. Corporate and other
               This segment comprises other activities, including corporate services, capital management activity, shareholders’ funds
               investment activities, inward reinsurance from associates, investment in associates, and other businesses that offer products
               and services that are adjacent to IAG's insurance business. IAG’s captive reinsurance operation (captive) is a corporate
               function that acts as the interface between the external providers of reinsurance capital and the operating business divisions.




For personal use only
               IAG does not manage, or view, the captive as a separate business. Consequently, the operating results of the captive are
               systematically allocated to the operating business segments.

               B. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                              NEW CORPORATE
                                                                                                                      AUSTRALIA           ZEALAND AND OTHER                    TOTAL
                                                                                                                            $m                 $m        $m                      $m
               2020
               I. Financial performance
               Total external revenue(1)                                                                                    14,565            3,616              395         18,576
               Underwriting profit/(loss)                                                                                         48            311                 (9)           350
               Net investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                                                    126              19                   -           145
               Insurance profit/(loss)                                                                                          174             330                 (9)           495
               Net investment loss on shareholders' funds                                                                            -             -            (181)            (181)
               Share of net profit of associates                                                                                   (1)             -               58               57
               Finance costs                                                                                                         -             -              (92)             (92)
               Other net operating result                                                                                        (11)              -             267              256
               Total segment result from continuing operations                                                                  162             330                43            535
               Income tax expense                                                                                                                                                 (37)
               Profit for the year from continuing operations                                                                                                                    498

               II. Other segment information
               Capital expenditure(2)                                                                                               -                -           149             149
               Depreciation, amortisation and impairment expense                                                                137               58                2            197

               2019
               I. Financial performance
               Total external revenue(1)                                                                                    13,919            3,421              318         17,658
               Underwriting profit/(loss)                                                                                       560             354               (11)           903
               Net investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                                                    282              36                  3           321
               Insurance profit/(loss)                                                                                          842             390                 (8)        1,224
               Net investment income on shareholders' funds                                                                         -              -             227             227
               Share of net profit of associates                                                                                   2               -               40              42
               Finance costs                                                                                                        -              -              (94)            (94)
               Other net operating result                                                                                         (1)              -              (66)            (67)
               Total segment result from continuing operations                                                                  843             390                99          1,332
               Income tax expense                                                                                                                                               (363)
               Profit for the year from continuing operations                                                                                                                    969

               II. Other segment information
               Capital expenditure(2)                                                                                               -                -           123             123
               Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                            116               54                 -           170
               (1)      Total external revenue comprises gross earned premium, reinsurance and other recoveries, reinsurance commission revenue, investment income on assets backing
                        insurance liabilities, investment income on shareholders' funds, fee and other income and share of net profit/(loss) of associates.
               (2)      Capital expenditure includes acquisitions of property and equipment, intangibles and other non-current segment assets.




               58 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               2. INSURANCE DISCLOSURES
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section provides an overview of IAG's general insurance operations, which are the main driver of IAG's overall performance
               and financial position.

               IAG collects premium and recognises revenue for the insurance policies it underwrites. From this, IAG pays amounts to customers
               on settlement of insurance claims, with the claims expense representing the largest cost to IAG, as well as operating costs, which
               include the costs associated with obtaining and recording insurance contracts.




For personal use only
               To mitigate IAG's overall risk and optimise its return profile, IAG passes some of its underwriting exposure to third parties (primarily
               reinsurance companies). The premiums paid to reinsurers are an expense to IAG, whereas recoveries under the reinsurance
               contracts are recognised as revenue. These recoveries can either be in relation to operating costs (reinsurance commission) or
               underwriting risk (reinsurance recoveries).

               Investment activities are an integral part of the insurance business. The funds received from the collection of premium are
               invested as a key source of return for IAG under a sound investment philosophy. IAG starts investing insurance premiums as soon
               as they are collected and continues to generate returns until claims or other expenses are paid out.

               The underwriting result measures the profit (or loss) generated from underwriting activities in a given period. The insurance
               result, which is a key performance metric, adds the net investment return to the underwriting result to derive the overall pre-tax
               profit (or loss) from insurance operations.


               NOTE 2.1 GENERAL INSURANCE REVENUE
                                                                                                                                2020           2019
                                                                                                                                  $m             $m
               A. COMPOSITION
               Gross written premium                                                                                          11,985         12,005
               Movement in unearned premium liability                                                                             29             (63)
               Gross earned premium                                                                                           12,014         11,942
               Reinsurance and other recoveries revenue                                                                        4,701          3,849
               Reinsurance commission revenue                                                                                  1,201          1,128
               Total general insurance revenue                                                                                17,916         16,919

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               I. Premium revenue
               Premiums written are earned through the profit or loss in line with the incidence of the pattern of risk. The majority of premium is
               earned according to the passage of time (e.g. for a one-year policy, 1/365th of premium written will be earned each day).

               II. Reinsurance and other recoveries
               The recognition and measurement criteria for reinsurance and other recoveries revenue is referred to in Note 2.2.

               III. Reinsurance commission revenue
               Reinsurance commission revenue includes reimbursements by reinsurers to cover a share of IAG’s operating costs and, where
               applicable, fee income which reinsurers pay for accessing IAG's franchise. These income items are recognised broadly in line with
               the reference premium over the term of the reinsurance agreements. Where applicable, the reinsurance commission revenue also
               includes income which is based on the expected profitability of the covered business ceded to the reinsurer. The final value of the
               variable commission revenue recognised is subject to the achievement of a specified underlying profitability hurdle rate over time.
               This variable revenue is recognised over the term of the reinsurance contract on a straight-line, or other systematic basis, in
               accordance with the terms of the contract, and is reassessed at each reporting date.




                                                                                                                                                   59
               NOTE 2.2 CLAIMS AND REINSURANCE AND OTHER RECOVERIES ON OUTSTANDING CLAIMS
               A. NET CLAIMS EXPENSE
                                                                                                  2020                                           2019
                                                               CURRENT               PRIOR                  CURRENT           PRIOR
                                                                   YEAR              YEARS       TOTAL         YEAR           YEARS              TOTAL
                                                                      $m                 $m         $m            $m             $m                 $m
               Gross claims – undiscounted                        9,790               (252)      9,538        8,826            (779)             8,047
               Discount                                              (22)              195         173           (52)           473                421
               Gross claims – discounted                          9,768                 (57)     9,711        8,774            (306)             8,468




For personal use only
               Reinsurance and other recoveries –
               undiscounted                                        (4,563)              (24)    (4,587)        (3,864)           325         (3,539)
               Discount                                                11             (125)       (114)            28           (338)          (310)
               Reinsurance and other recoveries –
               discounted                                          (4,552)            (149)     (4,701)        (3,836)            (13)       (3,849)
               Net claims expense                                   5,216             (206)      5,010          4,938           (319)         4,619

               B. NET OUTSTANDING CLAIMS LIABILITY
               I. Composition of net outstanding claims liability
                                                                                                                               2020           2019
                                                                                                                                 $m             $m
               Gross central estimate – discounted                                                                             8,052          7,870
               Reinsurance and other recoveries – discounted                                                                  (4,637)        (4,426)
               Net central estimate – discounted                                                                               3,415          3,444
               Claims handling costs – discounted                                                                                363            355
               Risk margin                                                                                                       737            718
               Net outstanding claims liability – discounted                                                                   4,515          4,517

               The gross outstanding claims liability includes $5,707 million (2019: $5,532 million) which is expected to be settled more than 12
               months from the reporting date.

               The carrying value of reinsurance and other recoveries includes $3,476 million (2019: $3,227 million) which is expected to be
               settled more than 12 months from the reporting date.

               II. Reconciliation of movements in net discounted outstanding claims liability
                                                                                                                               2020          2019
                                                                                                                                  $m            $m
               Net outstanding claims liability at the beginning of the financial year                                         4,517         4,988
               Movement in the prior year central estimate                                                                         16         (116)
               Current year claims incurred, net of reinsurance and other recoveries                                           4,912         4,611
               Claims paid, net of reinsurance and other recoveries received                                                  (5,010)       (5,111)
               Movement in discounting                                                                                             72          143
               Movement in risk margin                                                                                             21           (20)
               Net foreign currency movements                                                                                     (13)           22
               Net outstanding claims liability at the end of the financial year                                               4,515         4,517
               Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims liability                                                6,069         5,779
               Gross outstanding claims liability at the end of the financial year                                            10,584        10,296

               III. Maturity analysis
               Refer to Note 3.1 for details of the maturity profile of the estimated net discounted outstanding claims liability based on the
               remaining term to payment at the reporting date.

               IV. Development table
               Claims will often take a number of years to be settled from the date the original loss occurred. The following table shows the
               development of the net undiscounted ultimate claims estimate for the ten most recent accident years and a reconciliation to the
               net discounted outstanding claims liability. This table provides the user with an overview of how IAG's estimates of total claim
               amounts payable in relation to a given year have evolved over time. If the estimate of ultimate claims in relation to a given
               accident year declines over time, this suggests claims have developed more favourably than was anticipated at the time the original
               reserving assumptions were set.




               60 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               Where an entity or business that includes an outstanding claims liability has been acquired, the claims for the acquired businesses
               are included in the claims development table from and including the year of acquisition. The outstanding claims liability includes
               international operations. For ease of comparison within the claims development table, all payments not denominated in Australian
               dollars have been converted to Australian dollars using the applicable exchange rates at the reporting dates. Therefore, the claims
               development table disclosed each reporting year cannot be reconciled directly to the equivalent tables presented in previous years'
               financial statements.
               In the 2018 financial year, IAG announced the sale of its consolidated businesses in Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia with the sale
               of its Thailand operations completing in the prior financial year and its Indonesian operations in the current financial year. The
               development table below includes claims related to the Thailand and Indonesian operations up to the 2018 and 2019 accident
               year, respectively, but not beyond. Claims related to Vietnam are included up to the 2020 accident year and any outstanding




For personal use only
               claims relating to this business have been treated as paid in the table below within item (1).

                                                                                                                                      ACCIDENT YEAR
                                     2010
                                       and
                                      prior  2011          2012      2013     2014     2015      2016     2017     2018      2019      2020    Total
                                       $m       $m           $m        $m       $m       $m        $m       $m       $m        $m        $m     $m
               NET ULTIMATE CLAIM PAYMENTS
               Development
               At end of accident
               year                          5,065         5,278     5,217    5,653    6,348     5,010    5,317    4,536     3,968    4,239
               One year later                5,177         5,351     5,142    5,658    6,270     4,963    5,263    4,449     4,031
               Two years later               5,217         5,291     5,061    5,571    6,206     4,904    5,227    4,439
               Three years later             5,248         5,201     4,981    5,430    6,089     4,842    5,234
               Four years later              5,450         5,149     4,901    5,361    6,086     4,848
               Five years later              5,518         5,089     4,882    5,343    6,074
               Six years later               5,531         5,078     4,884    5,315
               Seven years later             5,625         5,092     4,866
               Eight years later             5,626         5,091
               Nine years later              5,608
               Current estimate of
               net ultimate claim
               payments                      5,608         5,091     4,866    5,315    6,074     4,848    5,234    4,439     4,031    4,239
               Cumulative payments
               made to date(1)               5,542         5,031     4,804    5,221    5,935     4,648    4,961    4,054     3,546    2,737
               Net undiscounted
               outstanding claims
               liability              178       66            60       62        94      139      200      273      385       485     1,502    3,444
               Discount to present
               value                     (2)     (1)           (1)      (1)      (1)       (2)      (2)      (3)       (3)      (5)      (8)     (29)
               Net discounted
               outstanding claims
               liability              176       65            59       61        93      137      198      270      382       480     1,494    3,415
               Reconciliation
               Claims handling costs                                                                                                             363
               Risk margin                                                                                                                       737
               Net outstanding claims liability                                                                                                4,515

               C. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               I. Outstanding claims liability and claims expense
               Claims expense represents the sum of claim payments and the movement in the closing outstanding claims liability from one
               financial period to the next. Current year claims relate to loss events that occurred during the current financial year. Prior year
               claims represent the movement on the estimates held for claims that occurred in all previous financial periods.

               The outstanding claims liability is determined based on three building blocks:
                  a central estimate of the future cash flows;
                  discounting for the effect of the time value of money; and
                  adding a risk margin for uncertainty.




                                                                                                                                                     61
               a. CENTRAL ESTIMATE OF THE FUTURE CASH FLOWS
               The outstanding claims liability is measured as the central estimate of the expected future payments relating to claims incurred
               prior to the reporting date including direct and indirect claims handling costs. The liability is measured based on the advice and/or
               valuations performed by, or under the direction of, the Appointed Actuary, and is intended to contain no deliberate or conscious
               bias toward over or under-estimation. Given the uncertainty in establishing the liability, it is likely that the final outcome will differ
               from the original liability established. Changes in claim estimates are recognised in profit or loss in the reporting year in which the
               estimates are changed.

               b. DISCOUNTING
               Projected future claim payments, both gross and net of reinsurance and other recoveries and associated claims handling costs, are
               discounted to a present value using risk free discount rates (derived from market yields on government securities) to reflect the




For personal use only
               time value of money.

               c. RISK MARGIN
               Given the uncertainty inherent in estimating future claim payments, it is considered appropriate to add a risk margin to the central
               estimate of expected future claim payments. The risk margin represents the amount by which the liability recognised in the
               financial statements is greater than the actuarial central estimate. IAG currently applies a 90% probability of adequacy to the
               outstanding claims liability. In effect this means there is approximately a 1-in-10 chance all future claim payments will exceed the
               overall reserve held.

               Uncertainties surrounding the liability estimation process include those relating to the available data, actuarial models and
               assumptions, the statistical uncertainty associated with a general insurance claims run-off process, and risks external to IAG, for
               example the impact of potential future legislative reform. Uncertainty from these sources is examined for each class of business
               and expressed as a volatility measure relative to the net central estimate. The volatility measure for each class is derived after
               consideration of statistical modelling and benchmarking to industry analyses. Certain product classes may be subject to the
               emergence of new types of latent claims, and such uncertainties are considered when setting the volatility and hence the risk
               margin appropriate for those classes.

               Long-tail classes of business generally have the highest volatilities for outstanding claims as the longer average time for claims to
               be reported and settled allows more time for sources of uncertainty to emerge. Short-tail classes generally have lower levels of
               volatility for outstanding claims.

               IAG benefits from holding a portfolio diversified into many classes of business across different regions. The risk margin required to
               provide a given probability of adequacy for two or more classes of business or for two or more geographic locations combined is
               likely to be less than the sum of risk margins for the individual classes. This reflects the benefit of diversification. The level of
               diversification assumed between classes takes into account industry analysis, historical experience and the judgement of
               experienced and qualified actuaries.

               The current risk margin and resultant overall probability of adequacy for the outstanding claims, which has been determined after
               assessing the inherent uncertainty in the central estimate, diversification and risks in the prevailing environment, is set out below:

                                                                                                                                  2020           2019
                                                                                                                                     %              %
               The percentage risk margin applied to the net outstanding claims liability                                           20             19
               The probability of adequacy of the risk margin                                                                       90              90

               A key driver of the increased percentage in the risk margin was the inclusion of COVID-19 specific effects.

               II. Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims
               Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims are recognised as income with the corresponding asset being recognised
               on the balance sheet. Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims are measured at the present value (discounted
               using appropriate risk free discount rates) of the expected future receipts due as a result of the reinsurance protection that IAG has
               in place. The reporting date balance also includes the net goods and services tax (GST) receivable on outstanding claims.




               62 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               D. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
               I. Outstanding claims liability
               The estimation of the outstanding claims liability involves a number of key assumptions and is the most critical accounting
               estimate. The process involves using IAG's specific data, relevant industry data and general economic data. Each class of business
               is usually examined separately, and the process involves consideration of a large number of factors, including the risks to which the
               business is exposed at a point in time, claim frequencies and average claim sizes, historical trends in the incidence and
               development of claims reported and finalised, as well as legal, social and economic factors that may affect each class of business.

               In establishing the COVID-19 specific element of the net outstanding claims liability, significant management judgement has been
               applied to derive a reasonable estimate of the probability-weighted view of potential future cash flows. Key areas of judgement
               relate to the exposure period, the estimation of potential economic loss, related key macroeconomic variables (including




For personal use only
               unemployment), reinsurance coverage and legal risk. Given the extent of the uncertainty we are facing, the range of potential
               financial outcomes in relation to these matters is unusually wide. All related uncertainties have been factored into our probability-
               weighting when estimating the provision. For further details on the impact from COVID-19 refer to Note 1.2.

               The following ranges of key actuarial assumptions were used in the measurement of outstanding claims and recoveries, where
               appropriate, within the operating segments at the reporting date.

               ASSUMPTION                                                                                   AUSTRALIA                NEW ZEALAND
               2020
               Discounted average term to settlement                                                       1.97 years                    0.92 years
               Inflation rate                                                                                0.0-4.3%                          0.9%
               Superimposed inflation rate                                                                   0.0-5.0%                          0.0%
               Discount rate                                                                                 0.2-3.5%                      0.0-1.4%
               Claims handling costs ratio                                                                       4.3%                          5.0%

               2019
               Discounted average term to settlement                                                       2.06 years                    1.03 years
               Inflation rate                                                                                0.0-4.3%                          2.2%
               Superimposed inflation rate                                                                   0.0-5.0%                          0.0%
               Discount rate                                                                                 0.9-3.5%                      1.5-2.2%
               Claims handling costs ratio                                                                       4.4%                          4.9%

               a. DISCOUNTED AVERAGE TERM TO SETTLEMENT
               The discounted average term to settlement provides a summary indication of the expected future cash flow pattern for claims
               (inflated and discounted). It is calculated by class of business and is generally based on historical settlement patterns. A decrease
               in the discounted average term to settlement would reflect claims being paid sooner than anticipated and so would increase the
               claims expense. Note that this sensitivity test only extends or shortens the term of the payments assumed in the valuation, without
               changing the total nominal amount of the payments.

               b. INFLATION RATE AND SUPERIMPOSED INFLATION
               Payments of claims outstanding at the reporting date are to be made in the future and so need to take account of expected
               increases in the underlying cost of final claim settlements due to inflationary pressures. Economic inflation assumptions are set by
               reference to current economic indicators. Superimposed inflation tends to occur due to wider societal trends such as the cost of
               court settlements increasing at a faster rate than the economic inflation rate.

               c. DISCOUNT RATE
               An increase or decrease in the assumed discount rate will have a corresponding decrease or increase (respectively) on the claims
               expense recognised in the profit or loss.

               d. CLAIMS HANDLING COSTS RATIO
               This reflects the cost to administer future claims. The ratio is generally calculated with reference to the historical experience of
               claims handling costs as a percentage of past payments, together with budgeted future costs.

               II. Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims
               The measurement of reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims is an inherently uncertain process involving
               estimates. The amounts are generally calculated using actuarial assumptions and methods similar to those used for the
               outstanding claims liability, with appropriate consideration of the credit risk of the counterparty. Accordingly, the valuation of
               outstanding reinsurance recoveries is subject to largely similar risks and uncertainties as the valuation of the related outstanding
               claims liability. Significant individual losses, for example those relating to catastrophe events, are analysed on a case-by-case
               basis.




                                                                                                                                                      63
               E. SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS
               The impact on the divisional net outstanding claims liabilities (net of reinsurance recoveries) before income tax to changes in key
               actuarial assumptions is summarised below. Each change has been calculated in isolation of the other changes, and without
               regard to other balance sheet changes that may occur simultaneously. The movements are stated in absolute terms where the
               base assumption is a percentage or average term.

                                                                                                             MOVEMENT IN
                                                                                                              ASSUMPTION                         AUSTRALIA                  NEW ZEALAND
                                                                                                                                                       $m                            $m
               2020




For personal use only
               Discounted average term to settlement                                                                     +10%                               (4)                        -
                                                                                                                          -10%                               4                         -
               Inflation rate                                                                                              +1%                             75                         4
                                                                                                                            -1%                           (72)                       (4)
               Discount rate                                                                                               +1%                            (75)                       (4)
                                                                                                                            -1%                            80                         5
               Claims handling costs ratio                                                                                 +1%                             92                         7
                                                                                                                            -1%                           (92)                       (7)

               2019
               Discounted average term to settlement                                                                     +10%                               (9)                      (1)
                                                                                                                          -10%                               9                        1
               Inflation rate                                                                                              +1%                             79                         4
                                                                                                                            -1%                           (76)                       (4)
               Discount rate                                                                                               +1%                            (79)                       (4)
                                                                                                                            -1%                            84                         4
               Claims handling costs ratio                                                                                 +1%                             88                         6
                                                                                                                            -1%                           (88)                       (6)


               NOTE 2.3 INVESTMENTS
                                                                                                                                                                   2020           2019
                                                                                                                                                                     $m             $m

               A. INVESTMENT INCOME
               Dividend revenue                                                                                                                                       29             49
               Interest revenue                                                                                                                                      200           301
               Trust revenue                                                                                                                                          56             50
               Realised net losses                                                                                                                                  (102)           (35)
               Unrealised net (losses)/gains                                                                                                                        (185)          221
               Total investment (loss)/income                                                                                                                          (2)         586
               Represented by
               Investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                                                                                             162           339
               Investment (loss)/income on shareholders’ funds                                                                                                      (164)          247
                                                                                                                                                                       (2)         586

               B. INVESTMENT COMPOSITION
               I. Interest-bearing investments
               Cash and short-term money                                                                                                                           1,893          1,121
               Government and semi-government bonds                                                                                                                  566            664
               Corporate bonds and notes                                                                                                                           5,427          5,554
               Subordinated securities                                                                                                                               682          1,086
               Other                                                                                                                                                 376            279
                                                                                                                                                                   8,944          8,704
               II. Growth investments*
               Equity investments                                                                                                                                  1,068          1,970

               III. Other investments
               Derivatives                                                                                                                                            88             10
               Total investments                                                                                                                                  10,100         10,684
               *        Growth investments include exposure to listed and unlisted equities, global convertible bonds, higher-yielding credit strategies and hedge funds.



               64 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               For further details on the impact from COVID-19 refer to Note 1.2.


               C. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Investment revenue is brought to account on an accruals basis. Revenue on investments in equity securities and property trusts is
               deemed to accrue on the date the dividends/distributions are declared, which for listed equity securities is deemed to be the ex-
               dividend date.

               Investments comprise assets held to back insurance liabilities (policyholder funds that represent assets available for future
               settlement of outstanding claims) and assets that represent shareholders' funds. The investment funds themselves are
               predominantly generated from the collection of insurance premiums. The allocation of investments between policyholder funds




For personal use only
               and shareholders' funds is regularly monitored and the portfolio rebalanced accordingly. To determine the allocation, IAG’s
               investment funds under management are compared to the technical provisions of IAG, which include insurance liabilities. The
               policyholder funds are allocated to back the technical provisions, with the excess representing shareholders' funds.

               All investments are designated at fair value through profit or loss. Investments are recorded and subsequently remeasured to fair
               value at each reporting date. Changes in the fair value are recognised as realised or unrealised investment gains or losses in profit
               or loss. IAG recognises transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels (described below) as at the end of the
               reporting year. Purchases and sales of investments are recognised on a trade date basis, being the date on which a commitment is
               made to purchase or sell the asset. Transaction costs for purchases of investments are expensed as incurred. Investments are
               derecognised when the rights to receive future cash flows from the assets have expired, or have been transferred, and substantially
               all the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred.

               The inputs used to determine the fair value for securities recognised under each level of the fair value hierarchy is set out below.

               I. Level 1 quoted prices
               The fair value is determined by reference to quoted prices (mid-market) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. For
               IAG, this category includes government securities and listed equities.

               II. Level 2 other observable inputs
               The fair value is determined by reference to quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities or by reference to other
               significant inputs that are not quoted prices but are based on observable market data, for example interest rate yield curves
               observable at commonly quoted intervals. For IAG, this category primarily includes corporate and other fixed interest securities
               where the market is considered to be lacking sufficient depth to be considered active. There have been no significant transfers
               between Level 1 and Level 2 during the current and prior financial periods.

               III. Level 3 unobservable inputs
               The fair value is determined using valuation techniques in which a number of the significant inputs are not based on observable
               market data. Level 3 investments are primarily invested in interest-bearing instruments and unlisted equity held via unlisted trusts.
               The fair value of these unlisted trusts is based on the net asset value as advised by the external investment manager of these
               funds who has responsibility for the valuation of the underlying securities. The investment manager may use various valuation
               techniques in the determination of fair value based on a range of internal, external and third party inputs where available. This
               category also includes IAG's unlisted equity interest in Bohai Property Insurance Company Limited (Bohai). The fair value of Bohai
               is supported by comparable industry transaction multiples observed in the local market. During the current financial year, in
               addition to changes in fair value, movements in level 3 investments included:
                    purchases of $172 million (2019: $369 million) and sales of $63 million (2019: $133 million) in interest-bearing instruments;
                    purchases of $139 million (2019: $94 million) in unlisted equity with $23 million sales in the current financial year (2019: nil);
                     and
                    there have been no significant transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 during the current and prior financial periods.

               The table below separates the total investment balance by hierarchy category:

                                                                                     LEVEL 1            LEVEL 2            LEVEL 3              TOTAL
                                                                                         $m                 $m                 $m                 $m
               2020
               Interest-bearing investments                                             3,001             5,567                376             8,944
               Growth investments                                                         361               274                433             1,068
               Other investments                                                             -               88                   -               88
                                                                                        3,362             5,929                809            10,100
               2019
               Interest-bearing investments                                             2,256             6,169                279             8,704
               Growth investments                                                       1,051               505                414             1,970
               Other investments                                                             -               10                   -               10
                                                                                        3,307             6,684                693            10,684




                                                                                                                                                     65
               NOTE 2.4 UNEARNED PREMIUM LIABILITY
                                                                                                                                2020            2019
                                                                                                                                  $m              $m
               A. RECONCILIATION OF MOVEMENTS
               Unearned premium liability at the beginning of the financial year                                                6,334           6,217
               Deferral of premiums written during the financial year                                                           6,236           6,147
               Earning of premiums written in previous financial years                                                         (6,265)         (6,084)
               Net foreign exchange movements                                                                                      (29)            54
                                                                                                                                6,276           6,334




For personal use only
               Unearned premium liability at the end of the financial year
               The carrying value of unearned premium liability includes $45 million (2019: $69 million) which is expected to be earned more than
               12 months from reporting date.

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Unearned premium is the portion of premium income that has yet to be recognised in the profit or loss (i.e. unexpired portion for
               risks underwritten) and is calculated based on the term of the risk and in accordance with the expected pattern of the incidence of
               risk underwritten, using an appropriate pro-rata method.

               C. ADEQUACY OF UNEARNED PREMIUM LIABILITY
               I. Liability adequacy test (LAT)
               The LAT assesses the adequacy of the carrying amount of the net unearned premium liability to settle future claims. To determine
               if any deficiency exists, estimates of future claim costs (premium liabilities net of reinsurance) are compared to the unearned
               premium liability (net of reinsurance and related deferred acquisition costs). If the future claim costs exceed the net premium
               liabilities, then a deficiency exists. Any deficiency is recognised immediately in profit or loss, with the corresponding impact on the
               balance sheet recognised first through the write-down of deferred acquisition costs for the relevant portfolio of contracts and then
               through the establishment of a provision (unexpired risk liability).

               The LAT is required to be conducted at the level of a portfolio of contracts that are subject to broadly similar risks and that are
               managed together as a single portfolio. IAG defines 'broadly similar risks' at a level where policies are affected by one or more
               common risk factors, including natural peril events, general weather conditions, economic conditions, inflationary movements,
               legal and regulatory changes as well as legislative reforms, reinsurance cost changes and variation in other input costs. IAG
               defines 'managed together' at a segment level as the respective divisional CEOs collectively manage the entire portfolio within their
               control. The LAT is currently performed at the segment level for Australia and New Zealand.

               The LAT at reporting date resulted in a surplus (2019: surplus), with the table below providing details of the net premium liabilities
               (net of reinsurance and adjusted for appropriate risk margin) used in the LAT:

                                                                                                                                2020            2019
                                                                                                                                   $m              $m
               Net central estimate of present value of expected cash flows on future claims                                    2,875           2,783
               Risk margin of the present value of expected future cash flows                                                      70              67
                                                                                                                                2,945           2,850
               Risk margin percentage                                                                                            2.4%           2.4%
               Probability of adequacy                                                                                          60.0%          60.0%
               A key driver of the year-on-year increase in the premium liabilities net of reinsurance was the inclusion of COVID-19 specific effects.

               II. Significant accounting estimates and judgements
               The LAT is conducted using the central estimate of the premium liabilities, applying a methodology consistent for reporting to APRA,
               which requires an estimation of the present value of future net cash flows (relating to future claims arising from the rights and
               obligations under current general insurance contracts) and adjusted for an appropriate risk margin for uncertainty in the central
               estimate for each portfolio of contracts. The test is based on prospective information and so is heavily dependent on assumptions
               and judgements.
               The risk margin used in the LAT for individual portfolios is calculated by using a probability of adequacy (POA) methodology including
               diversification benefit, which is consistent with that used for the determination of the risk margin for the outstanding claims
               liability, based on assessments of the levels of risk in each portfolio. The 60% POA represented by the LAT differs from the 90%
               POA represented by the outstanding claims liability as the former is in effect an impairment test used only to test the sufficiency of
               net unearned premium liabilities, whereas the latter is a measurement accounting policy used in determining the carrying value of
               the outstanding claims liability. The process used to determine the risk margin, including the way in which diversification of risks
               has been allowed for, is explained in Note 2.2.




               66 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               NOTE 2.5 DEFERRED INSURANCE EXPENSES
                                                                             DEFERRED ACQUISITION                      DEFERRED OUTWARDS                             TOTAL DEFERRED
                                                                                         COSTS(1)                   REINSURANCE EXPENSE(2)                      INSURANCE EXPENSES
                                                                                2020        2019                         2020       2019                          2020         2019
                                                                                  $m           $m                          $m         $m                            $m           $m
               A. RECONCILIATION OF MOVEMENTS
               At the beginning of the financial
               year                                                                    928                949               2,523              2,494               3,451               3,443
               Costs deferred                                                        1,928              1,832               4,803              4,704               6,731               6,536




For personal use only
               Amortisation charged to profit                                       (1,884)            (1,862)             (4,776)            (4,704)             (6,660)             (6,566)
               Net foreign exchange movements                                            (5)                9                  (16)               29                  (21)                38
               Deferred costs at the end of the
               financial year                                                          967                 928              2,534              2,523               3,501               3,451
               (1)      The carrying value of deferred acquisition costs includes $4 million (2019: $9 million) which is expected to be amortised more than 12 months from reporting date.
               (2)      The carrying value of deferred outwards reinsurance expense includes $24 million (2019: $43 million) which is expected to be amortised more than 12 months from
                        reporting date.

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               I. Acquisition costs
               Acquisition costs are incurred in obtaining and recording general insurance contracts, which include advertising expenses,
               commission or brokerage paid to agents or brokers, premium collection costs, risk assessment costs and other administrative
               costs. These costs are initially capitalised and then expensed in line with the earning pattern of the related premium. Deferred
               acquisition costs at the reporting date represent the acquisition costs relating to unearned premium.
               II. Outwards reinsurance expense
               Premium ceded to reinsurers is recognised as an expense in accordance with the pattern of reinsurance service received. The
               outwards reinsurance premium relating to unearned premium is treated as a prepayment at the reporting date.

               NOTE 2.6 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                                                                                   2020               2019
                                                                                                                                                                     $m                 $m
               A. COMPOSITION
               I. Premium receivable
               Gross premium receivable                                                                                                                           3,763               3,784
               Provision for impairment                                                                                                                              (44)                (37)
               Net premium receivable                                                                                                                             3,719               3,747
               II. Trade and other receivables(1)
               Reinsurance recoveries on paid claims                                                                                                                275                  82
               Loan to associate(2)                                                                                                                                 100                 102
               Investment-related receivables                                                                                                                        96                 135
               Trade and other debtors                                                                                                                              229                 104
               Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                          700                 423
                                                                                                                                                                  4,419               4,170
               (1)      Other than the loan to associates, receivables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled between 30 days and 12 months. The balance has not been discounted
                        as the time value of money effect is not material. The net carrying amount of receivables is a reasonable approximation of the fair value of the assets due to the short-
                        term nature of the assets.
               (2)      This loan is denominated in Malaysian ringgit and has a fixed term of 15 years from 21 September 2012. A cumulative preference dividend of 1% is payable annually.
                        The loan relates to IAG's increased investment in AmGeneral to acquire Kurnia during the financial year ended 30 June 2013.

               For further details on the impact from COVID-19 refer to Note 1.2.

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Trade and other receivables are measured at amortised cost reflecting the net recoverable amounts inclusive of GST. The amounts
               are discounted where the time value of money effect is material.

               On initial recognition of trade and other receivables an assessment of lifetime expected credit losses is performed based on
               historical credit loss experience adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.
               Amounts are then provided for where required with the impairment charge recognised in profit or loss. These lifetime expected
               credit losses are then assessed on an ongoing basis. Balances are written off when IAG has stopped pursuing the recovery. If the
               amount to be written off is greater than the amount provided for, the difference will first be treated as an increase in the provision
               that is applied against the gross carrying amount. Any subsequent recoveries are credited to profit or loss. The receivables that
               were written off during the reporting period were insignificant, and therefore there has been no change to the provision for
               expected credit losses associated with trade and other receivables. Receivables from insurance and reinsurance contracts are not
               required to be assessed for expected credit losses under AASB 9, however amounts are provided for where appropriate. Refer to
               Note 3.1 for further details.


                                                                                                                                                                                           67
               NOTE 2.7 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                                                                                    2020               2019
                                                                                                                                                                      $m                 $m
               A. COMPOSITION
               I. Reinsurance premium payable(1)                                                                                                                   1,110              1,213
               II.   Trade creditors(2)
               Commissions payable                                                                                                                                    243                269
               Stamp duty payable                                                                                                                                     135                132




For personal use only
               GST payable on premium receivable                                                                                                                      185                182
               Other                                                                                                                                                  360                398
                                                                                                                                                                      923                981
               III. Other payables(2)
               Other creditors and accruals                                                                                                                          676                437
               Investment creditors                                                                                                                                   89                 45
               Interest payable on interest-bearing liabilities                                                                                                        2                  4
                                                                                                                                                                     767                486
                                                                                                                                                                   2,800              2,680
               (1)      IAG has a right of offset and settles on a net basis under the 20% quota share agreement with National Indemnity Company, a Berkshire Hathaway (BH) company, and
                        under the combined 12.5% quota share agreements with Munich Re, Swiss Re and Hannover Re. This balance includes reinsurance premium payable to BH of $1,191
                        million (2019: $1,202 million) and the combined 12.5% quota share agreement counterparties of $757 million (2019: $756 million), which have been offset with
                        receivables due from BH of $775 million (2019: $694 million) and the combined 12.5% quota share agreement counterparties of $420 million (2019: $375 million),
                        respectively. The relevant cash flows pertaining to the contracts have been presented on a gross basis within the cash flow statement.
               (2)      Trade and other payables are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are normally settled within 30 days to 12 months. Amounts have not been discounted because the
                        time value of money effect is not material. The carrying amount of payables is a reasonable approximation of the fair value of the liabilities because of the short- term
                        nature of the liabilities.

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Trade and other payables are stated at the fair value of the consideration to be paid in the future for goods and services received,
               inclusive of GST. The amounts are discounted where the time value of money effect is material.

               3. RISK
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section provides an overview of IAG's approach to risk and capital management.
               IAG is exposed to multiple risks relating to the conduct of its business. IAG does not seek to avoid all risks, but rather to assess
               them in a systematic, structured and timely manner against IAG’s Risk Appetite Statement, delegations, authorities and limits, and
               seeks to manage them appropriately in alignment with IAG's strategy. Risk management arrangements are designed to reflect the
               scope, scale and complexity of IAG's activities, and where appropriate, capital is held to support these activities.
               IAG uses an enterprise-wide approach to risk that includes the following risk categories:
                   Strategic
                   Customer
                   Insurance
                   Reinsurance
                   Market
                   Credit
                   Liquidity
                   Capital
                   Operational
                   Regulatory and compliance
                   Culture and conduct
               The risk categories, their definition and structured arrangements for their management are included in IAG's Risk Management
               Strategy (RMS). Risks rarely exist, nor should be considered, in isolation. The interconnectivity of IAG's material risks is
               understood and managed. Key risks and their potential impact, likelihood, interconnectedness and velocity are considered in
               IAG's Enterprise Risk Profile (ERP).

               NOTE 3.1 RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
               A. RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW
               The Board has responsibility for setting the risk appetite within which it expects management to operate and approves IAG’s Risk
               Appetite Statement and Risk Management Strategy. The Risk Committee assists the Board to discharge its risk management and
               compliance responsibilities, oversight of risk management, oversight of the implementation and operation of the Group’s risk
               management and governance frameworks and provides advice to the Executives and Board. The Risk Committee also monitors the
               effectiveness of the Risk Management function. The Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO) oversees risk management practices across
               IAG. The Group CRO is supported by the Group Risk Function and by other subject matter experts including the Chief Actuary, Chief
               Underwriting Officer and EGM Capital Markets. The Group CRO provides regular reports to the Risk Committee on the operation of
               the Risk Management Framework (RMF), the status of material risks, risk and compliance incidents and risk framework changes.
               68 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               The RMF is in place to assist the Board and senior executive management in managing risk. The RMF is the totality of systems,
               structures, policies, processes and people within IAG that identify, measure, evaluate, monitor, report and control or mitigate all
               internal and external sources of material risk. The RMF supports management by:
                   providing a consistent, structured approach to identifying and managing risk across the Group;
                   having appropriate policies, procedures and controls in place to effectively manage risks;
                   providing meaningful reporting to the Board to make informed business decisions;
                   ensuring adequate oversight of the risk profile; and
                   facilitating a strong risk culture.

               IAG's documented RMS describes the group-wide RMF and how it is implemented, including risk appetite (i.e. the levels, boundaries




For personal use only
               and nature of risk the organisation is willing to accept), the risk categories used, the major risk management processes, and the
               roles and responsibilities for managing risk. The RMS is a Board-approved document which directly supports the Group’s strategic
               intent, purpose, values and business sustainability activities. IAG uses Group policies and other supporting documents to help
               ensure the risk management requirements are clear across IAG. The RMS must be adhered to, along with the legal, regulatory and
               prudential requirements in all countries in which the organisation has operations.

               Other key documents within IAG's RMF include:
                  Reinsurance Management Strategy (ReMS), which describes the systems, structures, and processes which collectively ensure
                   IAG's reinsurance arrangements and operations are prudently managed;
                  Group Risk Appetite Statement (RAS), which articulates the levels, boundaries and nature of risk the Board is willing to accept
                   in pursuit of IAG's strategic objectives; and
                  Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) Summary Statement, which summarises IAG's risk assessment
                   processes for capital management and describes the strategy for maintaining adequate capital over time.

               The definitions of the risk categories and related mitigation strategies are set out in the subsequent sections.

               Other key documents within IAG, include:
                  Group Crisis Management Plan which minimises business impact and loss in the event of a significant incident by providing a
                   clear and organised response strategy supported by pre-defined response procedures; and
                  a Recovery Plan, which provides guidance on how IAG might be restored to a sound financial condition following severe
                   financial stress.

               COVID-19
               The financial and social impacts of COVID-19 continue to emerge and will further develop over the coming year. Their extent and
               duration are difficult to forecast and remain dependent on many factors. These include the extent to which the virus persists, the
               efficacy of government and central bank responses (both locally and globally) and the impact prolonged uncertainty has on
               consumer and business sentiment.

               The immediate impacts on IAG have been from market volatility creating lower investment returns, and influencing capital
               management activities, increases in insurance liabilities across impacted classes of business, the acute effect on the financial
               position of some of our customers and the adaptation in working practises amongst our employees, business partners and
               suppliers. As the impacts of the virus and associated responses evolve, so too will the associated risks and IAG is committed to
               appropriately managing those risks at all levels.

               Some of the key specific risks and IAG’s response to them are as follows:
                 Capital and market risk – At 30 June 2020, IAG had a CET1 multiple of 1.23 (2019: 1.31) and a PCA multiple of 1.97 (2019:
                  2.12). COVID-19 has given rise to increased levels of market volatility and credit risk (both in the investment portfolio and with
                  our customers and suppliers) that has required a more active capital monitoring approach. Initiatives to achieve this include
                  more frequent assessments of capital adequacy to account for larger, and more rapid, investment market movements and
                  further capital stress testing against COVID-19 related risks. Capital levels will continue to be very closely monitored.
                 Regulatory risk – Regulators have been closely engaged on IAG's response to COVID-19. Sector-wide regulatory engagement
                  has also increased, particularly around operational resilience, capital management and dividend policy, and customer impacts.
                  IAG is engaging with its regulators regularly and will continue its aligned and proactive approach to supporting customers,
                  business resilience and continuity measures.
                 Customer risk – IAG understands the difficulties many of our customers are facing during this time and the risks this presents
                  to our business. Consequently, a range of support measures have been made available to our personal and small business
                  customers who are experiencing genuine need, including:
                    access to premium reductions;
                    deferred premiums for small business customers;
                    repayment frequency adjustments;
                    reduced excess amounts; and
                    waiving of certain fees and a relaxed cancellation policy.
                   These support measures are temporary in nature, but will be reassessed as needed. Additional customer contact centre
                   resources have also been made available to manage the increased number of customers requiring assistance.
                 Insurance risk – Refer to the disclosures provided in Note 1.2.
                 Operational risk – The rapid migration of the vast majority of IAG employees from an office-based work environment to working
                  from home has heightened some risks. These include technology and cyber-related risk as well as fraud and employee health
                  and wellbeing. While a level of heightened risk in these areas is inevitable in these times, the attendant risks are well
                  understood and policies are in place to manage and mitigate them.

                                                                                                                                                     69
               B. STRATEGIC RISK
               Strategic risk is defined as the risk that internal or external factors compromise our ability to execute our strategic objectives or our
               strategy.
               Strategic risk is managed by the Group Leadership Team with Board oversight. Key elements that support the management of
               strategic risk include a rigorous approach to identifying and evaluating key strategic risks and having this process integrated with
               the Group’s strategic planning program, with Management and Board reporting forming part of our ongoing monitoring
               mechanisms. IAG implements active portfolio management of its insurance operations. This involves robust and regular review of
               the portfolios that leads to informed decisions on the allocation of assets in the most efficient and value-accretive way in order to
               achieve IAG's strategic objectives. Consideration of both current and future value is critical in the process. Portfolio management
               can involve the acquisition or divestment of other entities, for which IAG has implemented a merger and acquisitions framework to




For personal use only
               help ensure the associated risks are appropriately managed. Strategic risk mitigation is further enhanced by the accountabilities of
               the Strategy and Innovation function. This function ensures IAG is accessing data-driven customer insights and reacting to such
               through the innovation of products and services.
               C. CUSTOMER RISK
               Customer risk is defined as the risk of failing to meet customer expectations leading to lower customer satisfaction, retention rates
               and new business opportunities.
               IAG is committed to delivering positive customer experiences and value through the provision of products and services suited to our
               customers’ needs.
               IAG manages customer risk by applying a customer lens to all processes and maintaining our customers at the heart of everything
               we do. Dedicated forums such as the Consumer Advisory Board and the Group Customer Conduct Council are designed to capture,
               analyse and use customer feedback to enhance our products, services and propositions.
               D. INSURANCE RISK
               Insurance risk is the risk of loss as a result of:
                   inadequate or inappropriate underwriting or product pricing;
                   unforeseen, unknown or unintended liabilities that may eventuate;
                   inadequate or inappropriate claims management including reserving; and
                   insurance concentration risk (i.e. by locality, segment factor, or distribution).
               A fundamental part of IAG's overall risk management approach is the effective governance and management of the risks that affect
               the amount, timing and certainty of cash flows arising from insurance contracts. The level of insurance risk accepted by IAG is
               formally documented in its Business Division Licences, which are issued to each operating division. The Business Division Licence
               is prepared by the Group Chief Underwriting Officer in consultation with the customer-facing divisions and is approved by the Group
               CEO. The Business Division Licences are reviewed annually or more frequently if required. In addition to Business Division
               Licences, insurance risk is also managed through the implementation of the Insurance Risk Framework and supporting Insurance
               Risk Principles.
               I. Acceptance and pricing of risk
               IAG focusses on the sustainability of its underwriting risk profile, rather than a premium volume or market share oriented approach.
               IAG believes this approach provides the greatest long-term likelihood of being able to meet the objectives of all stakeholders,
               including policyholders, regulators and shareholders. Underwriting and pricing expertise, coupled with data and analytics capability,
               allow IAG to underwrite policies in the context of its risk appetite.
               The underwriting by IAG of large numbers of less than fully correlated individual risks, predominantly short-tail business, across a
               range of classes of insurance business in different regions reduces the variability in overall claims experience over time. A risk still
               remains that the actual amount of claims paid is different to the amount estimated at the time an insurance product was designed
               and priced. IAG's claims management and provisioning, reinsurance and capital management further mitigate the impact of this
               risk.
               As referenced above, business divisions are required to underwrite within set criteria as outlined in the Business Division Licence.
               Maximum limits are set for the acceptance of risk both on an individual insurance contract basis and for classes of business and
               specific risk groupings.
               Management information systems are maintained to provide up-to-date, reliable data on the risks to which the business is exposed
               at any point in time. Statistical models that combine historical and projected data (pricing, claims and market conditions) are used
               to calculate premiums and monitor claim patterns for each class of business.
               II. Claims management and provisioning
               Once an incident has occurred, initial claim estimates are managed by claims officers with the requisite degree of experience and
               competence with the assistance, where appropriate, of a loss adjustor or other party with specialist knowledge of specific incidents.
               These case estimates are used to form part of the basis of the claim provisions. It is IAG's intention to respond to and settle all
               valid claims quickly whenever possible and to pay claims fairly, based on policyholders' full entitlements.
               Claim provisions are established using actuarial valuation models, including a risk margin to cover inherent uncertainty in the
               ultimate cost of claims, to ensure adequate capital is allocated to settle claims that have occurred. Refer to Note 2.2 for further
               details.




               70 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               III. Concentrations of insurance risk
               Each year IAG sets its tolerance for concentration risk through the use of various models to estimate its maximum exposure to
               potential natural disasters and other catastrophes. IAG mitigates its exposure to concentrations of insurance risk by holding a
               portfolio diversified into many classes of business across different regions and by the utilisation of reinsurance, taking into account
               the cost of reinsurance and capital efficiency. The reinsurance cover limits IAG's financial exposure to a single event with a given
               probability, and also protects capital. The catastrophe reinsurance cover purchased affects the Insurance Concentration Risk
               Charge (ICRC) in the APRA capital calculation.

               Concentration risk is particularly relevant in the case of catastrophes, usually natural disasters including earthquakes, bushfires,
               hailstorms, tropical storms and high winds, which generally result in a concentration of policyholders being impacted by the same
               event. This aggregation of multiple claims arising from a single event creates the most material insurance loss potential in the




For personal use only
               Group. IAG is also exposed to certain large man-made catastrophic events such as industrial accidents and building fires.
               Catastrophe losses are an inherent risk of the general insurance industry that contribute to potentially material year-to-year
               fluctuations in the results of operations and financial position. The nature and level of catastrophes in any period cannot be
               predicted accurately but can be estimated through the utilisation of predictive models. IAG actively monitors its aggregate
               exposure to catastrophe losses in all regions and limits exposure in regions that are subject to high levels of natural perils. Specific
               processes for monitoring identified key concentrations are set out below:

               RISK                                         SOURCE OF CONCENTRATION                      RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES
               An accumulation of risks arising from a      Insured property concentrations              Accumulation risk modelling and
               natural peril/catastrophe                                                                 reinsurance protection

               A large property loss                        Fire or accident affecting one building or a Maximum per risk acceptance limits,
                                                            group of adjacent buildings                  property risk grading and reinsurance
                                                                                                         protection

               Multiple liability retentions being          Response by a multitude of policies to the Purchase of reinsurance clash protection
               involved in the same event                   one event


               The table below provide an analysis of gross written premium from continuing operations by both region and product, which
               demonstrates the diversity of IAG's operations and its relatively limited exposure to additional risks associated with long-tail classes
               of business (where there is increased uncertainty of the ultimate cost of claims due to the additional period of time to settlement):

               GROSS WRITTEN PREMIUM ANALYSIS                                                                                   2020           2019
                                                                                                                                   %              %
               a. REGION
               Australia                                                                                                           77             78
               New Zealand                                                                                                         23             22
                                                                                                                                  100            100

               b. PRODUCT
               Motor                                                                                                               33             32
               Home                                                                                                                29             29
               Short-tail commercial                                                                                               22             22
               Compulsory Third Party (motor liability)                                                                             6              7
               Liability                                                                                                            6              6
               Workers' compensation                                                                                                3              3
               Other short-tail                                                                                                     1              1
                                                                                                                                  100            100

               E. REINSURANCE RISK
               Reinsurance risk is the risk of:
                  lack of capacity in the reinsurance market;
                  insufficient or inappropriate reinsurance coverage;
                  inadequate underwriting and/or pricing of reinsurance exposures retained by IAG’s reinsurance captives;
                  inadequate or inappropriate reinsurance recovery management;
                  reinsurance arrangements not being legally binding; and
                  reinsurance concentration.

               IAG's reinsurance program is an important part of its overall approach to risk and capital management. It is used to limit exposure
               to large single claims as well as an accumulation of claims that arise from the same or similar events in order to stabilise earnings
               and protect capital resources. The Reinsurance Management Strategy outlines IAG's reinsurance principles, including the
               requirement that reinsurance retention for catastrophe must not exceed 4% of gross earned premium.




                                                                                                                                                   71
               In practice IAG purchases catastrophe reinsurance protection to at least the greater of:
                   APRA’s prescribed minimum approach of 1-in-200 year return period loss calculated on a whole-of-portfolio, all perils basis in
                    Australia;
                   a 1-in-250 year return period for earthquake loss calculated on a whole-of-portfolio, earthquake only basis in Australia; and
                   a 1-in-1000 year return period for earthquake loss calculated on a whole-of-portfolio, earthquake only basis in New Zealand.
               Catastrophe model output is not the sole determinant of the amount of reinsurance purchased. Other factors such as loss
               experience, anticipated portfolio changes and the market pricing of reinsurance are also considered.
               Dynamic financial analysis modelling is used to determine the optimal level at which reinsurance should be purchased for capital
               efficiency, compared with the cost and benefits of covers available in the reinsurance market.




For personal use only
               The amount of reinsurance purchased is determined by reference to the modelled Probable Maximum Loss (PML). Natural perils
               are inherently uncertain, which presents model risk. As a result, the loss from an actual event could exceed the modelled PML.
               To facilitate the reinsurance process, manage counterparty exposure and create economies of scale, IAG has established a
               centralised reinsurance model across its operations. This is via captive reinsurance entities in Singapore and Labuan, Malaysia and
               a reinsurance department (or virtual captive) in Australia, collectively referred to as IAG Reinsurance. IAG Reinsurance acts as the
               interface between the external providers of reinsurance capital and the operating business divisions.
               The use of reinsurance introduces credit risk. The management of credit risk includes the monitoring of reinsurers’ credit ratings
               and controlling total exposures to limit counterparty default risk which is further explained in the financial risk section. IAG adopts
               a sound underwriting approach to the reinsurance program through the expertise provided by IAG Reinsurance. Retained
               exposures sit within the Board risk appetite and appropriate capital is maintained.
               I. Current reinsurance program
               The external reinsurance program consists of a combination of the following reinsurance arrangements:
                   32.5% whole-of-account quota share arrangements;
                   a Group catastrophe reinsurance protection that runs to a calendar year and operates on an excess of loss basis, with IAG
                    retaining the first $250 million ($169 million post-quota share) of each loss. It covers all territories in which IAG operates. The
                    limit of catastrophe cover purchased effective 1 January 2020 was $9.75 billion placed to 67.5% (i.e. net of the whole-of-
                    account quota share). Should a loss event occur that is greater than $10 billion, IAG could potentially incur a net loss greater
                    than the retention stated above. IAG holds capital to mitigate the impact of this possibility;
                   aggregate sideways covers that protect against a frequency of attritional event losses in Australia, New Zealand and Asia, and
                    operates below the Group catastrophe cover;
                   excess of loss reinsurances which provide 'per risk' protection for retained exposures of the commercial property and
                    engineering businesses in Australia, New Zealand and Asia;
                   excess of loss reinsurance for all casualty portfolios including Compulsory Third Party (CTP), public liability, professional
                    indemnity directors and officers, workers’ compensation and home owners warranty products;
                   quota share reinsurance protection for cyber;
                   excess of loss reinsurance for all marine portfolios;
                   excess of loss reinsurance cover (stop loss) for retained natural peril losses;
                   quota share and stop loss reinsurance for crop;
                   adverse development cover (ADC) and quota share protection for the CTP portfolio;
                   ADC for the February 2011 Canterbury earthquake event; and
                   ADC for policies issued prior to 31 December 2015 covering IAG’s exposure to claims arising from legacy general liability
                    and/or workers’ compensation/employer's liability policies, primarily related to asbestos.
               F. MARKET, CREDIT, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RISK
               Key aspects of the processes established by IAG to monitor and mitigate these risks include:
                  reporting to the Board Risk and Audit Committees with Non-Executive Directors as members;
                  the Group Leadership Team Risk Committee comprising of all Group Executives;
                  the Asset and Liability Committee (ALCo) comprising key Executives with relevant oversight responsibilities;
                  value-at-risk analysis and position limits which are regularly monitored;
                  monthly stress testing which is undertaken to estimate the impact of adverse market movements;
                  maintenance of an approved Group Credit Risk Policy, Group Liquidity Policy, Group Foreign Exchange Policy and Group
                   Investment Policy;
                  Board-approved Strategic Asset Allocation setting out the overall structure of the investment strategy – asset classes, ranges
                   on asset class exposures and broad limits on active management such as duration limits;
                  capital management activities – for further details refer to the capital management section (IV) of this note; and
                  implementation of a Derivatives Risk Management Statement that considers the controls in the use of derivatives and sets out
                   the permissible use of derivatives in relation to investment strategies.
               I. Market risk
               Market risk is defined as the risk of adverse movements in market prices (equities, derivatives, interest rates, foreign exchange,
               etc) or inappropriate concentration within the investment funds.
               a. FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK
               IAG operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk from various activities conducted in the normal course of
               business. Foreign exchange exposure is managed by the IAG Capital Markets function.


               72 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               The key foreign exchange risk exposures arise from the fluctuation in spot exchange rates between the items denominated in
               currency other than the Group's functional currency (Australian dollar), which causes the amount of the items to vary. Mitigation
               strategies are set out below:

               EXPOSURE                                                                               RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES
               Net investment in foreign operations that have a functional currency other than the Designated hedging instruments – forward
               Australian dollar (translation of financial position recognised directly in equity and foreign exchange contracts (derivatives).
               translation of financial performance recognised in profit or loss).

               Interest-bearing liabilities denominated in currencies other than the Australian dollar.Some designated as hedging instruments




For personal use only
                                                                                                       where the currency matches the functional
                                                                                                       currency of investments in foreign
                                                                                                       operations.

               Insurance liabilities denominated in currencies other than the Australian dollar       Some assets backing technical reserves are
               (directly recognised in profit or loss).                                               held in the same currency as the related
                                                                                                      insurance liabilities, mitigating any net
                                                                                                      foreign exchange exposure.

               Investments denominated in currencies other than the Australian dollar (directly       Designated economic hedging instruments –
               recognised in profit or loss).                                                         forward foreign exchange contracts
                                                                                                      (derivatives).


               When all relevant criteria are met, the designated hedging instruments noted above will effectively reduce the impact of foreign
               exchange gains and losses recorded in the foreign currency translation reserve during the period. The Group adopts a policy of
               targeting between 50% and 100% of the foreign exchange risk exposures associated with net investments in foreign operations
               (excluding intangible assets for consolidated entities) through designated hedging instruments. For the foreign exchange risk on its
               investment portfolio, the Group adopts a policy to target a 100% economic hedge.

               The table below provides information regarding the impact on the measurement of net investments in foreign operations held at
               reporting date of an instantaneous 10% depreciation of the Australian dollar compared with selected currencies on equity, net of
               related derivatives. An appreciation of the Australian dollar would broadly have the opposite impact.

               IMPACT OF 10% DEPRECIATION OF AUSTRALIAN DOLLAR                                                                  2020           2019
                                                                                                                                  $m             $m
                                                                                                                              Impact         Impact
                                                                                                                           directly to    directly to
                                                                                                                               equity         equity
               Net investments in foreign operations and related hedge arrangements
               New Zealand dollar                                                                                                  83              56
               Malaysian ringgit                                                                                                    4              13
               Other currencies where considered significant                                                                         -              8
                                                                                                                                   87              77

               The sensitivity analysis demonstrates the effect of a change in one key assumption while other assumptions remain unchanged
               (isolated exchange rate movements).
               b. PRICE RISK
               IAG has exposure to equity price risk through its investments in equities (both directly and through certain trusts), debt/equity
               hybrids, hedge funds and the use of derivative contracts. The impact on the measurement of the investments held at reporting
               date of a change in broad equity markets by +10% or -10% on profit before tax, net of related derivatives, is shown in the table
               below:

               IMPACT OF CHANGE IN EQUITY VALUE                                                                               2020           2019
                                                                                                                                $m             $m
                                                                                                                           Impact to      Impact to
                                                                                                                              profit         profit
               Investments – equity, debt/equity hybrids and trust securities and related equity derivatives    +10%             41             90
                                                                                                                 -10%           (40)           (88)

               Investments in equities, debt/equity hybrids, trust securities and related equity derivatives are all measured at fair value through
               profit or loss. There is no direct impact of a change in market prices on equity.




                                                                                                                                                   73
               c. INTEREST RATE RISK
               Fixed interest rate assets and liabilities are exposed to changes in market value derived from mark-to-market revaluations.
               Financial assets and liabilities with floating interest rates create cash flow variability.

               IAG's interest rate risk arises primarily from fluctuations in the valuation of investments in fixed interest-bearing securities
               recognised at fair value and from the underwriting of general insurance contracts, which creates exposure to the risk that interest
               rate movements materially impact the fair value of the insurance liabilities (the insurance liabilities are discounted with reference
               to the government yields). Movements in interest rates should have minimal impact on the insurance profit or loss due to IAG's
               policy of investing in assets backing insurance liabilities principally in fixed interest securities that are closely matched to the
               duration of the insurance liabilities (period to settlement). Therefore, movements in the fair value measurement of the assets
               broadly offset the impact of movements in the insurance liabilities from changes in interest rates.




For personal use only
               The impact on the measurement of investments in fixed interest-bearing securities held at reporting date of a change in interest
               rates by +1% or -1% on profit before tax, net of related derivatives, is shown in the following table. The sensitivity analysis provided
               demonstrates the effect of a change in interest rates only, whilst other assumptions remain unchanged. As investments in fixed
               interest-bearing securities are measured at fair value through profit or loss, there is no direct impact from an interest rate change
               on equity.

               IMPACT OF CHANGE IN INTEREST RATES                                                                               2020          2019
                                                                                                                                   $m           $m
                                                                                                                             Impact to     Impact to
                                                                                                                                profit        profit
               Investments – interest-bearing securities and related interest rate derivatives                     +1%           (144)         (133)
                                                                                                                    -1%           150           141

               Refer to Note 2.2 for details of the impact on the net outstanding claims liabilities before income tax to changes in key actuarial
               assumptions, including movements in discount rates.

               II. Credit risk
               Credit risk is defined as the risk arising from a counterparty’s failure to meet its obligations in accordance with agreed terms.
               These include investment and derivative counterparties, reinsurers and premium debtors.

               Concentrations of credit risk exist where a number of counterparties have similar economic characteristics. IAG's credit risk arises
               predominantly from investment activities, reinsurance activities, premium debtors, over-the-counter derivatives (currency forwards)
               and dealings with other intermediaries. IAG maintains a credit risk appetite, which is approved by the Board, and a Group Credit
               Risk Policy that is consistent with the Board's risk appetite. The policy outlines the framework and procedures in place to ensure
               an adequate and appropriate level of monitoring and management of credit quality throughout IAG, with the Capital Markets
               function responsible for implementation. IAG maintains sufficiently diverse credit exposures which also assists in avoiding a
               concentration charge being added to the regulatory capital requirement.

               For the in-scope receivable balances, maximum exposure to credit risk is considered on initial measurement of the asset, where
               lifetime expected credit losses are taken into account and provided for where required. Refer to Note 2.6 for further details.

               a. INVESTMENTS
               IAG is exposed to credit risk from investments in third parties, for example debt or similar securities issued by those companies.
               The maximum exposure to credit risk loss as at reporting date is the carrying amount of the investments on the balance sheet as
               they are measured at fair value. At the reporting date, there are material concentrations of credit risk to the banking sector, in
               particular the four major Australian banks. The credit risk relating to investments is regularly monitored and assessed, with
               maximum exposures limited by reference to credit rating and counterparty. Sovereign securities denominated in the functional
               currency are considered risk free and are unconstrained. The assets backing insurance liabilities of $5,789 million (2019: $5,950
               million) include predominantly high credit quality investments, such as government securities and other investment grade
               securities, which reduce the risk of default.

               The following table provides information regarding the credit risk relating to the interest-bearing investments based on Standard &
               Poor’s counterparty credit ratings, which demonstrates the very strong overall credit quality of IAG's investment book:

               CREDIT RATING OF INTEREST-BEARING INVESTMENTS                                                                    2020           2019
                                                                                                                                   $m             $m
               AAA                                                                                                              3,924          3,288
               AA                                                                                                               3,880          3,626
               A                                                                                                                  108            250
               BBB                                                                                                                490            886
               Below BBB and unrated                                                                                              542            654
                                                                                                                                8,944          8,704




               74 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               b. REINSURANCE RECOVERIES ON PAID CLAIMS
               Reinsurance arrangements mitigate insurance risk but expose IAG to credit risk. Reinsurance is placed with counterparties
               (primarily reinsurance companies) based on an evaluation of their financial strength, terms of coverage and price. At the reporting
               date, there are material concentrations of credit risk in relation to reinsurance recoverables, in particular to large global reinsurers.
               IAG has clearly defined policies for the approval and management of credit risk in relation to reinsurers. IAG monitors the financial
               condition of its reinsurers on an ongoing basis and periodically reviews the reinsurers’ ability to fulfil their obligations under
               respective existing and future reinsurance contracts. Some of the reinsurers are domiciled outside the jurisdictions in which IAG
               operates, so there is the potential for additional risk such as country risk and transfer risk.

               It is IAG policy to only deal with reinsurers with credit ratings of at least Standard & Poor’s BBB+ (or other rating agency equivalent)
               without collateralisation, other than a mandatory placement to meet local regulatory requirements. Where the credit rating of a




For personal use only
               reinsurer falls below the required quality during the period of risk a contractual right to replace the counterparty exists. Some of
               the reinsurance protection is purchased on a ‘collateralised’ basis, where counterparties either deposit funds equivalent to their
               participation (trust or loss deposits) or provide other forms of collateral (letters of credit).

               The following table provides IAG's exposure to reinsurance recoveries receivable on the outstanding claims balance, excluding other
               recoveries, by counterparty credit rating (Standard & Poor's) and the secured collateral:

               CREDIT RATING OF REINSURANCE RECOVERIES ON OUTSTANDING CLAIMS                                        2020                        2019
                                                                                                         $m     % of total            $m    % of total
               AA                                                                                     4,439            91          4,081           90
               A                                                                                        458             9            470           10
               BBB and below                                                                              5              -             6             -
               Total                                                                                  4,902           100          4,557          100

               Of these, approximately $1,891 million (2019: $1,128 million) is secured directly as follows, reducing the credit risk:
                   deposits held in trust: $435 million (2019: $82 million);
                   letters of credit: $1,456 million (2019: $1,045 million); and
                   loss deposits: nil (2019: $1 million).

               An ageing analysis for reinsurance recoveries on paid claims is provided below:

                                                           NOT OVERDUE                               OVERDUE                                    TOTAL
                                                                                   <30 days        30-120 days          >120 days
                                                                      $m                $m                 $m                 $m                  $m
               2020
               Reinsurance recoveries on paid claims                  250                   7                  9                  9               275

               2019
               Reinsurance recoveries on paid claims                   76                   1                  3                  2                82
               c. PREMIUM RECEIVABLE
               The majority of the premium receivable balance relates to policies which are paid on a monthly instalment basis. The late payment
               of amounts due under such arrangements allows for the cancellation of the related insurance contract eliminating both the credit
               risk and insurance risk for the unpaid amounts. Upon cancellation of a policy the outstanding premium receivable and revenue is
               reversed. IAG is also exposed to the credit risk associated with brokers and other intermediaries when premium is collected via
               these intermediaries. IAG’s exposure is regularly monitored by ALCo with reference to aggregated exposure, credit rating, internal
               credit limits and ageing of receivables by counterparty. Ageing analysis for premium receivable is provided below, with amounts
               aged according to their original due date, demonstrating IAG's limited exposure:

                                                           NOT OVERDUE                               OVERDUE                                    TOTAL
                                                                                   <30 days        30-120 days          >120 days
                                                                      $m                $m                 $m                 $m                  $m
               2020
               Premium receivable                                   3,160                265                300                 38              3,763
               Provision for impairment                                 (5)                (3)               (10)              (26)                (44)
                                                                    3,155                262                290                 12              3,719

               2019
               Premium receivable                                   3,152                276                295                 61              3,784
               Provision for impairment                                 (3)                (3)                (8)              (23)                (37)
                                                                    3,149                273                287                 38              3,747




                                                                                                                                                    75
               III. Liquidity risk
               Liquidity risk arises where liabilities cannot be met as they fall due as a result of insufficient funds and/or illiquid asset portfolios.
               IAG's liquidity position is derived from operating cash flows, access to liquidity through related bodies corporate and interest-
               bearing liabilities (with some denominated in different currencies and with different maturities). IAG complies with its liquidity risk
               management practices, which include a Group policy, and has the framework and procedures in place to ensure an adequate and
               appropriate level of monitoring and management of liquidity.

               a. OUTSTANDING CLAIMS LIABILITY AND INVESTMENTS
               Underwriting insurance contracts exposes IAG to liquidity risk through the obligation to make payment for claims of unknown
               amounts on unknown dates. The assets backing insurance liabilities can generally be readily sold or exchanged for cash to settle
               claims and are managed in accordance with the policy of broadly matching the overall maturity profile to the estimated pattern of




For personal use only
               claim payments.

               A maturity analysis is provided below of the estimated net discounted outstanding claims liability (based on the remaining term to
               payment at the reporting date) and the investments that have a fixed term (provided by expected maturity). The timing of future
               claim payments is inherently uncertain. Actual maturities may differ from expected maturities because certain counterparties have
               the right to call or prepay certain obligations with or without penalties.

                                                                                                                                NET DISCOUNTED
                                                                                                                            OUTSTANDING CLAIMS
               MATURITY ANALYSIS                                                                                                       LIABILITY                               INVESTMENTS
                                                                                                                              2020        2019                        2020            2019
                                                                                                                                $m           $m                          $m              $m
               At call                                                                                                            -            -                      2,273           1,399
               Within 1 year or less                                                                                         2,284        2,212                       1,035           1,073
               Within 1 to 2 years                                                                                             754          726                       1,036             165
               Within 2 to 5 years                                                                                           1,047        1,111                       1,951           2,460
               Over 5 years                                                                                                    430          468                       2,649           3,607
               Total                                                                                                         4,515        4,517                       8,944           8,704

               b. INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES
               The following table provides information about the residual maturity periods of the interest-bearing liabilities of a capital nature
               based on the contractual maturity dates of cash flows:

                                                                               CARRYING
                                                                                  VALUE                  MATURITY DATES OF CONTRACTUAL UNDISCOUNTED CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                   Within 1                          Over 5
                                                                                                       year 1 - 2 years 2 - 5 years   years Perpetual      Total
                                                                                        $m              $m          $m          $m      $m        $m        $m
               2020
               Principal repayments(1)                                               1,531                   -                -                -          1,127                404           1,531
               Contractual interest payments(1)                                                            55               55              165                -                  -            275
               Total contractual undiscounted payments                                                     55               55              165           1,127                404           1,806

               2019
               Principal repayments(1)                                               2,089                   -                -                -          1,135                954           2,089
               Contractual interest payments(1)                                                            83               83              249                -                  -            415
               Total contractual undiscounted payments                                                     83               83              249           1,135                954           2,504

               (1)      All of the liabilities have call, reset or conversion dates which occur prior to any contractual maturity. Detailed descriptions of the instruments are provided in Note 4.1.
                        The contractual interest payments are undiscounted and calculated based on underlying fixed interest rates or prevailing market floating rates as applicable at the
                        reporting date. Interest payments have not been included beyond five years.




               76 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               IV. Capital risk
               Capital risk is defined as the risk that capital is insufficient or not of the best form (the mix of debt, equity and reinsurance is
               inappropriate) given the nature, strategies and objectives of the Group. IAG's capital management strategy plays a central role in
               managing risk to create shareholder value whilst meeting the objective of maintaining an appropriate level of capital to protect
               policyholders' and lenders' interests, and meet regulatory requirements.
               IAG has a documented description of the capital management process (Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP)) and
               reports annually on its operation to the Board, together with a forward-looking estimate of expected capital utilisation (as
               represented in IAG’s Capital Plan) and capital resilience (ICAAP Annual Report). The adequacy of IAG's capital position is judged
               relative to the Board's Capital RAS, with an Internal Capital Model (ICM) used to assess the risks of breaching the minimum levels




For personal use only
               established in the Capital RAS. Scenario analysis and stress testing are important adjuncts to the ICM. The amount of capital
               required varies according to a range of factors including the business underwritten, extent of reinsurance and investment asset
               allocation.

               The target level of capitalisation (risk appetite) for IAG is assessed by consideration of factors including:
                   the probability of insolvency over the next three years;
                   the probability of falling below the APRA Prescribed Capital Amount (PCA) over the next three years;
                   other stakeholder perspectives on capitalisation, including rating agency capital models and associated ratings; and
                   domestic and international levels of capitalisation.
               a. REGULATORY CAPITAL
               All insurers within IAG that carry on insurance business in Australia are registered with APRA and are subject to APRA's Prudential
               Standards. It is IAG's policy to ensure that each of the licenced insurers in the Group maintains an adequate capital position.

               IAG's long-term target capital ranges are set out below:
                   a Common Equity Tier 1 capital of 0.9 to 1.1 times the PCA, compared to a regulatory requirement of a minimum of 0.6 times;
                    and
                   a total regulatory capital position equivalent to 1.6 to 1.8 times the PCA, compared to a regulatory requirement of a minimum
                    of 1.0 times.
               Internal policies are in place to ensure any significant deviations from the benchmarks are considered by the Board as to how any
               shortfall should be made good, or any surplus utilised or maintained.
               IAG uses the standardised framework detailed in the relevant prudential standards (APRA Level 2 Insurance Group requirements) to
               calculate regulatory capital.

               REGULATORY CAPITAL POSITION                                                                                2020               2019
                                                                                                                             $m                 $m
               Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1 capital)                                                                2,567              3,082
               Additional Tier 1 capital                                                                                    404                569
               Total Tier 1 capital                                                                                       2,971              3,651
               Tier 2 capital                                                                                             1,127              1,330
               Total regulatory capital                                                                                   4,098              4,981

               Total PCA                                                                                                  2,082              2,354
               PCA multiple                                                                                                 1.97               2.12
               CET1 multiple                                                                                                1.23               1.31

               At 30 June 2020, IAG's Insurance Concentration Risk Charge from a catastrophe event was $169 million (2019: $169 million).

               Consideration is given to the operational capital needs of the business. Targeting a capital multiple above the minimum regulatory
               requirement aims to ensure the ongoing strength and security of IAG, while suitably protecting policyholders and lenders.

               IAG's capital objectives are achieved through dynamic management of the balance sheet and capital mix, the use of a risk-based
               capital adequacy framework that relies on explicit quantification of uncertainty or risk and the use of modelling techniques that
               provide the capacity to understand the risk/return trade-off as well as valuable inputs to the capital management process. The
               influences on capital, such as product mix, reinsurance program design, catastrophe exposure, investment strategy, profit margins
               and capital structure, are all assessed using dynamic financial analysis modelling.

               An important influence on IAG's capital level is the payment of dividends. IAG targets a dividend payout ratio, measured as a
               proportion of cash earnings, within a range approved by the Board (refer to Note 4.4).




                                                                                                                                                 77
               b. CAPITAL COMPOSITION
               The consolidated balance sheet capital mix at reporting date is shown in the table below:

               CAPITAL MIX                                                                              TARGET              2020             2019
                                                                                                             %                 %                %
               Ordinary equity less goodwill and intangible assets                                        60-70              67.8             63.5
               Interest-bearing liabilities – hybrid securities and debt                                  30-40              32.2             36.5
               Total capitalisation                                                                                         100.0            100.0




For personal use only
               G. OPERATIONAL RISK
               Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from the actions or behaviours of people, inadequate or failed processes
               and systems or from external events.

               When controls fail, an operational risk incident can cause injury, damage to reputation, have legal or regulatory implications or can
               lead to financial loss. IAG manages these risks by initiating an appropriate control framework and by monitoring and managing
               potential risks. The Risk Committee is responsible for oversight of the operational risk framework and approval of the Operational
               Risk Management Policy, and any changes to it. The Board and Group Leadership Team believe an effective, documented and
               structured approach to operational risk is a key part of the broader RMF that is outlined in IAG's RMS.

               The operational risk framework and supporting Operational Risk Policy and procedures aim to ensure that consistent governance
               mechanisms and practices are in place, and that activities undertaken which involve operational risk are assessed and managed
               with appropriate regard to the Group's RAS and the achievement of IAG's objectives. The operational risk framework is supported
               by aligned frameworks, policies, standards and procedures for key aspects of operational risk. For example, fraud and business
               continuity frameworks and policies and procedures are in place, as are various other operational risk policies.

               Management and staff are responsible for identifying, assessing and managing operational risks in accordance with their roles and
               responsibilities.

               H. REGULATORY AND COMPLIANCE RISK
               Regulatory and Compliance Risk is defined as the risk of legal, regulatory or reputational impacts arising from failure to manage
               compliance obligations, or failure to anticipate and prepare for changes in the regulatory environment. IAG engages with regulators
               and regularly monitors developments in regulatory requirements to support ongoing compliance. In recent times, the Group has
               observed an increase in the frequency and scale of regulatory reviews, particularly in relation to financial services entities in
               Australia and New Zealand.

               IAG remains focused on implementing the Australian Government’s legislative change agenda flowing from the Final Report of the
               Royal Commission into Misconduct in the Banking, Superannuation and Financial Services Industry (Royal Commission).

               I. CULTURE AND CONDUCT RISK
               Culture and conduct risk is defined as the risk that employee behaviours are contrary to our Purpose, our Spirit or our Code of
               Ethics and Conduct or do not otherwise meet reasonable community expectations.

               IAG’s strategic objective is to be a customer centric organisation underpinned by ethical and sustainable decision-making. IAG
               recognises that the mindsets and behaviours of our people will help achieve our objectives and that a culture clearly aligned with
               our desired outcomes is fundamental to our success in building a stronger future for IAG and its stakeholders.

               IAG continues to be committed to building and maintaining a strong risk culture. IAG is focused on aligning risk culture,
               organisational culture and conduct risk and underpinning this with the embedment of Group-wide accountability, reward and
               recognition programs. Both organisational and risk culture are measured, monitored and reported regularly to the GLT Risk
               Committee, People and Remuneration Committee and Board Risk Committee respectively. Risk specific behaviours are aligned to
               IAG's Code of Conduct and Ethics and the Group continues to strengthen its articulation of risk behaviours.




               78 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               4. CAPITAL STRUCTURE
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section provides disclosures on the capital structure of IAG, which demonstrates how IAG finances its overall operations and
               growth through the use of different sources of funds, including ordinary equity and debt and hybrid instruments. Reinsurance is
               also an increasingly important source of long-term capital for IAG – reinsurance-specific disclosures are included in section 2
               insurance disclosures.
               The capital that IAG maintains provides financial security to its policyholders, whilst ensuring adherence to the capital adequacy
               requirements of industry regulators. IAG also seeks to maintain, and where possible enhance, the overall diversity and efficiency
               of its capital structure to support the delivery of targeted returns to shareholders. IAG measures its capital mix on a net tangible




For personal use only
               equity basis, i.e. after deduction of goodwill and intangibles, giving it strong alignment with both regulatory and rating agency
               models. IAG's target is a capital mix of ordinary equity (net of goodwill and intangibles) at 60-70% and debt and hybrids at 30-40%.

               NOTE 4.1 INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                                         2020                               2019
                                                                                                                                 Carrying                             Carrying
                                                                                         Principal                                 Value         Fair Value             Value         Fair Value
               Final Maturity Date                                                       Amount                Section                $m                $m                 $m                $m

               A. COMPOSITION
               I. Capital nature(1)
               a. ADDITIONAL TIER 1 REGULATORY CAPITAL(2)
               Reset exchangeable securities
                  No fixed date                                                          $550 million           B. I                        -                 -             550               558
               Capital notes
                  No fixed date                                                          $404 million           B. II                  404               418                404               432
               b. TIER 2 REGULATORY CAPITAL
               AUD subordinated convertible term notes
                  15 June 2044                                                           $350 million           B. III                 350               344                350               352
                  15 June 2045                                                           $450 million           B. IV                  450               443                450               457
                                                                                                                                       800                                  800
               NZD subordinated convertible term notes(3)
                  15 June 2043                                                           NZ$350 million B. V                           327               344                335               355
               II. Operational nature
               Other interest-bearing liabilities                                                                                        2                   2                3                     3
               Less: capitalised transaction costs                                                                                      (7)                                 (12)
                                                                                                                                    1,526                                2,080
               (1)      For 2019, capital instruments above cannot be reconciled to the regulatory capital section of Note 3.1 due to APRA transitional arrangements.
               (2)      Instruments issued prior to 1 January 2013 are eligible for inclusion in the relevant category of regulatory capital up to limits prescribed by APRA under transitional
                        arrangements. Any capital that is ineligible to be included in Tier 1 capital as a consequence may be included in Tier 2 capital to the extent there is residual capacity
                        within Tier 2 transitional limits. Following the redemption of reset exchangeable securities during 2020, IAG no longer has any securities on issue which are under
                        APRA's transitional arrangement.
               (3)      At the reporting date, the Company recognised accrued interest of $1 million (2019: $1 million) which is presented within trade and other payables.

               B. SIGNIFICANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
               I. Reset exchangeable securities (RES)
               On 16 December 2019, IAG Finance (New Zealand) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company redeemed all outstanding
               reset exchangeable securities at their face value of $550 million.




                                                                                                                                                                                               79
               II. Capital notes
                   face value of $404 million and issued by the Company on 22 December 2016;
                   all remain outstanding as at the reporting date;
                   non-cumulative floating rate distribution payable quarterly;
                   distribution rate equals the sum of the three-month BBSW plus a margin of 4.70% per annum multiplied by (1-tax rate);
                   if the distributions are not fully franked, the distribution rate is increased to compensate holders for the unfranked portion of
                    the distribution, subject to no payment conditions existing;
                   payments of distributions can only be made subject to meeting certain conditions. If no distribution is made, no dividends can
                    be paid and no returns of capital can be made on ordinary shares until the next distribution payment date;
                   IAG may convert, redeem or resell capital notes on 15 June 2023, or upon occurrence of certain events, subject to APRA




For personal use only
                    approval;
                   the capital notes are scheduled for conversion into a variable number of ordinary shares of the Company (subject to a
                    maximum number of 140.6 million shares) on 16 June 2025 and at each subsequent distribution payment date provided the
                    mandatory conversion conditions are satisfied; and
                   the capital notes must be converted into a variable number of IAG ordinary shares (subject to a maximum of 351.1 million
                    shares) or written-off if APRA determines the Company to be non-viable.
               III. AUD subordinated convertible term notes due 2044
                    face value of $350 million and issued by the Company on 29 March 2018;
                    all remain outstanding as at the reporting date;
                    floating interest rate equal to the three-month BBSW plus a margin of 2.10% per annum is payable quarterly;
                    the notes mature on 15 June 2044 unless converted or redeemed earlier, subject to rights of conversion or redemption;
                    IAG has an option to redeem the notes at face value between 15 June 2024 and 15 June 2025 and for certain tax and
                     regulatory events (in each case subject to APRA’s prior written approval);
                    the notes can be converted into a variable number of ordinary shares of the Company (subject to a maximum of 88.7 million
                     shares) at the option of holders from and including 15 June 2027 and at each subsequent interest payment date and the
                     maturity date of 15 June 2044; and
                    the notes must be converted into a variable number of ordinary shares of the Company (subject to a maximum of 221.8 million
                     shares) or written-off if APRA determines the Company to be non-viable.

               IV. AUD subordinated convertible term notes due 2045
                   face value of $450 million and issued by the Company on 28 March 2019;
                   all remain outstanding as at the reporting date;
                   floating interest rate equal to the three-month BBSW plus a margin of 2.35% per annum is payable quarterly;
                   the notes mature on 15 June 2045 unless converted or redeemed earlier, subject to rights of conversion or redemption;
                   IAG has an option to redeem the notes at face value between 15 June 2025 and 15 June 2026 and for certain tax and
                    regulatory events (in each case subject to APRA’s prior written approval);
                   the notes can be converted into a variable number of ordinary shares of the Company (subject to a maximum of 116.7 million
                    shares) at the option of holders from and including 15 June 2028 and at each subsequent interest payment date and the
                    maturity date of 15 June 2045; and
                   the notes must be converted into a variable number of ordinary shares of the Company (subject to a maximum of 291.8 million
                    shares) or written-off if APRA determines the Company to be non-viable.

               V. NZD subordinated convertible term notes
                  face value of NZ$350 million (equivalent to $332 million at date of issue) and issued by the Company on 15 June 2016;
                  all remain outstanding as at the reporting date;
                  fixed interest rate of 5.15% per annum, payable quarterly;
                  the notes mature on 15 June 2043 unless converted or redeemed earlier, subject to rights of conversion or redemption;
                  IAG has an option to redeem the notes at face value between 15 June 2022 and 15 June 2023, and for certain tax and
                   regulatory events (in each case subject to APRA’s prior written approval);
                  if the notes are not redeemed on 15 June 2022, the interest rate will become the applicable three-month bank bill benchmark
                   rate (BKBM) plus a margin of 2.60% per annum;
                  the notes can be converted into a variable number of ordinary shares of the Company (subject to a maximum of 114.0 million
                   shares) at the option of holders from and including 15 June 2025 and at each subsequent interest payment date and the
                   maturity date of 15 June 2043; and
                  the notes must be converted into a variable number of ordinary shares of the Company (subject to a maximum of 284.9 million
                   shares) or written-off if APRA determines the Company to be non-viable.

               C. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               The interest-bearing liabilities are initially measured at fair value (net of transaction costs) and subsequently measured at
               amortised cost. Based on market conditions at any point in time, the carrying value of the liabilities may not be representative of
               the fair value of the liabilities.

               The fair value for all interest-bearing liabilities is calculated using their quoted market price in active markets (fair value hierarchy
               level 1), except for the AUD subordinated convertible notes where their fair value is calculated using their quoted market price in a
               market that is considered to be lacking sufficient depth to be considered active (fair value hierarchy level 2).



               80 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               NOTE 4.2 EQUITY
                                                                                                       2020         2019           2020          2019
                                                                                                   Number of    Number of
                                                                                                    shares in    shares in
                                                                                                     millions     millions           $m            $m
               A. SHARE CAPITAL
               Balance at the beginning of the financial year                                          2,311         2,367        6,617         7,082
               Capital return and share consolidation, including transaction costs                          -           (56)           -         (465)
               Balance at the end of the financial year                                                2,311         2,311        6,617         6,617




For personal use only
               B. STRATEGIC RELATIONSHIP WITH BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY (BH)
               As part of the strategic relationship with BH, the Company and National Indemnity Company (NICO), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
               BH, entered into a subscription agreement dated 16 June 2015 (Subscription Agreement). The terms of the Subscription
               Agreement were released to the ASX on 16 June 2015 (attached to the Appendix 3B on that date).

               I. Anti-dilution right
               On entry by the Company and NICO into the Subscription Agreement, the Company granted NICO a right to maintain, by way of a
               right to participate in any issue of shares or to subscribe for shares, its percentage interest in the issued share capital of the
               Company (Anti-dilution Right) in respect of a diluting event which occurs or is announced after 16 June 2015.

               C. NATURE AND PURPOSE OF EQUITY
               I. Ordinary shares
               All ordinary shares on issue are fully paid and have no par value. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to a vote at a general meeting
               of the Company and to participate in the dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of,
               and amounts paid on, the shares held.

               Shares are classified as equity when there is no obligation to transfer cash or other assets to the holder. Transaction costs directly
               attributable to the issue of equity instruments are shown in equity as a deduction from the proceeds, net of tax.

               II. Treasury shares held in trust
               To satisfy obligations under the various share-based remuneration plans, shares are generally bought on-market at or near grant
               date of the relevant arrangement and are managed using in-house trusts, one for Australia and one for New Zealand, which are
               controlled by IAG. The shares are measured at cost and are presented as a deduction from equity. No gain or loss is recognised in
               profit or loss on the sale, cancellation or reissue of the shares. The shares are derecognised as treasury shares held in trust when
               the shares vest or are released to the participant. The total number of treasury shares acquired on-market during the financial year
               was 4 million (2019: 7 million) at an average price per share of $7.50 (2019: $7.25).

               III. Foreign currency translation reserve
               The foreign currency translation reserve records the foreign currency differences and related net investment hedge arising from the
               translation of the financial position and performance of subsidiaries and investments in associates that have a functional currency
               other than Australian dollars.

               IV. Share-based remuneration reserve
               The share-based remuneration reserve is used to recognise the fair value of equity-settled share-based remuneration obligations
               issued to employees. The total amount expensed over the vesting period through the consolidated statement of comprehensive
               income is calculated by reference to the fair value of the rights at grant date. The fair value of the rights is calculated at the grant
               date using a Black-Scholes valuation model and Monte Carlo simulation. The volatility assumption has been set considering the
               Company's historical share price. Some of the assumptions are based on historical data which is not necessarily indicative of
               future trends. Reasonable changes in these assumptions would not have a material impact on the amounts recognised in the
               financial statements.

               The Company provides benefits to employees (including senior management and Executives) through share-based incentives to
               create a link between shareholder value creation and rewarding employees, and assist with retention of key personnel. The senior
               management and Executive share plan arrangements consist of two separate arrangements working together. These two
               arrangements are the Deferred Award Rights Plan (DARs Plan) and Executive Performance Rights Plan (EPRs Plan). The People and
               Remuneration Committee approves the participation of each individual in the plans.

               The obligations under share-based payment arrangements are covered by the on-market purchase of ordinary shares of the
               Company which are held in trust. The number of shares purchased to cover each allocation of rights is determined by the trustee
               based on independent actuarial advice.




                                                                                                                                                     81
               NOTE 4.3 EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                                                                                                                                                     2020                2019
                                                                                                                                                                     cents               cents
               A. REPORTING PERIOD VALUES
               Continuing and discontinued operations
               Basic earnings per ordinary share(1)                                                                                                                 18.87               46.26
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share(2)                                                                                                               18.49               44.58
               Continuing operations
               Basic earnings per ordinary share(1)                                                                                                                 19.05               37.45




For personal use only
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share(2)                                                                                                               18.65               36.44
                (1)     The basic earnings per ordinary share is determined by dividing the profit or loss attributable to shareholders of the Parent by the weighted average number of shares
                        of the Parent on issue during the reporting year. The treasury shares held in trust are deducted, but earnings attributable to those shares are included.
                (2)     Diluted earnings per share is determined by dividing the profit or loss attributable to shareholders of the Parent, adjusted for the finance costs of dilutive convertible
                        instruments, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares and dilutive potential ordinary shares, primarily as a result of debt instruments that possess a
                        conversion feature.


                                                                                                                                                                     2020                2019
                                                                                                                                                                       $m                  $m
               B. RECONCILIATION OF EARNINGS USED IN CALCULATING EARNINGS PER SHARE
               Profit attributable to shareholders of the Parent which is used in calculating basic and diluted
               earnings per share                                                                                                                                      435              1,076
               Finance costs of dilutive convertible securities, net of tax                                                                                             30                 47
               Profit attributable to shareholders of the Parent which is used in calculating diluted earnings
               per share                                                                                                                                               465              1,123
               Profit from continuing operations attributable to shareholders of the Parent                                                                            439                 871
               (Loss)/profit from discontinued operations attributable to shareholders of the Parent                                                                     (4)               205

                                                                                                                                                                  2020                2019
                                                                                                                                                              Number of           Number of
                                                                                                                                                               shares in           shares in
                                                                                                                                                                millions            millions
               C. RECONCILIATION OF WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES
                  USED IN CALCULATING EARNINGS PER SHARE
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue (adjusted for treasury shares held in trust)
               used in the calculation of basic earnings per share                                                                                                  2,305               2,326
               Weighted average number of dilutive potential ordinary shares relating to:
               Convertible securities                                                                                                                                 204                 188
               Unvested share-based remuneration rights supported by treasury shares held in trust                                                                      6                   5
                                                                                                                                                                    2,515               2,519




               82 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               NOTE 4.4 DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                                 2020                        2019
                                                                                             Cents per                    Cents per
                                                                                                share              $m        share              $m
               A. ORDINARY SHARES
               2020 interim dividend paid on 25 March 2020 70% franked (2019:
               2019 interim dividend fully franked) based on a tax rate of 30%                   10.0            231           12.0            277
               Special dividend paid on 26 November 2018 fully franked based on a
               tax rate of 30%                                                                        -              -           5.5           130




For personal use only
               2019 final dividend paid on 30 September 2019 70% franked (2019:
               2018 final dividend fully franked) based on a tax rate of 30%                     20.0            462           20.0            473
                                                                                                                 693                           880

               B. DIVIDEND NOT RECOGNISED AT REPORTING DATE
               2019 final dividend paid on 30 September 2019 70% franked based on
               a tax rate of 30%                                                                      -              -         20.0            462

               C. DIVIDEND FRANKING AMOUNT
               Franking credits available for subsequent financial periods based on a
               tax rate of 30%                                                                                       -                               -

               IAG’s franking credit balance has reduced in recent years, owing to past capital management measures, the move to a higher
               dividend payout policy and the absence of taxable earnings in Australia (in the tax consolidated group) in the 2020 financial year,
               which was influenced by severe net natural peril claim costs and adverse reserving and credit spread effects.

               D. DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT
               A Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) operates which allows shareholders with ordinary shares to elect to receive their dividend
               entitlement in the form of ordinary shares of the Company. The price of DRP shares is the VWAP, less a discount if determined by
               the Directors, calculated over the pricing period (which is at least five trading days) as determined by the Directors for each
               dividend payment date.

               A copy of the terms and conditions for the DRP is available at www.iag.com.au/shareholder-centre/dividends/reinvestment. The
               DRP for the 2020 interim dividend paid on 25 March 2020 was settled with the on-market purchase of 6.4 million shares priced at
               $6.58 per share (based on a VWAP for 10 trading days from 24 February 2020 to 6 March 2020 inclusive, with no discount
               applied).

               E. RESTRICTIONS THAT MAY LIMIT THE PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS
               There are currently no restrictions on the payment of dividends by the Parent other than:
                  the payment of dividends is subject to the provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 and IAG's constitution;
                  the payment of dividends generally being limited to profits, subject to ongoing solvency obligations, and under the APRA Level
                   2 Insurance Group supervision requirements, IAG is required to obtain approval from APRA before payment of dividends on
                   ordinary shares that exceed the Group’s after tax earnings as defined by APRA;
                  recent regulatory guidance urging entities to exercise caution around capital distributions in the face of ongoing uncertainty
                   and heightened economic risk; and
                  no dividends can be paid and no returns of capital can be made on ordinary shares if distributions are not paid on the capital
                   notes, unless certain actions are taken by IAG. For further details, refer to Note 4.1.

               F. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Provision for dividends is made in respect of ordinary shares where the dividends are declared on or before the reporting date, but
               have not yet been distributed at that date.




                                                                                                                                                83
               NOTE 4.5 DERIVATIVES
               A. REPORTING DATE POSITIONS
                                                                                                         2020                                   2019
                                                                          Notional                                Notional
                                                                          contract     Fair value   Fair value    contract   Fair value   Fair value
                                                                           amount           asset     liability    amount         asset      liability
                                                                               $m             $m           $m          $m           $m           $m
               I. Net investment hedges (hedge accounting applied)
               Forward foreign exchange contracts                             793           23              (4)       788            4             (5)




For personal use only
               II. Investment-related derivatives (derivatives without hedge accounting applied)
               Bond futures                                                 3,523             -               -     2,781             -             -
               Share price index futures                                       (16)           -               -      (144)            -             -
               Forward foreign exchange contracts                           2,789           88                -     3,845           20           (15)
               III. Treasury-related derivatives (derivatives without hedge accounting applied)
               Forward foreign exchange contracts                             744             -             (6)     1,033            7             (5)
               Interest rate swaps                                                -           -               -       535           11             (2)

               All derivative contracts are expected to be settled within 12 months.

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value, which is determined by reference to current market quotes or generally accepted
               valuation principles. The investment-related derivatives are presented together with the underlying investments or as payables
               when the fair value is negative. The treasury-related derivatives are presented as receivables when the fair value is positive or as
               payables when the fair value is negative.

               I. Hedge accounting
               Hedge accounting may be applied to derivatives designated as hedging instruments provided certain criteria are met. At the
               inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which it wishes to apply
               hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge.

               The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the risk being hedged and how
               the Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of
               sources of hedge ineffectiveness and how the hedge ratio is determined). A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it
               meets all of the following effectiveness requirements:
                   there is ‘an economic relationship’ between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
                   the effect of credit risk does not ‘dominate the value changes’ that result from that economic relationship; and
                   the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that the Group
                    actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

               Hedge of net investments in foreign operations
               The foreign currency exposures arising on translation of net investments in foreign operations are hedged (net investment hedge)
               using the spot element of forward exchange contracts and the designation of certain foreign currency borrowings as hedging
               instruments. The fair value is determined using observable inputs (level 2 in the fair value hierarchy).

               There is an economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging instruments as the net investment creates a
               translation risk that will match the foreign exchange risk on the spot element of the forward exchange contracts and the foreign
               currency borrowings. The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 as the underlying risk of the hedging instruments is identical
               to the hedged risk component. Any hedge ineffectiveness may arise when the exposure to the underlying net investment in the
               foreign operation falls below the notional amount of the forward exchange contracts and the amount of borrowings designated as
               net investment hedging instruments.

               Any gain or loss on the net investment hedges relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised in equity, while the gain or
               loss relating to the ineffective portion is immediately recognised in profit or loss. Gains and losses accumulated in the equity
               reserve are recognised in profit or loss upon the disposal of the foreign operation.

               Details of IAG’s activities in relation to hedges in its foreign operations against foreign currency movements are as follows:

                                                                                                         2020                                  2019
                                                                              Change in fair       Balance in        Change in fair       Balance in
                                                                              value of items foreign currency        value of items foreign currency
                                                                                          for      translation                   for      translation
                                                                             ineffectiveness           reserve      ineffectiveness          reserve
                                                                                assessment                             assessment
                                                                                          $m               $m                    $m               $m
               I. Net investment hedges (hedge accounting applied)
               Forward foreign exchange contracts                                          8                 60                28                349


               84 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               During the year, IAG recognised $nil (2019: $nil) gain or loss due to ineffectiveness on derivative instruments designated as net
               investment hedges in the profit or loss.

               II. Derivatives without hedge accounting applied
               For derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting, the changes in fair value are immediately recognised in profit or loss.
               Transaction costs for purchases of derivatives are expensed as incurred.

               The fair value of the bond futures and share price index futures are measured using a quoted price in an active market (level 1 in
               the fair value hierarchy), whilst the fair value of the interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts are determined
               using observable inputs (level 2 in the fair value hierarchy).




For personal use only
               5. OTHER BALANCE SHEET DISCLOSURES
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section provides disclosures on other components of IAG's financial position, including:
                   Goodwill and intangible assets – these balances primarily relate to the difference between the total consideration paid and
                    the net tangible assets acquired in relation to past business acquisitions as well as internally developed capitalised software.
                    These assets support the generation of future earnings and are subject to impairment testing, with finite useful life intangible
                    assets also subject to amortisation. For example, an impairment will arise if future earnings can no longer support the
                    carrying value of the assets in question.
                   Income tax – the note summarises both the comprehensive income (profit or loss and other comprehensive income) and
                    balance sheet items related to income tax. The profit or loss disclosure includes a reconciliation between the income tax
                    expense reported and the prima facie amount when applying the Australian company tax rate (30%). The balance sheet
                    disclosure focuses on deferred tax balances, which arise due to timing differences between the accounting treatment of
                    taxable income or expenses and the treatment adopted by the relevant tax authority. For example, IAG recognises a deferred
                    tax asset in relation to the earthquake losses incurred by its New Zealand operations since the 2011 financial year. This
                    asset is expected to unwind over time as the tax benefit recognised for accounting purposes is used to offset future taxable
                    income.
                   Provisions –historically this balance has primarily included employee-related costs, for example an annual leave entitlement
                    representing amounts owing to employees at the balance date based on past service. During the current financial year a
                    customer refund provision has also been recognised.
                   Leases – the note provides information on the effect that leases have on the financial position, financial performance and
                    cash flows of IAG.


               NOTE 5.1 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                          SOFTWARE
                                                                       DEVELOPMENT        DISTRIBUTION    CUSTOMER      BRANDS AND
                                                              GOODWILL EXPENDITURE           CHANNELS RELATIONSHIPS          OTHER           TOTAL
                                                                    $m             $m             $m             $m            $m             $m
               2020
               A. COMPOSITION
               Cost                                              2,862            835            154            178            113         4,142
               Accumulated amortisation and
               impairment                                             -          (658)          (152)          (173)           (25)        (1,008)
               Balance at the end of the financial year          2,862            177              2              5             88          3,134

               B. RECONCILIATION OF MOVEMENTS
               Balance at the beginning of the financial
               year                                              2,863            112               5            31             87         3,098
               Additions acquired and developed                      14             83               -              -             -            97
               Amortisation                                            -           (18)            (2)          (25)              -           (45)
               Net foreign exchange movements                       (15)              -            (1)            (1)            1            (16)
               Balance at the end of the financial year          2,862            177               2              5            88         3,134




                                                                                                                                                 85
                                                                           SOFTWARE
                                                                        DEVELOPMENT       DISTRIBUTION    CUSTOMER      BRANDS AND
                                                               GOODWILL EXPENDITURE          CHANNELS RELATIONSHIPS          OTHER           TOTAL
                                                                    $m             $m            $m              $m            $m             $m
               2019
               C. COMPOSITION
               Cost                                              2,863            756            156            180            112         4,067
               Accumulated amortisation and
               impairment                                             -          (644)          (151)          (149)           (25)         (969)




For personal use only
               Balance at the end of the financial year          2,863            112              5             31             87         3,098

               D. RECONCILIATION OF MOVEMENTS
               Balance at the beginning of the financial
               year                                              2,875            121             36             65             86         3,183
               Additions acquired and developed                      20             43               -              -              -           63
               Disposal through sale of businesses                  (61)              -            (3)            (9)            (1)          (74)
               Amortisation                                            -           (52)          (29)           (25)               -        (106)
               Net foreign exchange movements                        29               -             1               -             2            32
               Balance at the end of the financial year          2,863            112               5            31             87         3,098

               E. IMPAIRMENT
               An impairment charge is recognised in profit or loss when the carrying value of the asset, or Cash-Generating Unit (CGU), exceeds
               the calculated recoverable amount. The impairment charge for goodwill cannot be subsequently reversed, whereas for identified
               intangibles the charge can be reversed where estimates used to determine the recoverable amount have changed. For assets with
               indefinite useful lives, which include goodwill, the recoverability of the carrying value of the assets is reviewed for impairment at
               each reporting date, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. The carrying
               amounts of intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed at each reporting date by determining whether there is an
               indication that the carrying values may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the asset is tested for impairment. For further
               details on the impact from COVID-19 refer to Note 1.2.

               I. Impairment testing of goodwill
               For the purpose of impairment testing goodwill is allocated to CGUs. The recoverable amount of goodwill is determined by value-in-
               use calculations, which estimate the present value of future cash flows by using a post-tax discount rate that reflects current
               market assessment of the risks specific to the CGUs. The carrying value of identified intangible assets is deducted from the value
               generated from the cash flow projections to arrive at a recoverable value for goodwill which is then compared with the carrying
               value of goodwill. Where an impairment is determined, impairment losses relating to CGUs are allocated first to reduce goodwill
               and then to other CGU assets on a pro-rata basis.

               Goodwill is allocated to the following CGUs:

                                                                                                                              2020          2019
                                                                                                                                $m             $m
               Australian Consumer                                                                                             788            774
               Australian Business                                                                                           1,421          1,421
               Australia                                                                                                     2,209          2,195
               New Zealand                                                                                                     653            668
                                                                                                                             2,862          2,863




               86 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               The following describes the key assumptions on which management based its cash flow projections to undertake the impairment
               testing:
                   Cash flow forecasts are based on ten-year valuation forecasts for growth and profitability.
                   Terminal value is calculated using a perpetuity growth formula based on the cash flow forecast at the end of the relevant
                    valuation forecast period, terminal growth rate in profit or premium and, where appropriate, terminal insurance margin.
                    Terminal growth rates and insurance margins are based on past performance and management's expectations for future
                    performance in each segment and country. The terminal growth rate assumptions used in IAG's impairment assessment for
                    significant CGUs as at 30 June 2020 are: Australian Consumer 4.6% (2019: 4.8%), Australian Business 3.4% (2019: 4.0%) and
                    New Zealand 3.7% (2019: 3.8%).
                   Discount rates reflect a beta and equity risk premium appropriate to IAG, with risk adjustments for individual segments and




For personal use only
                    countries where applicable. The post-tax discount rates used for significant CGUs as at 30 June 2020 are: Australian
                    Consumer 9.0% (2019: 9.5%), Australian Business 9.0% (2019: 9.5%) and New Zealand 9.6% (2019: 10.1%).

               II. Impairment testing of identified intangible assets
               Where the recoverable amount is determined by a value-in-use calculation, it involves the use of accounting estimates and
               assumptions to determine the projected net cash flows, which are discounted using an appropriate discount rate to reflect current
               market assessment of the risks associated with the assets or CGU. A description of the nature of significant intangible assets is
               provided below:
                    An impairment charge for capitalised software is incurred if there is evidence of obsolescence or significant changes impacting
                     the manner in which an asset is used or expected to be used or there is evidence indicating the economic performance of the
                     asset is not as intended by management.
                    The value of distribution channels is derived from future revenue expected to be generated as a result of the existing
                     relationships with the broker networks.
                    Customer relationships represent the present value of future profits expected to arise from existing customer relationships
                     (developed prior to acquisition of the business). The assumptions for the useful life and customer attrition rates are
                     determined based on historical information.
                    Brands represent the revenue-generating value of the acquired brand which is determined using the relief from royalty
                     method.

               F. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               All of the goodwill and intangible assets, other than components of capitalised software development expenditure (internally
               generated), have been acquired.

               Intangible assets are initially recorded at cost at the date of acquisition, being the fair value of the consideration. Internally
               generated intangible assets comprise all directly attributable costs necessary to create, produce and prepare the asset to be
               capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Goodwill is generated as a result of business acquisition and is
               initially measured as the excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the net identifiable assets and liabilities
               acquired. At the date of disposal of a business, attributed goodwill is used to calculate the gain or loss on disposal.

               Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life, including goodwill and certain brands, are not subject to amortisation but to
               impairment testing. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised on a straight-line basis over the period in which the
               related economic benefits are expected to be realised. Amortisation rates and residual values are reviewed annually and any
               changes are accounted for prospectively. Amortisation is recognised within fee-based, corporate and other expenses in the
               consolidated statement of comprehensive income, whilst the amortisation of capitalised software is recognised within the
               insurance profit. The useful lives for each category of intangible assets are as follows:
                   capitalised software: up to 3 years, with major core software infrastructure amortised over a period up to 10 years;
                   distribution channels: 5 to 10 years;
                   customer relationships: 5 to 10 years; and
                   brands and other: up to 20 years, except for certain brands with an indefinite useful life.




                                                                                                                                                    87
               NOTE 5.2 INCOME TAX
                                                                                                                2020       2019
                                                                                                                  $m         $m
               A. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
               Current tax                                                                                        145       242
               Deferred tax                                                                                      (105)      109
               (Over)/under-provided in prior year                                                                  (3)      12
               Income tax expense                                                                                  37       363
               Deferred income tax (credit)/expense included in income tax comprises




For personal use only
               (Increase)/decrease in deferred tax assets                                                        (104)      110
               Decrease in deferred tax liabilities                                                                 (1)       (1)
                                                                                                                 (105)      109
               B. RECONCILIATION OF PRIMA FACIE TAX TO INCOME TAX EXPENSE
               Profit for the year before income tax                                                             535       1,332
               Income tax calculated at 30% (2019: 30%)                                                          161        400
               Amounts which are not deductible/(taxable) in calculating taxable income
               Disposal of investment in associate                                                               (109)           -
               Difference in tax rate                                                                              (20)      (43)
               Rebatable dividends                                                                                   (4)       (7)
               Interest on capital notes and convertible preference shares                                            5         6
               Other                                                                                                  7        (5)
               Income tax expense applicable to current year                                                        40      351
               Adjustment relating to prior year                                                                     (3)      12
               Income tax expense attributable to profit for the year from continuing operations after impact
               of tax consolidation                                                                                37       363

               C. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
               I. Composition
               a. AMOUNTS RECOGNISED IN PROFIT
               Property and equipment                                                                             89         70
               Employee benefits                                                                                  75         81
               Insurance provisions                                                                              165        112
               Investments                                                                                        42         37
               Provisions                                                                                         81          5
               Tax losses                                                                                        259        323
               Other                                                                                              42           -
                                                                                                                 753        628
               b. AMOUNTS RECOGNISED DIRECTLY IN OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
               Defined benefit superannuation plans                                                                23         18
                                                                                                                  776        646
               c. AMOUNTS SET-OFF AGAINST DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES                                               (201)      (193)
                                                                                                                  575        453
               II. Reconciliation of movements
               Balance at the beginning of the financial year                                                    646         740
               Adjustment on initial application of AASB 16 (see Note 8.5)                                        14             -
               Restated balance at the beginning of the financial year                                           660         740
               Credited/(charged) to profit or loss                                                              104        (110)
               Credited to equity                                                                                   5           7
               Adjustments relating to prior year                                                                 11           (6)
               Acquisition of subsidiary                                                                            1            -
               Foreign exchange differences                                                                        (5)        15
               Balance at the end of the financial year prior to set-off                                         776         646




               88 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               III. Tax losses
               The deferred tax assets from tax losses primarily relate to those incurred in IAG’s New Zealand business as a result of the
               Christchurch earthquake events that occurred in 2010 and 2011 and the 2016 Kaikoura earthquake. In the context of the New
               Zealand Income Tax Act, tax losses carried forward do not expire after a particular period and remain available to offset against
               future income tax liabilities, provided the 49% continuity of shareholding requirement is met at the listed holding company level.


                                                                                                                              2020            2019
                                                                                                                                $m              $m
               D. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES




For personal use only
               I. Composition
               a. AMOUNTS RECOGNISED IN PROFIT
               Investments                                                                                                        17             67
               Intangible assets                                                                                                  15             21
               Other                                                                                                             159            104
                                                                                                                                 191            192
               b. AMOUNTS RECOGNISED DIRECTLY IN OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
               Hedges                                                                                                             10              1
                                                                                                                                 201            193
               c. AMOUNTS SET-OFF AGAINST DEFERRED TAX ASSETS                                                                   (201)          (193)
                                                                                                                                    -              -
               II. Reconciliation of movements
               Balance at the beginning of the financial year                                                                    193            196
               Credited to profit or loss                                                                                          (1)            (1)
               Charged/(credited) to equity                                                                                         9             (2)
               Balance at the end of the financial year prior to set-off                                                         201            193

               E. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               I. Income tax
               Income tax expense for a reporting year comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to
               the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in either equity or other comprehensive income.

               II. Current tax
               Current tax assets and liabilities are the expected tax recoverable or payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates for
               each jurisdiction, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous financial periods. These include any rates or laws
               enacted or substantially enacted at the consolidated balance sheet date.

               III. Deferred tax
               Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases. Deferred
               tax assets (deductible temporary differences, carried forward unused tax assets and unused tax losses) are recognised to the
               extent it is probable that future taxable profit will be available to utilise them before the unused tax losses or credits expire. In
               making this assessment, IAG considers historical trends of profit generation.

               The following demonstrates other circumstances when no deferred tax asset or liability is recognised:
                   temporary differences if they arose in a transaction, other than a business combination, that at the time of the transaction did
                    not affect either accounting profit or taxable profit or loss;
                   temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of investments in subsidiaries where it is probable that the
                    differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and
                   temporary differences relating to the initial recognition of goodwill.
               IV. Tax consolidation
               The Company and its Australian resident wholly-owned subsidiaries adopted the tax consolidation legislation with effect from 1 July
               2002 and are therefore taxed as a single entity from that date. The Company is the head entity within the tax-consolidated group.




                                                                                                                                                  89
               NOTE 5.3 PROVISIONS
                                                                                                                                                              2020              2019
                                                                                                                                                                $m                $m
               A. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
               I. Expense recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
               Defined contribution superannuation plans                                                                                                       109                106
               Defined benefit superannuation plans                                                                                                              6                  5
               Share-based remuneration                                                                                                                         23                 27
               Salaries and other employee benefits expense                                                                                                  1,486              1,514




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                             1,624              1,652

               II. Provision recognised on the consolidated balance sheet
               Short-term and other benefits*                                                                                                                   157               192
               Long service leave                                                                                                                               101                91
               Defined benefit superannuation plans                                                                                                              68                46
               Executive performance rights                                                                                                                      11                20
                                                                                                                                                                337               349
               *        Short-term and other benefits include annual leave entitlements and cash-based incentive arrangements. As agreed by the Board, no STI payments will be made in
                        respect of the 2020 financial year.

               The employee benefits provision includes $134 million (2019: $114 million) which is expected to be settled after more than 12
               months from reporting date.


                                                                                                                                                              2020              2019
                                                                                                                                                                $m                $m
               B. RESTRUCTURING PROVISION
               Balance at the beginning of the financial year                                                                                                     40                18
               Additions                                                                                                                                          19                48
               Amounts settled                                                                                                                                   (27)              (26)
               Balance at the end of the financial year                                                                                                           32                40

               The provision primarily comprises restructuring costs in respect of operating model changes in Australia, New Zealand and Asia. All
               provisions outstanding at the reporting date are expected to be settled within 12 months (2019: all).

                                                                                                                                                              2020              2019
                                                                                                                                                                $m                $m
               C. CUSTOMER REFUND PROVISION
               Balance at the beginning of the financial year                                                                                                       -                    -
               Additions                                                                                                                                        290                      -
               Amounts utilised                                                                                                                                  (20)                    -
               Balance at the end of the financial year*                                                                                                        270                      -
               *        This balance includes an offsetting amount of $21 million in respect of recoverable indirect taxes.

               During the current year IAG recognised a gross provision of $290 million for customer refunds, interest attributable to those
               refunds and the cost of administering the associated remediation program. This relates to multi-year pricing issues identified by
               IAG as part of a review of its pricing systems and processes, which is ongoing (refer also to Note 7.1). A related recovery of $44
               million has been recognised from IAG’s whole-of-account quota share arrangements. This recovery has been offset within the
               reinsurance premium payable balance. The appropriateness of all underlying assumptions will be reviewed as the remediation
               program progresses and adjustments will be made to the provision where required.

               The customer refund provision includes $108 million which is expected to be settled after more than 12 months from reporting
               date.

               D. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               I. Annual leave
               Liability for annual leave is recognised at the nominal amounts unpaid at the reporting date using remuneration rates that are
               expected to be paid when the liability is settled, including on-costs.

               II. Long service leave
               A liability for long service leave is recognised as the present value of estimated future cash outflows to be made in respect of
               services provided by employees up to the reporting date. The estimated future cash outflows are discounted using corporate bond
               yields which have terms to maturity that match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outflows. Factors which affect the
               estimated future cash outflows such as expected future salary increases, experience of employee departures and period of service,
               are incorporated in the measurement.


               90 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               III. Short-term incentive plan
               The short-term incentive plan continued in operation during the current reporting year. Under the plan, eligible employees have the
               capacity to earn an incentive, calculated as a proportion of their base salary, which is paid in cash each year. The incentive
               opportunity is set depending on an employee's role and responsibilities. The majority of employees are on a 10%, 15% or 20% plan.
               The incentive payments are determined based on an assessment of individual performance and achievement of a range of Group,
               business unit and individual goals.

               IV. Superannuation
               For defined benefit superannuation plans, the net financial position of the plans is recognised on the consolidated balance sheet
               and the movement in the net financial position is recognised in profit or loss, except for remeasurements of defined benefit plans
               (experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions), which are recognised directly in retained earnings. For defined




For personal use only
               contribution superannuation plans, obligations for contributions are recognised in profit or loss as they become payable.

               V. Executive performance rights
               Executive performance rights (EPRs) issued after July 2013 are indeterminate rights in that they can be cash-settled or equity-
               settled. The choice of settlement is with the Board. Liabilities for the EPRs that are cash-settled are recognised as employee
               benefit expense over the relevant service period. The liabilities are remeasured to fair value at each reporting date and are
               presented as employee benefit obligations in the balance sheet.

               VI. Restructuring provision
               A provision is recognised for the expected costs associated with restructuring where there is a detailed formal plan for restructure
               and a valid expectation has been raised in those persons expected to be affected. The provision is based on the direct expenditure
               to be incurred which is both directly and necessarily caused by the restructuring and may include termination benefits. It does not
               include costs associated with ongoing activities. The adequacy of the provision is reviewed regularly and adjusted if required.
               Revisions to the estimated amount of a restructuring provision are reported in the period in which the revision to the estimate
               occurs.

               VII. Customer refund provision
               A provision is recognised for the expected costs associated with customer refunds. In establishing this provision, assumptions
               have been made around the quantum of the premium impact for affected customers, the compound interest attributable to the
               base premium amount and the costs associated with operating the associated remediation program.

               NOTE 5.4 LEASES
               A. AMOUNTS RECOGNISED IN THE BALANCE SHEET
               I. Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                                           MOTOR
                                                                                        PROPERTIES        EQUIPMENT      VEHICLES            Total
                                                                                               $m                $m           $m              $m
               2020
               Balance at the beginning of the financial year                                    525             26               2           553
               Acquisition of subsidiary                                                           31               -              -            31
               Additions to right-of-use assets                                                    42              2              2             46
               Depreciation and impairment                                                        (88)            (7)            (1)           (96)
               Derecognition of right-of-use assets                                                 (1)             -              -             (1)
               Net foreign exchange movements                                                       (2)             -              -             (2)
               Balance at the end of the financial year                                          507             21               3           531

               IAG recognised an impairment of $10 million on its right-of-use assets as a result of the planned closure of the AMI retail network
               across New Zealand.

               II. Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                                             2020
                                                                                                                                               $m
               Current                                                                                                                         82
               Non-current                                                                                                                    573
               Carrying value of lease liabilities                                                                                            655

               Due within 1 year                                                                                                               94
               Due within 1 to 2 years                                                                                                        153
               Due within 2 to 5 years                                                                                                        210
               Due after 5 years                                                                                                              284
               Total undiscounted lease liabilities                                                                                           741




                                                                                                                                                 91
               III. Net investment in sub-lease
               The Group has leased out a portion of one of its leased properties, which it has classified as a finance sub-lease. At the reporting
               date, the Group recognised net investment in sub-lease of $35 million which is presented within trade and other receivables in the
               consolidated balance sheet.

               B. AMOUNTS RECOGNISED IN THE STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                                                                  2020
                                                                                                                                                   $m
               Depreciation and impairment (included in underwriting expense and fee-based, corporate and other expenses)                          (96)
               Interest expense (included in finance costs)                                                                                        (19)




For personal use only
               Expense relating to short-term leases (included in underwriting expense and fee-based, corporate and other
               expenses)                                                                                                                             (2)
               Interest income from sub-leasing right-of-use assets (included in fee and other income)                                                1

               C. AMOUNTS RECOGNISED IN THE CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                                                                                                  2020
                                                                                                                                                   $m
               Total cash outflow for leases                                                                                                        95

               D. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Properties, motor vehicles and equipment of the Group are leased under non-cancellable lease agreements, which are measured
               under AASB 16. Most leases are subject to annual review and, where appropriate, a right of renewal has been incorporated into
               the lease agreements. There are no options to purchase the relevant assets on expiry of the lease.

               For lessees, until the 2019 financial year, leases of property, motor vehicles and equipment were classified as either finance leases
               or operating leases. From 1 July 2019, leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date in
               which the Group has the right to use the asset. See Note 8.5 for details on the impact of the change.

               Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured as the present value of lease payments over the term of the
               agreement that are not paid at that date. Lease liabilities include the following lease payments:
                  fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable; and
                  variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
                   commencement date.

               The lease term is determined as the non-cancellable period of a lease, considering any options to extend or early terminate the
               lease that the entity reasonably expects to exercise.

               The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined, which is
               generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee
               would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic
               environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

               To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:
                  identifies the relevant risk-free yield curve for the country-specific lease and lease term; and
                  applies a margin to the risk-free rate that reflects the entity-specific credit risk which reflects the rate at which it could borrow
                   from external markets. The margin has been identified by taking an average of those applied in external markets by entities
                   with a similar credit rating issuing debt for durations which are consistent with the terms of leases held by IAG.

               The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate, which are not included in
               the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take effect, the lease
               liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use asset.

               Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost representing the time value of money is
               charged to the profit or loss over the lease period. The discount rate applied is unchanged from that applied at the initial
               recognition of the lease, unless there are material changes to the lease.

               Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
                  the initial measurement of lease liability; adjusted for
                  any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received;
                  any initial direct costs; and
                  restoration costs.

               Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

               Payments associated with short-term leases of property, motor vehicles and equipment are recognised on a straight-line basis as
               an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases have a lease term of 12 months or less.




               92 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               6. GROUP STRUCTURE
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section provides disclosures on the Group structure, including details of the significant controlled entities and equity
               accounted investments. It also provides details of any significant acquisitions and divestments during the year.


               NOTE 6.1 DISPOSALS OF BUSINESSES
               A. SALE OF SUBSIDIARY
               On 30 September 2019, IAG completed the sale of its Indonesian subsidiary, PT Asuransi Parolamas, for a net consideration of $14




For personal use only
               million.

               B. SALE OF ASSOCIATE
               On 30 March 2020, IAG announced the completion of the disposal of its 26% interest in its joint venture with the State Bank of
               India, SBI General Insurance Company Limited, following completion of all the requisite regulatory processes and approvals.
               Details of the sale are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                2020
                                                                                                                                                  $m
               Consideration received:
                Cash consideration                                                                                                                692
                Transaction costs, including withholding tax and hedging costs                                                                   (113)
               Net cash consideration received                                                                                                    579

               Carrying amount of investment in associate                                                                                        (202)
               Other transaction costs                                                                                                             (64)
               Gain on sale before income tax and reclassification of foreign currency translation reserve                                        313

               Reclassification of foreign currency translation reserve                                                                             (4)
               Gain on sale before income tax                                                                                                     309
               Income tax benefit                                                                                                                  17
               Gain on sale after income tax                                                                                                      326


               NOTE 6.2 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
               On 19 June 2018, IAG announced it had entered into a sale agreement with Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (Tokio
               Marine) for IAG’s operations in Thailand and Indonesia. Separate to the transactions with Tokio Marine, IAG agreed the sale of its
               interest in AAA Assurance Corporation, based in Vietnam. These consolidated Asian businesses have been identified as
               discontinued operations. The sale of IAG's operations in Thailand and Indonesia were completed on 31 August 2018 and 30
               September 2019 respectively, with the performance of these operations being included up to their respective completion dates.

               The counterparty to the agreed sale of AAA Corporation has failed to receive the necessary regulatory approvals and will not be
               proceeding. IAG is assessing alternative exit options for its Vietnam business but still expects to dispose of its economic interest
               over the coming twelve months.

                                                                                                                               2020            2019
                                                                                                                                 $m              $m
               A. RESULTS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
               Revenue                                                                                                            20            224
               Expenses                                                                                                          (22)          (227)
               Loss before income tax                                                                                              (2)            (3)
               Income tax expense                                                                                                    -            (1)
               Loss for the year from discontinued operations                                                                      (2)            (4)
               (Loss)/gain on sale of subsidiaries after income tax                                                                (2)          208
               (Loss)/profit from discontinued operations                                                                          (4)          204
               Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                                               2            20
               Total comprehensive (loss)/income from discontinued operations                                                      (2)          224

               (Loss)/profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the Parent                                              (4)           205
               Loss for the year attributable to non-controlling interests                                                          -             (1)
               (Loss)/profit for the year from discontinued operations                                                            (4)           204

               Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year attributable to shareholders of the Parent                          (2)           225
               Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable to non-controlling interests                                      -             (1)
               Total comprehensive (loss)/income from discontinued operations                                                     (2)           224

                                                                                                                                                  93
                                                                                                                                                                    2020               2019
                                                                                                                                                                      $m                 $m

               B. EARNINGS PER SHARE FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
               Basic earnings per share, from discontinued operations – cents per share                                                                             (0.17)               8.81
               Diluted earnings per share, from discontinued operations – cents per share                                                                           (0.16)               8.14

               C. CASH FLOW FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
               Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                                  (4)              (24)




For personal use only
               Net cash flows from investing activities*                                                                                                                  3              382
               Net cash flows from financing activities                                                                                                                    -               23
               Net cash flows for the year from discontinued operations                                                                                                  (1)             381
               *        The net cash flows from investing activities for the year ended 30 June 2020 includes a net inflow of $5 million from the sale of IAG's Indonesian operations, which is
                        comprised of the net cash consideration received of $14 million and the cash and cash equivalents disposed which totalled $9 million (2019: a net inflow of $383
                        million from the sale of IAG's Thailand operations, which is comprised of the net cash consideration received of $506 million and the cash and cash equivalents
                        disposed of totalling $123 million).


               D. ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE
               The assets and liabilities that were classified as held for sale as at 30 June 2019, related to IAG's consolidated businesses in
               Vietnam and Indonesia. Following the completion of the sale of the operations in Indonesia in the current financial year, the
               remaining assets and liabilities classified as held for sale now relate solely to the business in Vietnam.

                                                                                                                                                                    2020               2019
                                                                                                                                                                      $m                 $m
               Cash held for operational purposes                                                                                                                      1                 10
               Investments                                                                                                                                            22                 33
               Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                              -                 3
               Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims                                                                                                  1                  3
               Deferred insurance expenses                                                                                                                             2                  3
               Other assets                                                                                                                                            7                  8
               Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                                                           -                 1
               Total assets held for sale                                                                                                                             33                 61

               Trade and other payables                                                                                                                                  4                  7
               Outstanding claims liability                                                                                                                              5                  9
               Unearned premium liability                                                                                                                                5                 10
               Other liabilities                                                                                                                                          -                 1
               Total liabilities held for sale                                                                                                                          14                 27

               E. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a
               sale transaction rather than through continuing use and a sale is considered highly probable. They are measured at the lower of
               their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell, except for assets such as deferred tax assets, assets arising from employee
               benefits, financial assets and contractual rights under insurance contracts, which are specifically exempt from this requirement.
               Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale are presented separately in the balance sheet.

               An impairment loss is recognised for any initial or subsequent write-down of the asset (or disposal group) to fair value less costs to
               sell. A gain is recognised for any subsequent increases in fair value less costs to sell of an asset (or disposal group), but not in
               excess of any cumulative impairment loss previously recognised. A gain or loss not previously recognised by the date of the sale of
               the non-current asset (or disposal group) is recognised at the date of derecognition.

               Non-current assets (including those that are part of a disposal group) are not depreciated or amortised while they are classified as
               held for sale. Interest and other expenses attributable to the liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for sale continue to be
               recognised.

               A discontinued operation is a component of the entity that has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale and that represents
               a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations, is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of such a line
               of business or area of operations, or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. The results of discontinued
               operations are presented separately in the statement of profit or loss. When an operation is classified as a discontinued operation,
               the comparative statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income is re-presented as if the operation had been
               discontinued from the start of the comparative year.




               94 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               NOTE 6.3 DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES
               The following table details IAG’s general insurance operations and other significant controlled entities:

                                                                                                                                COUNTRY OF                 OWNERSHIP INTEREST
                                                                                                                                INCORPORATION/               HELD BY GROUP IF
                                                                                                                                FORMATION                           NOT 100%
                                                                                                                                                              2020       2019
                                                                                                                                                                 %          %
               A. ULTIMATE PARENT




For personal use only
               Insurance Australia Group Limited                                                                                Australia

               B. SUBSIDIARIES
               I. Australian general insurance operations
               Insurance Australia Limited                                                                                      Australia
               Insurance Manufacturers of Australia Pty Limited                                                                 Australia                      70.00           70.00

               II. New Zealand general insurance operations
               IAG New Zealand Limited                                                                                          New Zealand

               III. International insurance operations
               AAA Assurance Corporation*                                                                                       Vietnam                        73.07           73.07
               IAG Re Labuan (L) Berhad                                                                                         Malaysia
               IAG Re Singapore Pte Ltd                                                                                         Singapore

               *        On 19 June 2018, IAG announced the sale of its businesses in Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia. The sale of IAG's operations in Thailand and Indonesia were completed
                        on 31 August 2018 and 30 September 2019 respectively. Refer to Notes 6.1 and 6.2.


               NOTE 6.4 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
               A. SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
               Set out below is summarised financial information (before intercompany eliminations) of controlled entities where significant non-
               controlling interests exist, being Insurance Manufacturers of Australia Pty Limited of which IAG's beneficial interest is 70%.

                                                                                                                                                                    INSURANCE
                                                                                                                                                            MANUFACTURERS OF
                                                                                                                                                          AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                            2020           2019
                                                                                                                                                              $m             $m
               I. Summarised statement of comprehensive income
               Net premium revenue                                                                                                                            3,413              3,344
               Profit after tax attributable to the Parent entity                                                                                               149                229
               Profit after tax attributable to non-controlling interest                                                                                         64                 98
               Other comprehensive income                                                                                                                         (2)                (2)
               Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                       211                325

               II. Summarised balance sheet
               Total assets                                                                                                                                   4,832              4,603
               Total liabilities                                                                                                                             (3,927)            (3,619)
               Net assets                                                                                                                                       905                984
               Carrying amount of non-controlling interest                                                                                                      272                295

               III. Summarised cash flow
               Net cash flows from operating and investing activities                                                                                           644                168
               Dividends paid to other IAG entities                                                                                                            (204)              (168)
               Dividends paid to non-controlling interest                                                                                                        (87)               (72)
               Total net cash flows                                                                                                                             353                 (72)




                                                                                                                                                                                      95
               NOTE 6.5 INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURE AND ASSOCIATES
               A. INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURE AND ASSOCIATES
               Summarised information of interests in material associates and joint venture accounted for on an equity basis is as follows:

                                                                     COUNTRY OF
                                                                     INCORPORATION/                                                                                         OWNERSHIP
                                                                     FORMATION                   PRINCIPAL ACTIVITY                      CARRYING VALUE                       INTEREST
                                                                                                                                           2020           2019         2020           2019
                                                                                                                                              $m            $m              %             %




For personal use only
               AmGeneral Holdings Berhad
               (AmGeneral)                                           Malaysia                    Insurance underwriting                     341           356         49.00          49.00
               SBI General Insurance Company
               Limited (SBI General)*                                India                       Insurance underwriting                        -          172                -       26.00
               Other                                                                                                                         10            16
                                                                                                                                            351           544
               *        The sale of SBI General was completed on 30 March 2020. Refer to Note 6.1 for further details.

               For further details on the impact from COVID-19 refer to Note 1.2.

               B. SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
               Summarised financial information of IAG's material associate, AmGeneral, is provided below. The summarised financial information
               represents the financial position and performance of the entity as a whole (100% stand-alone basis) and not just IAG's share. The
               financial statements below are for the year ended 31 March.

                                                                                                                                                              AMGENERAL HOLDINGS
                                                                                                                                                                          BERHAD
                                                                                                                                                               2020         2019
                                                                                                                                                                 $m           $m
               I. Summarised statement of comprehensive income
               Revenue                                                                                                                                             625                 570

               Profit after tax                                                                                                                                     84                   71
               Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                           84                   71
               Dividends received from associate                                                                                                                    18                   80

               II. Summarised balance sheet
               Total assets                                                                                                                                    2,020                 1,914
               Total liabilities                                                                                                                              (1,261)               (1,210)
               Net assets as at reporting date                                                                                                                   759                   704
               IAG's ownership interest                                                                                                                           372                  345
               Other adjustments*                                                                                                                                  (30)                 11
               Carrying value as at 30 June                                                                                                                       342                  356
               *        Other adjustments include IFRS adjustments, foreign exchange revaluations, goodwill, intangibles and share of profit/(loss) from financial statement date to 30 June.

               AmGeneral Holdings Berhad is not listed on a stock exchange. It has a 31 March financial year end and is equity accounted using
               financial information for the reporting year to 30 June which includes, at least in part, unaudited management results.

               C. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               IAG's investments in its associates and joint venture are accounted for using the equity method and are those entities over which it
               exercises significant influence or joint control, generally reflecting a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights of
               an entity. The investment in associates is initially recognised at cost (fair value of consideration provided plus directly attributable
               costs) and subsequently adjusted for the post-acquisition change in the investor's share of net assets of the investee. The
               investor's share of the profit or loss of the investee is included in the profit or loss of IAG and disclosed as a separate line in the
               consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Distributions received reduce the carrying amount of the investment and are
               not included as dividend revenue of IAG. Movements in the total equity of the investee that are not recognised in the profit or loss
               of the investee are recognised directly in equity of IAG and disclosed in the statement of changes in equity. The carrying values of
               the investments are reviewed annually for impairment.

               Where an entity either began or ceased to be an associate during the current financial reporting year, the investment is equity
               accounted from the date significant influence commenced or up to the date significant influence ceased.

               The financial statements of associates are adjusted where necessary to comply with the significant accounting policies of IAG.



               96 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               When IAG's share of losses exceeds its interest in the investee, the carrying amount of the investment is reduced to nil and
               recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that IAG has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of
               the investee.


               NOTE 6.6 PARENT ENTITY DISCLOSURES
               The ultimate Parent entity in the Group is Insurance Australia Group Limited, which is incorporated in Australia. The following
               information of the Parent entity is disclosed as required by the current regulatory requirements in Australia.

                                                                                                                                            PARENT




For personal use only
                                                                                                                               2020           2019
                                                                                                                                 $m             $m
               A. FINANCIAL RESULTS
               Profit for the year                                                                                             1,385             511
               Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                                             1,385             511
               B. FINANCIAL POSITION
               Current assets                                                                                                   357            238
               Total assets                                                                                                  11,264         10,441
               Current liabilities                                                                                              199             87
               Total liabilities                                                                                              2,179          2,047
               C. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
               Share capital                                                                                                   6,617          6,617
               Retained earnings                                                                                               2,468          1,777
               Total shareholders' equity                                                                                      9,085          8,394

               D. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
               There are no known material exposures to the Parent or events that would require it to satisfy any guarantees or take action under
               a support agreement (2019: nil).

               Recognition and measurement
               Contingent liabilities are not recognised on the balance sheet but are disclosed where the possibility of settlement is less than
               probable but more than remote. Provisions are not required with respect to these matters as it is not probable that a future
               sacrifice of economic benefits will be required or the amount is not reliably measurable. If settlement becomes probable, a
               provision is recognised. The best estimate of the settlement amount is used in measuring a contingent liability for disclosure.

               E. COMMITMENTS
               The Parent has no material commitments (2019: nil).

               7. UNRECOGNISED ITEMS
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section provides an overview of those items that are not required to be recognised in the financial statements, but may have
               informative content in relation to IAG’s performance or financial position and are required to be disclosed under the accounting
               standards. These include:
                   contingencies – these primarily relate to contingent liabilities that are only recognised in the financial statements when their
                    settlement becomes probable or the amount to be settled can be reliably measured; and
                   events subsequent to reporting date – information is included on non-adjusting events, favourable and unfavourable, that
                    occur between the end of the reporting period and the date when the financial statements are authorised for issue. For
                    example, disclosure of the final dividend in relation to a financial year as it is declared to be paid by the Board subsequent to
                    the reporting date.


               NOTE 7.1 CONTINGENCIES
               In the normal course of business, transactions are entered into that may generate a range of contingent liabilities. These include
               litigation arising out of insurance policies and IAG's undertakings for maintenance of net worth and liquidity support to subsidiaries.
               Such undertakings constitute a statement of present intent only and are not intended to give rise to any binding legal obligation.
               The Directors are of the opinion that provisions are not required in respect of these matters, as it is either not probable that a
               future sacrifice of economic benefits will be required or the amount is not capable of reliable measurement.

               IAG conducts fiduciary activities in the form of investment management as it operates as manager, custodian or trustee for a
               number of investments and trusts. The funds managed on behalf of third parties which are not included in IAG's balance sheet had
               a fair value as at the reporting date of $419 million (2019: $358 million).




                                                                                                                                                   97
               In the current financial year, the Group has recognised insurance liabilities for potential COVID-19 claim impacts that remain highly
               uncertain. These liabilities have been recognised on a probability-weighted basis in accordance with the relevant accounting
               standard (AASB 1023). Given the extent of the related uncertainty, the range of potential financial outcomes is unusually wide. For
               further information refer to Note 1.2.

               As at 30 June 2020, the Group had a contingent liability in respect of the matters outlined below:
                   As was communicated in an ASX announcement dated 11 April 2019, a representative proceeding has been filed by Johnson
                    Winter & Slattery in the Federal Court of Australia against IAG subsidiaries, Swann Insurance (Aust) Pty Ltd and Insurance
                    Australia Limited, on behalf of Jones Asirifi Otchere. Given the stage these proceedings are at, it is currently not possible to
                    determine the ultimate financial impact this claim will have on IAG, if any. IAG is defending this claim.
                    As advised on 24 January 2020, a proactive review of IAG’s pricing systems and processes is ongoing. The outcome of this




For personal use only
               
                    review, and the scale of any further potential costs over and above the customer refund provision recognised during the
                    current financial year, are presently uncertain.
                   To satisfy itself of compliance, and in keeping with a number of other large corporations, IAG is currently undertaking a
                    retrospective compliance review across a number of its payroll-related procedures. It is too early to definitively determine what
                    the financial outcome may be.

               NOTE 7.2 EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE
               Details of matters subsequent to the end of the financial year are set out below. These include:
                  On 24 July 2020, IAG provided an update on its preliminary results for the year ended 30 June 2020. This announcement
                   confirmed that the Group was expecting gross written premium (GWP) growth of around 1%, consistent with the ‘low single
                   digit’ guidance maintained throughout the 2020 financial year and an insurance margin of approximately 10% (on a
                   management reported basis), with the shortfall against prior guidance of 12.5-14.5% largely driven by adverse natural perils,
                   prior period reserving and credit spread factors. These financial statements are consistent with the preliminary financial
                   results reported.
                  On 7 August 2020, the Board determined not to pay a final dividend.

               In a COVID-19 context, IAG notes the recent developments in Victoria, including the declaration of a State of Disaster with effect
               from 2 August 2020, where the related business effects remain highly uncertain.

               8. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section includes other information that must be disclosed to comply with the Accounting Standards, Corporations Act and ASX
               Listing Rules, but which is considered less relevant to understanding IAG's performance or financial position.


               NOTE 8.1 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                                                                                $m             $m
               A. COMPOSITION OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
               Cash held for operational purposes                                                                               405           538
               Cash and short-term money held in investments                                                                  1,893         1,121
               Cash and cash equivalents in discontinued operations                                                              24            39
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                      2,322         1,698

               B. RECONCILIATION OF PROFIT FOR THE YEAR TO NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
               Profit for the year                                                                                              494         1,173
               I. Non-cash items
               Net gains on disposal of subsidiaries excluding transaction costs                                               (373)          (300)
               Net losses/(gains) on investments                                                                                304           (191)
               Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                                  45           106
               Depreciation of right-of-use assets and property and equipment and impairment                                    152              64
               Other non-cash items                                                                                              (42)           (16)
               II. Movement in operating assets and liabilities
               Insurance assets                                                                                                (539)          (398)
               Insurance liabilities                                                                                            145             (37)
               Net movement in other operating assets and liabilities                                                           155            217
               Net movement in tax assets and liabilities                                                                      (209)            (91)
               Provisions                                                                                                       249              62
               Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                         381            589




               98 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               C. SIGNIFICANT NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO FINANCING AND INVESTING TRANSACTIONS
               There were no financing or investing transactions during the year which have had a material effect on the assets and liabilities that
               did not involve cash flows.

               D. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Cash and cash equivalents represent cash at bank and on hand, deposits at call and short-term money held in investments, net of
               any bank overdraft. Money held in investments is readily convertible to cash within two working days and subject to insignificant
               risk of change in value. The majority of the amounts bear variable rates of interest based on daily bank deposit rates. Those
               balances bearing a fixed rate of interest mature in less than one year.




For personal use only
               NOTE 8.2 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
               A. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL
               I. Details of compensation
               Key management personnel (KMP) are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the
               activities of the entity, directly or indirectly, including any Director (whether Executive or otherwise) of that entity. It is important to
               note that the Company’s Non-Executive Directors are specifically required to be included as KMP in accordance with AASB 124
               Related Party Disclosures. However, the Non-Executive Directors do not consider that they are part of 'management'. The
               aggregate compensation disclosed in the table below represents the KMP’s estimated compensation received from IAG in relation
               to their involvement in the activities within the Group.

                                                                                                                                   2020            2019
                                                                                                                                   $000            $000
               Short-term employee benefits                                                                                       10,141          12,854
               Post-employment benefits                                                                                              342             333
               Other long-term benefits                                                                                               92              14
               Share-based payments                                                                                                7,050           8,856
                                                                                                                                  17,625          22,057

               II. Other benefits
               Remuneration does not include premiums paid by IAG for an insurance contract covering current and former Non-Executive
               Directors' and Executives' liabilities and legal expenses incurred in respect of the relevant office, as the insurance policies do not
               specify premiums paid on behalf of specific individual Non-Executive Directors and Executives and the terms of the contract
               specifically prohibit the disclosure of the premium paid. Insurance products provided by IAG are available to all Non-Executive
               Directors and Executives on the same terms and conditions available to other employees.

               NOTE 8.3 REMUNERATION OF AUDITORS
                                                                                                                                    2020            2019
                                                                                                                                    $000            $000
               A. KPMG
               Audit of the financial statements prepared for the Parent and subsidiaries                                          7,806           7,504
               Audit of statutory returns in accordance with regulatory requirements                                                 572             576
               Other assurance services                                                                                              160             175
               Advisory services                                                                                                   1,472           3,031
               Total remuneration of auditors                                                                                     10,010          11,286

               During the 2019 financial year, IAG engaged external legal advisors in relation to the Royal Commission. As part of this
               engagement, the legal advisors appointed IAG’s auditors, KPMG, to provide project administration, documentation and preparation
               assistance, process and control review and testing and general assistance. The costs incurred for this engagement relating to
               KPMG totalled $1,526 thousand, which were presented within advisory services costs above for the 2019 financial year. No costs
               in relation to this engagement have been incurred during the current financial year.

               NOTE 8.4 NET TANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                                                    2020            2019
                                                                                                                                        $               $
               Net tangible assets per ordinary share                                                                                1.27            1.43

               Net tangible assets per ordinary share have been determined using the net assets on the balance sheet adjusted for non-
               controlling interests, intangible assets and goodwill.




                                                                                                                                                        99
               NOTE 8.5 IMPACT OF NEW AUSTRALIAN ACCOUNTING STANDARDS ISSUED
               A. ISSUED AND EFFECTIVE
               The new Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations applicable for the current reporting year are given below.

               TITLE               DESCRIPTION
               AASB 16             Leases
               AASB 2017-6         Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation
               AASB 2017-7         Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
               AASB 2018-1         Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Annual Improvements 2015–2017 Cycle




For personal use only
               AASB 2018-2         Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement
               AASB Interpretation Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments, and relevant amending standards
               23

               Adoption of the new and amended accounting standards had no material financial impact on the Group. Information on the impact
               of AASB 16 is provided below for clarity.

               AASB 16 Leases
               AASB 16, which was issued in 2016, sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of
               leases. It replaced the previous accounting requirements for leases, under AASB 117, effective from 1 July 2019 for IAG.

               AASB 16 requires lessees to recognise most leases on the balance sheet in the form of a right-of-use asset (ROUA) and a
               corresponding lease liability. The standard allows exemptions for short-term leases (less than 12 months) and for leases on low
               value assets. For IAG, the main impact of the new standard was on leases which were previously classified as operating leases,
               being predominantly property and motor vehicle related leases.

               As a result of the adoption of AASB 16, IAG has recognised depreciation expense on ROUAs, on a straight-line basis over the lease
               term, and interest expense on lease liabilities.

               IAG has adopted AASB 16 using the modified retrospective approach with the date of initial application being 1 July 2019. Under
               this approach, the cumulative effect of adoption is recognised as an adjustment to opening retained earnings as at 1 July 2019,
               with no restatement of comparative information.

               The modified retrospective approach allows entities to use a number of practical expedients on adoption of the new standard, of
               which IAG elected to use the following:
                  the use of a single discount rate applied to a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics;
                  reliance on previous assessments of whether a lease was onerous immediately before the date of initial application;
                  for some leases which meet the definition of a short-term lease, non-application of AASB 16; and
                  the use of hindsight in determining the lease term where the contract contains options to extend or terminate a lease.

               The effect of adoption of AASB 16 as at 1 July 2019 is as follows:

                                                                                                                             Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                                                             $m
               Assets
               Right-of-use assets                                                                                                           553
               Trade and other receivables                                                                                                     35
               Property and equipment                                                                                                         (35)
               Deferred tax assets                                                                                                             14
               Other assets                                                                                                                     (6)
               Total assets                                                                                                                  561

               Liabilities
               Lease liabilities                                                                                                             655
               Trade and other payables                                                                                                       (29)
               Other liabilities                                                                                                              (32)
               Total liabilities                                                                                                             594

               Equity
               Retained earnings                                                                                                             (33)

               On transition to AASB 16, the modified retrospective approach provides two options for measurement of the ROUA. The first option
               is to measure the ROUA as an amount equal to the lease liability adjusted for any prepaid or accrued lease payments. The second
               option is to measure the ROUA as if AASB 16 had always been applied from the initial recognition of the lease. These
               measurement options have been applied on a lease-by-lease basis.




               100 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               The following is a reconciliation of total operating lease commitments as at 30 June 2019 to the lease liabilities recognised as at 1
               July 2019:

                                                                                                                                                  $m
               Operating lease commitments disclosed as at 30 June 2019                                                                         792
               Discounted using IAG's incremental borrowing rate at the date of initial application                                              (98)
               Add: finance lease liabilities recognised as at 30 June 2019                                                                       33
               Less: contracts reassessed as service agreements                                                                                  (72)
               Lease liability recognised as at 1 July 2019                                                                                     655

               When measuring lease liabilities for leases that were classified as operating leases, IAG discounted lease payments using its




For personal use only
               incremental borrowing rate at 1 July 2019. The weighted-average rate applied is 2.7%.

               B. ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE
               As at the date of this financial report, there are a number of new and revised accounting standards published by the Australian
               Accounting Standards Board for which the mandatory application dates fall after the end of this current reporting year.

               None of these standards have been early adopted and applied in the current reporting year.

               TITLE                DESCRIPTION                                                                      OPERATIVE DATE         NOTE
               AASB 17              Insurance Contracts                                                              1 January 2021         B
               AASB 2014-10         Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Sale or Contribution of          1 January 2022         A
                                    Assets between an Investor and its Associate
               AASB 2018-6          Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Definition of a Business         1 January 2020         A
               AASB 2018-7          Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Definition of Material           1 January 2020         A
               AASB 2019-1          Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – References to the                1 January 2020         A
                                    Conceptual Framework
               AASB 2020-1          Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Classification of Liabilities    1 January 2022         A
                                    as Current or Non-current
               AASB 2020-3          Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Annual Improvements              1 January 2022         A
                                    2018–2020 and Other Amendments
               AASB 2020-4          Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Covid-19-Related Rent            1 June 2020            A
                                    Concessions

               TABLE NOTE
               A These changes are not expected to have a significant, if any, financial and disclosure impact.
               B The changes may have financial impact, however the assessment has not been completed yet. This standard is subject to
                  change based on revisions issued by the IASB, including the effective date which has been proposed to be changed to 1
                  January 2023.
               The Australian Accounting Standards and amendments detailed in the table above are not mandatory for IAG until the operative
               dates stated, however, early adoption is permitted. IAG currently plans to apply the standards and amendments detailed above for
               the reporting periods beginning on or after the operative dates set out above.
               AASB 17 Insurance Contracts
               AASB 17, the new accounting standard for insurance contracts, was adopted by the Australian Accounting Standards Board on 19
               July 2017 subsequent to being issued by the IASB on 18 May 2017. Since the standard was issued, various implementation
               matters have been raised by stakeholders and the IASB has considered these concerns and suggested targeted amendments to
               the standard. The proposed amendments have been considered by the IASB and industry constituents with a finalised standard
               issued on 10 July 2020. One of the changes to the standard, in addition to several others, is an agreed effective date for periods
               beginning 1 January 2023, with early adoption permitted.

               The first applicable reporting period for IAG is expected to be the year ending 30 June 2024, with the comparative period for the
               year ending 30 June 2023. The standard introduces a new general measurement model for accounting for insurance contracts,
               with the application of a simplified approach (similar to AASB 1023) permitted in certain circumstances. IAG has completed a
               detailed impact assessment of the new standard and has determined that the Group is expected to be eligible to apply the
               simplified approach to the insurance contracts issued by the Group (based on the current portfolio mix). It is expected that there
               will be substantial changes in presentation of the financial statements and disclosures.

               Given the complexity and differing interpretations around key requirements of the standard, the final impact of certain
               requirements may not be determined until global interpretations and regulatory responses to the new standard are finalised.




                                                                                                                                                101
               DIRECTORS' DECLARATION
               In the opinion of the Directors of Insurance Australia Group Limited:

                       the financial statements and Notes 1 to 8.5, including all the remuneration disclosures that are contained in the
                        Remuneration Report of the Directors’ Report, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 including:
                         giving a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2020 and of their performance, as




For personal use only
                             represented by the results of their operations and their cash flows, for the year ended on that date;
                           complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; and
                           the financial report also complies with International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed in Note 1.2.B; and

                       the Remuneration Report of the Directors’ Report complies with the Corporations Act 2001 and Australian Accounting
                        Standards; and
                       there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and
                        payable.

               The Directors have been given the declaration required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the Chief Executive
               Officer and the Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2020.

               Signed at Sydney this 7th day of August 2020 in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




               Peter Harmer
               Director




               102 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               INDEPENDENT
               AUDITOR'S REPORT
               TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL REPORT
               Opinion




For personal use only
               We have audited the Financial Report of Insurance Australia                           The Financial Report comprises:
               Group Limited (the Company).                                                              Consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2020;
               In our opinion, the accompanying Financial Report of the                                  Consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
                                                                                                          Consolidated statement of changes in equity, and
               Company is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
                                                                                                          Consolidated cash flow statement for the year then
               including:
                                                                                                          ended;
                   giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position
                    as at 30 June 2020 and of its financial performance for                              Notes including a summary of significant accounting
                    the year ended on that date; and                                                      policies; and
                   complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the                               Directors’ Declaration.
                    Corporations Regulations 2001.
                                                                                                     The Group consists of the Company and the entities it
                                                                                                     controlled at the year-end or from time to time during the
                                                                                                     financial year.
               Basis for opinion
               We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
               sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
               Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial
               Report section of our report.
               We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting
               Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
               Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the Financial Report in Australia. We have fulfilled our other ethical
               responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
               Key Audit Matters
               The Key Audit Matters we identified are:                                          Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional
                       Valuation of Gross outstanding claims liability                          judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
                                                                                                 Financial Report of the current period.
                       Valuation of Reinsurance and other recoveries on
                        outstanding claims
                                                                                                 These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
                       Valuation of Goodwill and Investment in joint venture and                Financial Report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
                        associates                                                               and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
                       Customer refund provision

               Valuation of Gross outstanding claims liability ($10,584 million)
               Refer to Note 2.2 of the Financial Report
               The key audit matter                                                              How the matter was addressed in our audit
               Valuation of Gross outstanding claims liability is a key audit                    We involved our actuarial specialists and senior personnel with
               matter due to the following factors:                                              deep industry experience. Our key procedures included:
                       judgement is required by us to consider the central
                        estimate of the gross outstanding claims liability. This is a                   comparing the Group’s actuarial methodologies with the
                        significant estimate as the eventual outcomes of incurred                        methodologies applied in the industry, prior periods and the
                        but unsettled claims at the balance sheet date are                               requirements of accounting standards;
                        inherently uncertain;                                                           obtaining an understanding of the Group’s governance
                       there is limited information available and a greater level of                    processes, including Reserving Committees and actuarial
                        uncertainty inherent in assessing the Group’s estimations                        control cycles for the valuation of the outstanding claims
                        of claims which have been incurred by the balance sheet                          liabilities;
                        date but have not yet been reported to the Group;




                                                                                                                                                                         103
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative (“KPMG
               International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                       judgement is required when considering the Group’s                            evaluating the actuarial methodologies and the
                        application of historical experience of claims development                     assumptions including loss ratios, claim frequency and
                        to determine current estimates, including the greater                          average size of claims, ultimate claims costs and allowance
                        variability between the original estimation and the ultimate                   for future claims inflation applied in the previous reporting
                        settlement of claims where there is a long time delay                          period by comparing the actual claims development to the
                        between the claim being incurred and the ultimate                              prior year claims liability estimate. We used the
                        settlement. Examples include claims arising from Workers’                      information to assess the current year’s actuarial
                        Compensation, Liability, Compulsory Third Party (CTP) and                      assumptions applied in the valuation;
                        the main Canterbury earthquakes of September 2010 and                         challenging key actuarial assumptions by comparing these
                        February 2011;                                                                 to our expectations based on the Group’s historical
                        claims estimation uses an actuarial modelling process                          experience, our industry knowledge and externally




For personal use only
               
                        which involves complex and subjective actuarial                                observable trends (e.g. APRA and regulatory statistics);
                        methodologies, as well as judgements and assumptions                          evaluating the Group’s assessment of COVID-19 on
                        about future events and developments, both within and                          insurance liabilities including key judgements in relation to
                        external to the Group. Actuarial assumptions include loss                      potential claims arising from circumstances connected with
                        ratios, claim frequency and average size of claims, and                        the COVID-19 pandemic;
                        allowance for future claims inflation. Changes in                             evaluating the attribution of claims cost to Canterbury
                        methodologies, judgements and assumptions can have                             earthquake events, by comparing these to our expectations
                        significant implications to the quantification of outstanding                  based on the Group’s historical experience, our industry
                        claims liabilities, as outlined in Note 2.2(E). Specific to the                knowledge and externally observable trends;
                        current environment, COVID-19 has caused significant
                        disruption across Australia and New Zealand. As a result                      considering judgements by the Group to estimate the
                        claims activity through the period may not be                                  period in which the claims will be settled by analysing
                        representative of future claims activity and judgement is                      historical payment patterns and any significant changes;
                        required when considering the use of recent experience to                     assessing the risk margin parameters for significant
                        determine outstanding claims liabilities;                                      portfolios to external sources of data including published
                       judgement is required to assess the Group’s estimation of                      statistics (e.g. APRA-published data), prior periods and our
                        the probability of claims arising from circumstances                           industry knowledge;
                        connected with the COVID-19 pandemic. This includes                           critically evaluating the Group’s judgment in the execution
                        interpretation of policy wordings, estimation of potential                     of the outstanding claims liability calculations by comparing
                        losses on a probability-weighted basis and the probable                        the overall results to our expectations based on the Group's
                        timing of the emergence of such potential claims;                              historical experience, our industry knowledge and externally
                       the Canterbury earthquake claims require judgement and                         observable trends (e.g. listed competitors);
                        technical actuarial expertise to evaluate the Group’s                         for certain classes of business we independently projected
                        attribution of claims costs between the September 2010                         the gross outstanding claims liability by applying our own
                        and the February 2011 Canterbury earthquake events;                            actuarial methodologies and selecting assumptions for
                       judgement is required to assess the Group’s estimation of                      those methodologies. We used this re-projection to
                        the periods the claims are expected to be settled in;                          compare our results to the Group’s estimates and
                                                                                                       challenge any significant differences;
                       the estimation of claims at year end relies on the integrity
                        of the underlying data, including claim payments and                          our procedures for testing key inputs such as claim
                        individual estimates of unsettled claims, which is gathered                    payments and estimates of unsettled claims into the
                        from a number of different systems; and                                        valuation, financial records and controls included:
                       outstanding claims includes statistically determined risk                        testing accounting and actuarial controls, such as
                        margins developed by the Group to make allowance for the                             reconciliations of key data. We involved our IT
                        inherent uncertainty in estimating ultimate claim                                    specialists for testing data integrity risks within the
                        settlements. The risk margins are included to achieve a                              claims process and claims systems;
                        specified probability of adequacy for the total outstanding                      testing key controls (e.g. reconciliations, limits of
                        claims reserves. This is an area of significant complexity                           authority or segregation of duties) within the
                        and judgement for us.                                                                estimation of claims case estimates and claims
                                                                                                             payments;
               We involved actuarial specialists to supplement our senior audit                          testing samples of claims case estimates and paid
               team members with deep industry experience in assessing this                                  claims to third party evidence (such as quotes or
               key audit matter.                                                                             invoices); and
                                                                                                      assessing the disclosures in the financial report using our
                                                                                                       understanding obtained from our testing and against the
                                                                                                       requirements of the accounting standards.


               Valuation of Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims ($6,069 million)
               Refer to Note 2.2 of the Financial Report
               The key audit matter                                                              How the matter was addressed in our audit
               The valuation of reinsurance and other recoveries on                              In addition to the audit procedures undertaken to assess the
               outstanding claims is a Key Audit Matter as:                                      valuation of gross outstanding claims liability above, our
                       reinsurance and other recoveries are quantified from                     procedures included:
                        claims case estimates, paid claims data and estimates of                      testing a sample of key controls for entering reinsurance
                        ultimate claims settlement amounts;                                            arrangements;



               104 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative (“KPMG
               International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                       the Group has extensive reinsurance arrangements                              evaluating a sample of reinsurance recoveries held to
                        designed to protect its aggregate exposure to catastrophic                     underlying contracts to assess the existence of cover the
                        claim events; and                                                              contracts provide. We selected our sample across different
                       the Group also has a range of significant reinsurance                          arrangements and contract types. We also tested the
                        contracts, including the whole-of-account quota share                          appropriateness of the recognition of the reinsurance
                        arrangements, the catastrophe excess of loss program,                          recoveries held (including those pertaining to the claims
                        adverse development covers in the form of excess of loss                       liabilities connected with the COVID-19 pandemic) in the
                        contracts, and other quota share arrangements.                                 financial statements, with reference to accounting
                                                                                                       standards and our expectations based on past experience
               Our consideration of the accounting treatment across multiple                           and our industry knowledge;
               contracts, assessment of recoverability in line with the                                evaluating a sample of reinsurance recoveries for whole-of-




For personal use only
                                                                                                 
               reinsurance agreements (including those pertaining to the                               account quota share contracts. We referred to the key
               claims liabilities connected with the COVID-19 pandemic), the                           terms of the reinsurance contracts, and applied them to the
               assessment of counterparty credit worthiness and capital                                Group’s underlying claims estimates and paid claims data
               strength requires significant effort by our senior personnel.                           as tested above to recalculate the reinsurance and other
                                                                                                       recoveries due. These independently generated results
                                                                                                       were compared to the amounts recognised by the Group;
                                                                                                      assessing the recoverability of balances owed by reinsurer
                                                                                                       counterparties by considering their credit worthiness and
                                                                                                       capital strength based on external sources of information,
                                                                                                       payment history of amounts and evaluation of any
                                                                                                       indicators of disputes with counterparties; and
                                                                                                      assessing the disclosures in the financial report using our
                                                                                                       understanding obtained from our testing and against the
                                                                                                       requirements of the accounting standards.


               Valuation of Goodwill ($2,862 million) and Investment in joint venture and associates ($351 million)
               Refer to Notes 5.1 and 6.5 of the Financial Report
               The key audit matter                                                              How the matter was addressed in our audit
               Valuation of goodwill and investment in joint venture and                         With the assistance of our valuation specialists, our procedures
               associates is a Key Audit Matter as:                                              included:
                       judgement is involved by us in assessing the cash-                            evaluating the Group’s determination of their cash-
                        generating units identified by the Group;                                      generating units based on our knowledge of the business,
                       our evaluation of potential impairment involves applying                       and understanding of the industries in which the Group
                        judgement by us in relation to the Group’s forecast cash                       operates, against the accounting standard requirements;
                        flows and key forward looking assumptions. Instances                          performing sensitivity testing, using the Group’s models, to
                        where judgement is required by us include discount rates,                      evaluate the impact of varying key assumptions such as
                        risk premium, growth rates, profit measures and terminal                       growth rates and discount rates within a reasonably
                        growth rates. We focused specifically on those cash-                           possible range. This enabled us to critically challenge the
                        generating units and associates where there were potential                     Group’s quantification of assumptions and focus our
                        impairment indicators (e.g. performance compared to                            procedures to the most sensitive assumptions;
                        budget);                                                                      assessing the Group’s key assumptions used in the
                       the Group uses complex discounted cash flow models to                          discounted cash flow models such as discount rates, risk
                        perform their annual testing of goodwill for impairment.                       premium, growth rates, profit measures and terminal
                        The models use adjusted historical performance, and a                          growth rates by comparing them to external, observable
                        range of internal and external sources as inputs to the                        metrics (e.g. GDP growth and inflation including forecasts
                        assumptions. Complex modelling, particularly those                             provided by Oxford Economics and IBIS World), historical
                        containing highly judgemental allocations of corporate                         experience, our knowledge of the markets, and current
                        costs to cash-generating units, using forward-looking                          market practice;
                        assumptions tends to be prone to greater risk for potential                   considering the appropriateness of the discounted cash
                        bias, error and inconsistent application. These conditions                     flow methodology applied by the Group to perform the
                        necessitate additional scrutiny by us, in particular to                        annual test of impairment against the requirements of the
                        address the objectivity of sources used for assumptions,                       accounting standards;
                        and their consistent application; and                                         comparing the forecast cash flows contained in the
                       significant judgement was required as a result of the                          discounted cash flow models to Board reviewed budgets
                        current COVID-19 environment. COVID-19 has caused                              and business plans; assessing the accuracy of past budgets
                        significant disruption across the countries in which the                       to actual cash flows in order to challenge the Group’s
                        Group operates. As a result there is increased judgement in                    current forecasts;
                        forecasting cash flows and assumptions used in the                            considering and challenging the Group’s assessment of the
                        discounted cash flow models.                                                   impact of COVID-19 on cash flows and assumptions as well
                                                                                                       as its assessment of a likely recovery period. As part of our
               We involved valuation and IT specialists to supplement our                              sensitivity testing and assessment of model assumptions
               senior audit team members in assessing this key audit matter.                           detailed above, we included specific analysis of reasonably
                                                                                                       possible impacts of COVID-19 specific to each CGU;
                                                                                                      comparing the valuations for a sample of joint ventures and
                                                                                                       associates to external and observable valuations for broadly
                                                                                                       similar enterprises, and investigating significant outliers;

                                                                                                                                                                         105
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative (“KPMG
               International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                                                                      assessing the Group’s allocation of corporate costs to the
                                                                                                       forecast cash flows contained in the value-in-use model,
                                                                                                       based on the requirements of the accounting standard and
                                                                                                       our understanding of the business;
                                                                                                      involving our specialists, we evaluated the internally
                                                                                                       prepared discounted cash flow model. This included:
                                                                                                         assessing the valuation approach and methodology
                                                                                                             against market and industry practices and accounting
                                                                                                             standards; and
                                                                                                         assessing the integrity of the models used, including




For personal use only
                                                                                                             the accuracy of the underlying formulas; and
                                                                                                      assessing the disclosures in the financial report using our
                                                                                                       understanding obtained from our testing and against the
                                                                                                       requirements of the accounting standards.


               Customer refund provision ($270 million)
               Refer to Note 5.3C to the Financial Report
               The key audit matter                                                              How the matter was addressed in our audit
               Customer refund provision is a Key Audit Matter as:                               Our procedures included:
                  judgement is involved in determining the existence of a                          obtaining an understanding of the Group’s processes for
                   present obligation arising as a result of a past event;                           identifying and assessing the financial impact of customer
                  judgement is involved in determining a reliable estimate of                       refund payments and associated project costs to confirm a
                   the amounts which may be ultimately paid based on                                 present obligation exists in accordance with the criteria in
                   available information arising from investigations, including                      the accounting standards;
                   estimates of related costs; and                                                  inspecting correspondence with relevant regulatory bodies;
                  our consideration of the accounting treatment and                                assessing the methodologies applied against both internal
                   valuation of the provision requires significant effort by our                     and external information available;
                   senior personnel.                                                                understanding, and challenging the assumptions used
                                                                                                     based on available information utilised to identify
                                                                                                     policyholders impacted in order to estimate the provision
                                                                                                     amounts;
                                                                                                    testing completeness by evaluating where exposures may
                                                                                                     have arisen based on the Group’s documentation including
                                                                                                     on a sample basis, tracing individual policies back to
                                                                                                     underlying calculations to determine the appropriateness of
                                                                                                     its inclusion or exclusion in the provision amount;
                                                                                                    testing a sample of estimated customer refund amounts by
                                                                                                     independently recalculating them, using the same
                                                                                                     assumptions and methodologies as management and
                                                                                                     checking to underlying policy documents;
                                                                                                    assessing the nature and quantum of management’s
                                                                                                     estimation of project costs against expectations and
                                                                                                     industry ranges;
                                                                                                    enquiry into the status of the Group’s ongoing reviews into
                                                                                                     other pricing system and process matters; and
                                                                                                    assessing the disclosures in the financial report using our
                                                                                                     understanding obtained from our testing and against the
                                                                                                     requirements of the accounting standards.

               Other Information
               Other Information is financial and non-financial information in Insurance Australia Group Limited’s annual reporting which is
               provided in addition to the Financial Report and the Auditor’s Report. The Directors are responsible for the Other Information.
               Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the Other Information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or
               any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report and our related assurance opinion.
               In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the Other Information. In doing so, we consider
               whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the Financial Report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or
               otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
               We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information, and based on the work we
               have performed on the Other Information that we obtained prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report we have nothing to report.




               106 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative (“KPMG
               International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
               Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report
               The Directors are responsible for:
                  preparing the Financial Report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the
                   Corporations Act 2001;
                  implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of a Financial Report that gives a true and fair view and is
                   free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
                  assessing the Group and Company's ability to continue as a going concern and whether the use of the going concern basis of
                   accounting is appropriate. This includes disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
                   concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group and Company or to cease operations, or have no
                   realistic alternative but to do so.




For personal use only
               Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report
               Our objective is:
                  to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is free from material misstatement, whether
                   due to fraud or error; and
                  to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.

               Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Australian
               Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
               Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
               be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this Financial Report.
               A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report is located at the Auditing and Assurance Standards
               Board website at http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1.pdf. This description forms part of our Auditor’s Report.
               REPORT ON THE REMUNERATION REPORT
               Opinion                                                                           Directors’ responsibilities
               In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Insurance Australia                    The Directors of the Company are responsible for the
               Group Limited for the year ended 30 June 2020, complies with                      preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report in
               Section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.                                        accordance with Section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                                                                                                 Our responsibilities
                                                                                                 We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 26
                                                                                                 to 46 of the Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June 2020.

                                                                                                 Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration
                                                                                                 Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with
                                                                                                 Australian Auditing Standards.




               KPMG




               Andrew Yates                                                                              Ian Moyser
               Partner                                                                                   Partner
               Sydney
               7 August 2020




                                                                                                                                                                         107
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative (“KPMG
               International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
               SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
               Information about Insurance Australia Group Limited including Company announcements, presentations and reports can be
               accessed at www.iag.com.au.

               ASX CODES
               Insurance Australia Group Limited’s ordinary shares are listed on the ASX under IAG and its capital notes are listed on the ASX
               under IAGPD.




For personal use only
               ANNUAL REPORT
               Under the Corporations Act 2001 regarding the provision of Annual Reports to shareholders, the default option for receiving Annual
               Reports is an electronic copy via IAG’s website at www.iag.com.au.

               ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
               The 2020 annual general meeting (AGM) of Insurance Australia Group Limited will commence at 10am on Friday, 23 October 2020.
               In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, our AGM this year will be held virtually for all shareholders through the online AGM platform at
               https://web.lumiagm.com. The Board of Directors will attend in person to the extent they are able to do so in a safe and
               permissible manner. The AGM will be webcast live on the internet at www.iag.com.au/shareholder-centre/annual-meetings and an
               archived version will be placed on the website after the event to enable the AGM to be viewed at a later time.

               ONLINE VOTING
               Shareholders can lodge voting instructions electronically either as a direct vote or by appointing a proxy for the 2020 AGM at
               www.iag.com.au. The information required to log on and use online voting is shown on the Notice and Access Letter.

               SHAREHOLDER QUESTIONS
               If shareholders would like to submit a written question to the Company or the Company’s auditor with regard to the AGM or any of
               the resolutions to be discussed, shareholders should send their questions to the Share Registry, Computershare Investor Services
               PTY LTD, GPO BOX 242, Melbourne VIC 3001, Australia or by fax to +61 (0)3 9473 2555. Questions for the auditor must be
               received by 5pm on 16 October 2020.
               Shareholders may also submit a question after completing their voting instructions online at www.iag.com.au. Shareholders will
               also be given a reasonable opportunity to ask questions of the Company and the auditor at the AGM.
               During the course of the AGM, IAG intends to answer as many of the frequently asked questions as practicable but will not be
               responding to individual written questions. Responses to the most commonly asked questions will be added to the website at
               www.iag.com.au/shareholder-centre/annual-meetings.

               DIVIDEND PAYMENT METHODS
               Insurance Australia Group Limited does not issue dividend payments by cheque to shareholders resident in Australia. Shareholders
               should provide the share registry with their alternative instructions as detailed below:
               IAG ordinary shares
                  Paid directly into a New Zealand bank account or to an Australian bank, credit union, building society or nominated account; or
                  Eligible shareholders can choose to participate in the Company’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP), if available, providing the
                   option to increase their shareholding without incurring brokerage or GST.

               MANAGEMENT OF HOLDING
               Using their Shareholder Reference Number (SRN) or Holder Identification Number (HIN) and postcode of their registered address,
               shareholders can view their holding online through IAG's share registry, Computershare, by following the easy prompts on their
               website at www.investorcentre.com where shareholders will be able to:
                  view holding balance;
                  review dividend payment history;
                  access shareholder forms; and
                  retrieve holding statements, including recent dividend payment advices.

               The share registry investor centre site also allows shareholders to update or add details to their shareholding. If shareholders wish
               to amend or update any of the current details, they will be asked to register by choosing a User ID and Password.
               Shareholders will also be asked to enter answers to three personal questions for verification purposes should they forget their
               password in the future.
               If shareholders have previously used the Investor Centre site, they will be asked to key in their password only.




               108 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               Once shareholders have completed these steps, they are then able to update their details and submit their changes to the share
               register including:
                   change or amend their address if they are registered with an SRN;
                   nominate or amend their direct credit payment instructions;
                   set up or amend their DRP instructions;
                   sign up for electronic shareholder communications, including the annual report via email; and
                   add/change tax file number (TFN) / Australian business number (ABN) details.

               A confirmation/receipt number will be shown on-screen for the online transaction which should be recorded should shareholders
               have a question in the future.




For personal use only
               Shareholders are strongly advised to lodge their TFN, ABN or exemption. If they choose not to lodge these details with the share
               registry, then IAG is obliged to deduct tax at the highest marginal tax rate (plus the Medicare levy) from the unfranked portion of any
               dividend or interest payment.
               Shareholders may also complete a number of transactions or request a form over the phone by contacting the share registry on
               1300 360 688.

               EMAIL ALERT SERVICE
               Shareholders can register to receive an email alert advising of new IAG media releases, financial announcements or presentations.
               Shareholders simply need to visit IAG's website at www.iag.com.au, click on the email alert button in the right-hand margin and
               register their email address.
               IAG has an email alert service that allows shareholders to choose to receive email alerts about specific subjects (annual meetings,
               annual reports, careers information, company announcements, government submissions, results and sustainability reports).

               EMAIL ENQUIRIES
               If shareholders have a question, they can email their enquiry directly to IAG's share registry at iag@computershare.com.au. If their
               question relates to an IAG company matter and the answer is not on IAG's website, they can email their question to
               investor.relations@iag.com.au.

               ORDINARY SHARES INFORMATION
                                                                                                                        NUMBER OF % OF ISSUED
               TWENTY LARGEST ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 7 JULY 2020                                                      SHARES     SHARES
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                               571,239,539       24.72
               J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                               399,215,474       17.27
               CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                           157,823,121        6.83
               NATIONAL INDEMNITY COMPANY                                                                               87,612,209        3.79
               BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                                    68,328,766        2.96
               NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                62,041,580        2.68
               BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                                           17,396,923        0.75
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                                   17,055,425        0.74
               CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                             13,928,665        0.60
               IAG SHARE PLAN NOMINEE PTY LIMITED <IAG DAP UNALLOCATED ACCOUNT>                                          6,336,741        0.27
               MILTON CORPORATION LIMITED                                                                                6,026,948        0.26
               ARGO INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                                  4,910,330        0.21
               AUSTRALIAN FOUNDATION INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED                                                          4,730,114        0.20
               AMP LIFE LIMITED                                                                                          3,887,109        0.17
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED-GSCO ECA                                                        3,731,510        0.16
               BRISPOT NOMINEES PTY LTD <HOUSE HEAD NOMINEE A/C>                                                         3,521,945        0.15
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                                                         3,227,951        0.14
               BKI INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED                                                                            3,063,446        0.13
               MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                      2,981,473        0.13
               DJERRIWARRH INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                           2,722,221        0.12
               Total for top 20                                                                                      1,439,781,490       62.28

                                                                                                     NUMBER OF          NUMBER OF % OF ISSUED
               RANGE OF ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 7 JULY 2020                                        HOLDERS             SHARES     SHARES
               1-1,000                                                                                  381,687        199,909,899        8.65
               1,001-5,000                                                                              245,095        462,892,498       20.03
               5,001-10,000                                                                              12,692         86,671,993        3.75
               10,001-100,000                                                                             4,295         81,766,298        3.54
               100,001 and over                                                                             102      1,479,805,895       64.03
               Total                                                                                    643,871      2,311,046,583     100.00

               Shareholders with less than a marketable parcel of 87 shares as at 7 July 2020               6,580           220,330




                                                                                                                                                109
               DIVIDEND DETAILS
               SHARE CLASS           DIVIDEND          FRANKING               AMOUNT PER SHARE        DRP ISSUE PRICE      PAYMENT DATE
               Ordinary              Interim           70% franked                   10.0 cents              $6.5815       25 March 2020
               Ordinary              Final             Not applicable                    - cents        Not applicable      Not applicable

               SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDINGS INFORMATION
                                                                                                             NUMBER OF           % OF ISSUED
               SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 7 JULY 2020                                                       SHARES               SHARES
               Ordinary shares
               BlackRock Group                                                                              141,377,642                 6.11




For personal use only
               IAGPD CAPITAL NOTES INFORMATION
                                                                                                                    NUMBER OF % OF ISSUED
               TWENTY LARGEST CAPITAL NOTE HOLDERS AS AT 7 JULY 2020                                                   NOTES        NOTES
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                              448,485        11.10
               J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                              260,755         6.45
               NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                              122,668         3.04
               BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                                          80,969         2.00
               CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                           76,556         1.89
               AUSTRALIAN EXECUTOR TRUSTEES LIMITED <IPS SUPER A/C>                                                    73,614         1.82
               NAVIGATOR AUSTRALIA LTD <JB WERE LIST FIX INT SMA A/C>                                                  66,345         1.64
               BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD DRP                                               65,062         1.61
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                                                       60,925         1.51
               MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                    60,639         1.50
               NAVIGATOR AUSTRALIA LTD <MLC INVESTMENT SETT A/C>                                                       50,151         1.24
               NULIS NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NAVIGATOR MAST PLAN SETT A/C>                                       48,153         1.19
               AUSTRALIAN EXECUTOR TRUSTEES LIMITED <NO 1 ACCOUNT>                                                     27,646         0.68
               INVIA CUSTODIAN PTY LIMITED <INCOME POOL A/C>                                                           24,925         0.62
               NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                       19,592         0.48
               AUSTRALIAN EXECUTOR TRUSTEES LIMITED <IPS IDPS A/C>                                                     18,211         0.45
               THE WYATT BENEVOLENT INSTITUTION INC                                                                    15,517         0.38
               TRUSTEES OF CHURCH PROPERTY FOR THE DIOCESE OF NEWCASTLE <SAVINGS & DEVELOPMENT
               A/C>                                                                                                     12,870          0.32
               CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <DPSL>                                                                     12,827          0.32
               INVIA CUSTODIAN PTY LIMITED < RISF A/C>                                                                  12,500          0.31
               Total for top 20                                                                                      1,558,410         38.55

                                                                                                       NUMBER OF NUMBER OF % OF ISSUED
               RANGE OF CAPITAL NOTE HOLDERS AS AT 7 JULY 2020                                           HOLDERS     NOTES       NOTES
               1-1,000                                                                                     4,476  1,411,893       34.93
               1,001-5,000                                                                                   402    807,858       19.99
               5,001-10,000                                                                                   34    239,319        5.92
               10,001-100,000                                                                                 19    750,287       18.57
               100,001 and over                                                                                3    831,908       20.59
               Total                                                                                       4,934  4,041,265     100.00

               Capital note holders with less than a marketable parcel of 5 notes as at 7 July 2020             4            9




               110 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               CORPORATE DIRECTORY
               KEY DATES
               2020 financial year end                                                                                                                            30 June 2020
               Full year results and dividend announcement                                                                                                       7 August 2020
               Notice of Access letter and Notice of Meeting available on website                                                                           10 September 2020
               Annual general meeting information
                    Written questions for the auditor close                                                                                                  16 October 2020
                     Proxy return close                                                                                                                       21 October 2020




For personal use only
               
                    Annual general meeting                                                                                                                   23 October 2020
               Half year end                                                                                                                                31 December 2020
               Half year results and dividend announcement                                                                                                  10 February 2021*
               Interim dividend for ordinary shares
                    Record date                                                                                                                             17 February 2021*
                    Payment date                                                                                                                              30 March 2021*
               2021 financial year end                                                                                                                           30 June 2021
               Full year results and dividend announcement                                                                                                    11 August 2021*
               *        Please note: dates are subject to change. Any changes will be published via a notice to the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).


               CONTACT DETAILS
               Share registry
               Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
               GPO Box 4709
               Melbourne VIC 3001
               Australia
               Hand deliveries to
               Level 3
               60 Carrington Street
               Sydney NSW 2000
               Telephone
               (within Australia) 1300 360 688
               (outside Australia) +61 (0)3 9415 4210
               Fax
               (general) +61 (0)3 9473 2470
               Email
               iag@computershare.com.au
               Registered office
               Insurance Australia Group Limited
               Level 13, Tower Two, Darling Park
               201 Sussex Street
               Sydney NSW 2000
               Australia
               Telephone
               +61 (0)2 9292 9222
               Fax
               +61 (0)2 9292 8072
               Website
               www.iag.com.au




                                                                                                                                                                         111
               FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                                                                                               2020              2019               2018             2017(13)             2016
                                                                                                                  $m                $m                 $m                 $m                $m
               Gross written premium                                                                          12,135            12,005             11,647            11,439             11,367
               Gross earned premium                                                                           12,164            11,942             11,522            11,321             11,411
               Outwards reinsurance premium expense                                                           (4,801)           (4,704)            (3,851)            (3,122)           (3,183)
               Net premium revenue                                                                             7,363             7,238              7,671              8,199             8,228




For personal use only
               Net claims expense                                                                             (5,010)           (4,619)            (4,617)            (5,082)           (5,397)
               Net underwriting expense                                                                       (1,757)           (1,716)            (1,877)            (2,079)           (2,116)
               Underwriting profit(1)                                                                            596               903              1,177              1,038               715
               Net investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                                     145               321                230                232               463
               Management reported insurance profit(1)                                                           741             1,224              1,407              1,270             1,178
               Net investment (loss)/income from shareholders' funds                                            (181)              227                165                246                 97
               Other income                                                                                      441               111                164                180               204
               Share of net profit of associates(2)                                                                57                42                 31                 19                17
               Finance costs                                                                                      (92)              (94)               (82)               (93)              (99)
               Corporate and administration expenses(3)                                                         (404)             (124)              (185)              (222)             (423)
               Acquired intangible amortisation and impairment                                                    (27)              (54)               (90)               (57)              (54)
               Profit before income tax                                                                          535             1,332              1,410              1,343               920
               Income tax expense                                                                                 (37)            (363)              (384)              (328)             (218)
               Profit after tax from continuing operations                                                       498               969              1,026              1,015               702
               (Loss)/profit after tax from discontinued operations                                                 (4)            204                 (25)               (10)                 -
               Net profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                               (59)              (97)               (78)               (76)              (77)
               Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Parent                                             435             1,076                923                929               625
               Cash earnings(4)                                                                                  279               931              1,034                990               867
               Ordinary shareholders' equity ($ million)                                                       6,077             6,404              6,669              6,562             6,563
               Total assets ($ million)                                                                       29,694            29,286             29,766            29,597             30,030
               KEY RATIOS
               Gross written premium growth                                                                     1.1 %              3.1 %            1.8 %                n/a             (0.6)%
               Loss ratio(5)                                                                                   68.0 %             63.8 %           60.2 %             62.0 %             65.6 %
               Expense ratio(6)                                                                                23.8 %             23.7 %           24.5 %             25.3 %             25.7 %
               Combined ratio(7)                                                                               91.8 %             87.5 %           84.7 %             87.3 %             91.3 %
               Reported insurance margin(8)                                                                    10.1 %             16.9 %           18.3 %             15.5 %             14.3 %
               Underlying insurance margin(9)                                                                  16.0 %             16.6 %           14.1 %             12.4 %             14.0 %
               SHARE INFORMATION
               Dividends per ordinary share (cents)(10)                                                        10.00             37.50              34.00             33.00              36.00
               Basic earnings per ordinary share (cents)(11)                                                   18.87             46.26              39.06             39.03              25.79
               Basic earnings per ordinary share - cash basis (cents)(12)                                      12.12             40.04              43.78             41.60              35.78
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share (cents)(11)                                                 18.49             44.58              38.30             37.72              25.34
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share - cash basis (cents)(12)                                    12.12             38.83              42.75             40.13              34.76
               Ordinary share price at 30 June ($) (ASX: IAG)                                                   5.77              8.26               8.53              6.78               5.45
               Capital notes price at 30 June ($) (ASX: IAGPD)                                                103.54            106.95             104.67            106.53                  -
               Issued ordinary shares (million)                                                                2,311             2,311              2,367             2,367              2,431
               Issued capital notes (million)                                                                      4                 4                  4                 4                  -
               Market capitalisation (ordinary shares) at 30 June ($ million)                                 13,334            19,089             20,191            16,048             13,249
               Net tangible asset backing per ordinary share ($)                                                1.27              1.43               1.47              1.36               1.30
               (1)      The amounts for the 2020 and 2016 financial years are presented on a management reported (non-IFRS) basis which is not directly comparable to the equivalent
                        statutory (IFRS) figure. A reconciliation between the two is outlined in the Reconciliation Between The Statutory Results (IFRS) And The Management Reported (Non-
                        IFRS) Results section of the Directors' Report in this report and the Operating and Financial Review section of the Directors' Report in the 30 June 2016 Annual Report.
               (2)      Share of net profit of associates includes regional support and development costs.
               (3)      Includes a $246 million pre-tax net impact of the customer refund provision for 2020 and a $198 million impairment of capitalised software for 2016.
               (4)      Cash earnings represent non-IFRS financial information. It is defined as net profit after tax attributable to shareholders of the Parent, plus amortisation and impairment
                        of acquired identifiable intangibles, and excluding any unusual items (non-recurring in nature).
               (5)      The loss ratio refers to the net claims expense as a percentage of net premium revenue.
               (6)      The expense ratio refers to net underwriting expense as a percentage of net premium revenue.
               (7)      The combined ratio refers to the sum of the loss ratio and expense ratio.
               (8)      Reported insurance margin is a ratio of insurance profit over net premium revenue.
               (9)      Underlying insurance margin is defined as the reported insurance margin adjusted for net natural peril claim costs less related allowance for the period, reserve
                        releases in excess of 1% of NEP and credit spread movements.
               (10)     The dividends per ordinary share are partially franked for the 2019 to 2020 financial years, and fully franked for the 2016 to 2018 financial years.
               (11)     Reflects basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share on an accounting basis.
               (12)     Basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share on a cash basis are calculated with reference to cash earnings.
               (13)     The financial information for 2017 has been re-presented to reflect the changed treatment of the Asian businesses as discontinued operations. Financial information
                        for 2016 is not re-presented.

               112 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2020
For personal use only


                        Pacesetter Laser Recycled is 30% recycled and made up from elemental chlorine
                        free bleached pulp which is PEFC™ certified sourced from sustainably managed
                        sources. It is manufactured by an ISO 14001 certified mill.
For personal use only
                        Australia




                               1      2
                                          1	IAG's short tail personal insurance products are distributed in Victoria under
                                            the RACV brand, via a distribution relationship and underwriting joint venture
                                            with RACV. These products are distributed by RACV and manufactured by Insurance
                                            Manufacturers of Australia Pty Limited (IMA), which is 70% owned by IAG
                        New Zealand         and 30% owned by RACV.

                                          2	IAG owns 100% of Insurance Australia Limited (IAL), the underwriter of general
                                            insurance products under the Coles Insurance brand. These products are
                                            distributed by Coles under an Authorised Representative Agreement with IAL.
