               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               HALF YEAR REPORT FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018
               APPENDIX 4D (ASX Listing Rule 4.2A)




For personal use only
               RESULTS FOR ANNOUNCEMENT TO THE MARKET

                                                                                                                                            31 December   31 December
                                                                                                                                                   2018         2017*
                                                                                                           UP / DOWN              % CHANGE           $m             $m
               Revenue from ordinary activities                                                                   Up                  6.7 %       8,581          8,041
               Net profit after tax from ordinary activities attributable to
               shareholders of the Parent from continuing operations                                               Down                47.6 %      293            559
               Net profit/(loss) after tax from ordinary activities attributable to
               shareholders of the Parent from discontinued operations                                               Up            2,687.5 %       207              (8)
               Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Parent                                               Down                9.3 %       500            551
               *        Prior period comparatives have been re-presented due to the discontinued operations. Refer to Note 2.2 in Attachment A.




                                                                                                                                AMOUNT              FRANKED AMOUNT
               DIVIDENDS – ORDINARY SHARES                                                                                 PER SECURITY                PER SECURITY
               Interim dividend                                                                                                  12.0 cents                 12.0 cents



               INTERIM DIVIDEND DATE
               Record date                                                                                                                           13 February 2019
               Payment date                                                                                                                            20 March 2019


               The Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) will operate by acquiring shares on-market with no discount applied. The last
               date for the receipt of an election notice for participation in the Company's DRP is 14 February 2019. The DRP Issue Price will be
               based on a volume-weighted average price for a 10-day trading window from 18 February 2019 to 1 March 2019 inclusive.

               Eligible shareholders may now lodge their DRP elections electronically by logging on to IAG's share registry, Computershare, on
               their website at www.computershare.com.au.




               Additional Appendix 4D disclosure requirements can be found in the half year financial report of Insurance Australia Group Limited
               for the period ended 31 December 2018 (Attachment A). This report is also to be read in conjunction with the annual report of
               Insurance Australia Group Limited for the year ended 30 June 2018 and any public announcements made by Insurance Australia
               Group Limited during the reporting period in accordance with the continuous disclosure requirements of the Corporations Act
               2001 and the ASX Listing Rules.
               The report is based on the consolidated half year financial statements which have been reviewed by KPMG.

               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               ABN 60 090 739 923                                                                                                                                   1
               ATTACHMENT A
               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES
               HALF YEAR REPORT FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018




For personal use only



               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               ABN 60 090 739 923                                       2
               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP
               LIMITED
               ABN 60 090 739 923




For personal use only
               FINANCIAL REPORT
               FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018
               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               TABLE OF CONTENTS


               Directors' report
               ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        1
               Lead auditor's independence declaration
               ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        12
               Consolidated financial statements
               ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        13
               Directors' declaration
               ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        31
               Independent auditor's review report
                ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         32




For personal use only
               DIRECTORS' REPORT
               The Directors present their report together with the consolidated financial report of Insurance Australia Group Limited and its
               subsidiaries for the half year ended 31 December 2018 and the Auditor's Report.

               The following terminology is used throughout the financial report:
                   Company or Parent – Insurance Australia Group Limited; and
                   IAG or Group – the consolidated entity consists of Insurance Australia Group Limited and its subsidiaries.




For personal use only
               DIRECTORS OF INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               The names and details of the Company's Directors in office at any time during or since the end of the half year are as follows.
               Directors were in office for the entire period unless otherwise stated.

               INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
               Elizabeth B Bryan AM (Chairman)
               Duncan M Boyle
               Hugh A Fletcher
               Sheila C McGregor
               Jonathan (Jon) B Nicholson
               Helen M Nugent AO
               Thomas (Tom) W Pockett
               Michelle K Tredenick
               Philip J Twyman AM – Ceased 26 October 2018
               EXECUTIVE
               Peter G Harmer (Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer)

               PRINCIPAL ACTIVITY
               The principal continuing activity of IAG is the underwriting of general insurance and related corporate services and investing
               activities. IAG reports its financial information under the following business divisions:

               DIVISION           OVERVIEW                                                                      PRODUCTS
               Australia          This segment is a leading provider of general insurance products to both      Short-tail insurance
                                  individuals and businesses in Australia. The Australia division benefits from  Motor vehicle
               78% of Group gross its access to a variety of distribution channels and an array of well-           Home and contents
               written premium    established brands, as has been summarised below.
                                                                                                                   Lifestyle and leisure,
               (GWP)
                                                                                                                    such as boat, veteran
                                  The Australian business provides consumer insurance products through
                                                                                                                    and classic car and
                                  branches, call centres, the internet and representatives, under the following
                                                                                                                    caravan
                                  brands:
                                                                                                                   Business packages
                                      NRMA Insurance in NSW, ACT, Queensland and Tasmania;
                                                                                                                   Farm and crop
                                      SGIO in Western Australia;
                                                                                                                   Commercial property
                                      SGIC in South Australia;
                                                                                                                   Construction and
                                      RACV in Victoria, via a distribution agreement with RACV;                    engineering
                                      Coles Insurance nationally, via a distribution agreement with Coles; and  Commercial motor and
                                      CGU through affinity and financial institution partnerships and broker       fleet motor
                                       and agent channels.                                                         Marine
                                    The division also includes travel insurance, life insurance and income        Long-tail insurance
                                    protection products which are underwritten by third parties.
                                                                                                                     Compulsory Third Party
                                    Business insurance products are sold through a network of around 2,000            (motor injury liability)
                                    intermediaries, such as brokers, agents and financial institutions and           Workers' compensation
                                    directly through call centre and online channels, under the following brands:  Professional indemnity
                                        CGU Insurance;                                                              Directors' and officers'
                                        WFI;                                                                        Public and products
                                        NRMA Insurance;                                                              liability
                                        RACV;
                                        SGIO; and
                                        SGIC.




                                                                                                                                                 1
               DIVISION         OVERVIEW                                                                     PRODUCTS
               New Zealand      The New Zealand business is the leading general insurance provider in the Short-tail insurance
                                country in both the direct and broker/agent channels. Insurance products       Motor vehicle
               22% of Group GWP are provided directly to customers primarily under the State and AMI brands,  Home and contents
                                and indirectly through insurance brokers and agents, under the NZI and
                                                                                                               Commercial property,
                                Lumley Insurance brands. Personal products and simplified commercial
                                                                                                                motor and fleet motor
                                products are also distributed through agents and under third party brands by
                                corporate partners, which include large financial institutions.                Construction and
                                                                                                                engineering
                                                                                                               Niche, such as pleasure




For personal use only
                                                                                                                craft, boat, caravan and
                                                                                                                travel
                                                                                                               Rural and horticultural
                                                                                                               Marine

                                                                                                                   Long-tail insurance
                                                                                                                      Personal liability
                                                                                                                      Commercial liability

               Corporate and other Corporate and other comprises other activities, including corporate services,
                                   capital management activity, shareholders' funds investment activities,
                                   inward reinsurance from associates, and investment in associates in
                                   Malaysia and India.


               OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
               OPERATING RESULT FOR THE HALF YEAR
               IAG’s reported insurance margin of 13.7%, was lower than the prior corresponding half year (31 December 2017: 17.9%), primarily
               reflecting an adverse net natural peril claim cost outcome, which was $110 million above the related allowance largely driven by
               the December 2018 Sydney hailstorm event. Lower prior period reserve releases and an adverse credit spread movement also had
               an impact on the reported insurance margin. IAG’s underlying insurance margin improved to 16.2%, compared to 15.4% in the
               second half of the prior year. This reflected earned premium rate increases and emerging net benefits from IAG’s optimisation
               program, with some offset from higher regulatory and compliance costs.

               Overall GWP growth of 4.1% compared to the prior corresponding half year was largely rate-driven, with growth amplified by a
               favourable foreign exchange translation effect in respect of New Zealand. Overall volumes were relatively flat, however growth was
               achieved in short-tail motor, New South Wales (NSW) Compulsory Third Party (CTP) and workers’ compensation lines. Commercial
               volumes as a whole shrank, reflecting ongoing remediation activities. Some drag on top line performance was incurred from NSW
               CTP scheme reform effects, as well as the absence of ceased or exited business activities, including retail warranty and consumer
               credit.

               On 19 June 2018, IAG announced it had entered into sale agreements covering its consolidated operations in Thailand, Indonesia
               and Vietnam. The post-tax contribution from these operations has been aggregated in a single line item within the Statement of
               Comprehensive Income ('Profit/loss after income tax from discontinued operations'). The combined profit from discontinued
               operations (excluding non-controlling interests) was $207 million (31 December 2017: $8 million loss). The profit in the current
               half year includes a gain of $208 million on the sale of Thailand, which was completed at the end of August 2018. It remains IAG’s
               expectation that the agreed sales of Indonesia and Vietnam will complete before the conclusion of the 2019 financial year. Options
               for the Group's remaining interests in Asia (principally Malaysia and India) continue to be assessed.

               On 15 August 2018, IAG announced a $592 million capital management initiative of 25 cents per ordinary share which was
               completed on 26 November 2018 following shareholder approval. It comprised a capital return of 19.5 cents, a fully franked
               special dividend of 5.5 cents, and a share consolidation, equal and proportionate to the capital return, which reduced IAG’s
               ordinary shares on issue by approximately 2.4%. The capital management initiative acknowledged IAG’s surplus capital position to
               regulatory benchmarks, including cumulative quota share effects, as well as the absence of significant operational demands on its
               capital and the sale of the Thailand business.

               Net profit after tax
               The Group's profit after tax for the half year was $525 million (31 December 2017: $569 million). After adjusting for non-controlling
               interests in the Group result, net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Company was $500 million (31 December 2017:
               $551 million) and was 9.3% lower than the prior corresponding half year. This outcome included the net effect of:
                   a 33% decrease in pre-tax insurance profit to $496 million (31 December 2017: $745 million), with adverse peril, reserve
                    release and credit spread movements, totalling $262 million, masking the improvement in underlying performance;
                   an adverse turnaround of over $130 million pre-tax in investment income on shareholders’ funds, largely reflecting weak
                    Australian and global equity markets;
                   a substantial increase in input from discontinued operations, owing to the inclusion of a gain of $208 million on the sale of the
                    Thailand operations, which was completed at the end of August 2018; and
                   a $36 million reduction in amortisation and impairment expense, reflecting the absence of the impairment to certain Asian
                    assets recognised in the first half of the prior year.




               2 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               Gross written premium
               Total GWP of $5,881 million (31 December 2017: $5,649 million) represented a 4.1% increase compared to the prior
               corresponding half year. This increase encompassed:
                   growth of 3.4% in Australia (to $4,606 million); and
                   growth of 6.6% in New Zealand (to $1,268 million), aided by a favourable foreign exchange translation effect of over 100bps.

               Insurance margin
               IAG’s current half year reported insurance profit of $496 million (31 December 2017: $745 million) was 33% lower than the prior
               corresponding half year. The resultant reported insurance margin was 13.7% (31 December 2017: 17.9%). Contributing to this
               outcome were:
                    approximately 250bps of uplift from the 12.5% quota share agreements which commenced on 1 January 2018;




For personal use only
               
                   $414 million (31 December 2017: $262 million) of net claim costs arising from natural peril events, which exceeded the
                    period’s allowance by $110 million and was in line with the range indicated in IAG’s perils update issued on 21 December
                    2018. This contrasted with a favourable outcome against allowance of $77 million in the prior corresponding half year, and in
                    isolation this movement reduced the reported insurance margin by over 500bps;
                   lower net prior period reserve releases of $83 million (31 December 2017: $122 million), which were broadly in line with
                    expectations and which represented 2.3% of Net Earned Premium (NEP) compared to 2.9% in the prior corresponding half
                    year; and
                   an unfavourable swing in credit spread impact of over $70 million, with an adverse effect of $24 million in the current half year
                    contrasting with a favourable impact of $47 million in the prior corresponding half year.

               Underlying margin
               IAG’s underlying insurance margin of 16.2% (31 December 2017: 13.0%), also included approximately 250bps of uplift from the
               12.5% quota share agreements, compared to the prior corresponding half year. Short-tail personal lines' profitability has remained
               strong, as earned rate increases at least match ongoing increases in average claim costs. Further improvement in commercial
               lines' profitability has been recorded, as rate and remediation activity was complemented by subsiding large loss experience in
               Australian property classes, back to more normal levels. Long-tail CTP profitability was lower than the prior corresponding half year,
               reflecting the capped profitability of the new scheme in NSW.

               Across IAG, the business is beginning to increasingly benefit from the outcomes of the group-wide optimisation program, as related
               one-off costs dissipate. While reported gross underwriting expenses increased during the period, this was driven by increases in
               levies, particularly the Excess Profit or Loss Adjustment (TEPLA) associated with the capped profitability of the new CTP scheme in
               NSW. A net reduction in gross operating costs (excluding commission and levies) of around $40 million, spread across the
               underwriting expense, claims expense and fee-based business lines, was realised in the current half year. This is measured
               relative to the Group's 2016 financial year gross operating cost position, which formed the basis for the optimisation program
               targets. The majority of the reduction attaches to the insurance profit. A countervailing force was increased regulatory and
               compliance costs, which are expected to be an ongoing feature of future periods. In the current half year an approximately $15
               million increase in regulatory and compliance costs was incurred compared to the prior corresponding half year, including those
               stemming from the Royal Commission into Misconduct in the Banking, Superannuation and Financial Services Industry and the
               APRA-requested risk governance self-assessment.

               IAG defines its underlying margin as the reported insurance margin adjusted for:
                   net natural peril claim costs less the related allowance for the period;
                   reserve releases in excess of 1% of NEP; and
                   credit spread movements.

                                                                                                                            31 December                               31 December
                                                                                                                                   2018                                     2017*
               INSURANCE MARGIN                                                                                   $m                   %                    $m                  %
               Reported insurance margin*                                                                        496                13.7                   745               17.9
               Net natural peril claim costs in excess of/(below) allowance                                      110                 3.1                    (77)              (1.8)
               Reserve releases in excess of 1% of NEP                                                            (47)              (1.3)                   (80)              (2.0)
               Credit spread movements                                                                             24                0.7                    (47)              (1.1)
               Underlying insurance margin                                                                       583                16.2                   541               13.0
               *        Reported insurance margin is the insurance profit as a percentage of NEP as disclosed in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Prior period comparatives have
                        been re-presented due to the discontinued operations.

               Tax expense
               IAG reported a tax expense of $123 million in the current half year compared to $211 million in the prior corresponding half year,
               representing an effective tax rate of 27.9% (31 December 2017: 26.7%).

               Contributory elements reconciling the current half year’s effective tax rate to the Australian corporate rate of 30% are:
                  differences in tax rates applicable to IAG’s foreign operations, principally in New Zealand, Singapore and Malaysia; and
                  franking credits generated from IAG’s investment portfolio.




                                                                                                                                                                                         3
               Investment income on shareholders’ funds
               Net investment income on shareholders’ funds was a loss of $7 million, compared to a profit of $129 million in the prior
               corresponding half year. This decline embraced:
                   negative returns from equity markets, notably in the second quarter;
                   some mitigation from a portfolio bias towards defensive stocks within international equities; and
                   a positive return from alternative investments.

               In the current half year, the broader Australian index (S&P ASX200 Accumulation) delivered a negative return of 6.8% (31
               December 2017: +8.4%) and the MSCI World Total Return Index (AUD Hedged) contracted by 8.7% (31 December 2017: +10.0%).




For personal use only
               At 31 December 2018, the weighting to defensive assets (fixed interest and cash) within shareholders’ funds was 52%, compared
               to 57% at the end of the prior financial year.

               DIVISIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
               A. AUSTRALIA
               Australia accounted for 78% of Group GWP with a lower reported insurance margin of 10.7% (31 December 2017: 18.8%) after
               adverse peril and credit spread movements, and reduced reserve releases. Australia’s underlying performance remained sound,
               with an underlying insurance margin of 14.8% (31 December 2017: 11.4%).

               I. Premiums
               Australia reported GWP of $4,606 million (31 December 2017: $4,453 million) in the current half year, an increase of 3.4%. The
               overall Australian GWP outcome includes:
                   largely rate-driven growth in short-tail motor, broadly in line with claims inflation pressures;
                   home GWP growth of nearly 4%;
                   ongoing average rate momentum of approximately 6% in commercial lines, with some offset from lower volumes;
                   an approximately $25 million reduction from exiting smaller business areas, such as consumer credit and retail warranty; and
                   modestly lower CTP GWP, where NSW post-scheme reform effects were countered by volume gains.

               II. Insurance profit
               Australia reported an insurance profit of $304 million, compared to $625 million in the prior corresponding half year. This equates
               to a lower reported insurance margin of 10.7%, compared to the 18.8% attained in the prior corresponding half year. This outcome
               includes the net effect of:
                    lower prior period reserve releases;
                    significantly higher net natural peril claim costs; and
                    an unfavourable swing in credit spread impact of over $70 million; partially offset by
                    an approximately 250bps uplift from the combined 12.5% quota shares which took effect from 1 January 2018.

               III. Underlying margin
               Australia’s underlying performance remained sound, with an underlying insurance margin of 14.8% (31 December 2017: 11.4%).
               In addition to the favourable quota share impact, contributory factors to the overall improvement were:
                    an easing of pressure on motor profitability, as higher earned rates offset increased claim costs;
                    further flow-through of average rate increases across commercial portfolios;
                    lower large loss levels in the commercial property portfolio;
                    some offset from lower current year profitability in NSW CTP, owing to the capped profitability of the new scheme; and
                    emerging benefits from the optimisation program.

               IV. Fee-based business
               The principal source of fee income is IAG’s role as agent under the Victorian workers’ compensation scheme, which is underwritten
               by the state government. This financial year is the third year of a five-year contract term.

               IAG withdrew from the NSW workers’ compensation scheme as at 31 December 2017 after assessment of associated risks and
               returns. Some minor run-off expense was incurred in the current half year.

               Fee and other income was $67 million (31 December 2017: $94 million) with the reduction in the period driven by loss of fee
               income associated with withdrawal from the NSW workers’ compensation scheme. Total net income from fee-based operations in
               the current half year was a profit of $9 million, compared to $5 million in the prior corresponding half year.

               A secondary source of fee income has been the division’s interest in authorised representative brokers, Community Broker
               Network. IAG disposed of its interest in this business with effect from early October 2018.




               4 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               B. NEW ZEALAND
               New Zealand accounted for 22% of Group GWP and produced a higher reported insurance margin of 24.9% (31 December 2017:
               14.2%) and a higher underlying insurance margin of 20.0% (31 December 2017: 17.4%).

               I. Premiums
               New Zealand’s reported current half year GWP rose by 6.6% to $1,268 million, compared to the prior corresponding half year GWP
               of $1,190 million. This increase includes a favourable foreign exchange translation effect, with local currency GWP increasing by
               5.5% in the current half year, to NZ$1,371 million (31 December 2017: NZ$1,299 million). This result encompassed:
                   sustained GWP growth in Consumer products, led by the private motor vehicle and home portfolios, driven largely by higher
                    rates; and
                    solid GWP growth in Business products, as rate increases in both commercial and personal lines were partially offset by some




For personal use only
               
                    volume loss as the business maintained its strong underwriting disciplines.

               II. Insurance profit
               The New Zealand business produced a significantly higher insurance profit of $193 million in the current half year, compared to
               $119 million in the prior corresponding half year. This equates to a reported insurance margin of 24.9% (31 December 2017:
               14.2%) with the improvement reflecting a combination of:
                    the impact from the combined 12.5% quota shares which took effect from 1 January 2018, adding approximately 250bps to
                     the current half year margin;
                    an increase in gross earned premium, driven by cumulative GWP growth in both Consumer and Business products;
                    an absence of prior period reserve strengthening;
                    a reduction in large claims compared with the prior corresponding half year; and
                    emerging net benefits from optimisation activities.

               Negligible prior period reserve releases occurred in the current half year, a significant difference to the prior corresponding half
               year which saw over $50 million of reserve strengthening owing to the adverse development of prior year storm events and an
               allowance for potential claims under architect/engineer professional indemnity policies relating to residual risk (e.g. negligence)
               from post-earthquake building damage and rebuild activity.

               III. Earthquake settlements
               Steady progress continues to be made with the settlement of claims associated with the financial year 2011 Canterbury
               earthquake events. At 31 December 2018, nearly NZ$6.8 billion of claim settlements had been completed, and fewer than 1,200
               claims remained open out of more than 90,000 received.

               During the current half year there was no change to IAG’s gross reserved position on the three major earthquakes in financial year
               2011, with considerable legacy reinsurance protection available for the September 2010 and June 2011 events, and approximately
               NZ$540 million of adverse development cover available for the February 2011 event.

               Outstanding Canterbury earthquake claims include those subject to dispute and litigation or involving high customer utilisation of
               independent expert advice, as well as recently-received over-cap claims from the Earthquake Commission (EQC). It remains IAG’s
               expectation that finalisation of all residual claims will take several years given associated complexity.

               The settlement of claims associated with the November 2016 Kaikoura earthquake is well-advanced. As at 31 December 2018,
               96.7% of all claims by number had been fully settled, and all residential dwelling assessments were complete.

               C. CORPORATE AND OTHER
               A pre-tax loss of $66 million was reported, which compares to a profit of $38 million in the prior corresponding half year. The
               movement primarily reflects the reduction in net investment income on shareholders’ funds of $136 million in the current half year,
               partially offset by the absence of any write-down of Asian assets in the current half year. Following the classification of IAG’s
               consolidated businesses in Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia as discontinued operations in the second half of the prior year, the
               interests in Malaysia and India which continue to be treated as associates have been reclassified to the Corporate and other
               segment. Further details on the operating segments are set out in Note 1.3 within the financial statements.

               I. Share of net profit/(loss) of associates
               The Group's share of net profit of associates was a profit of $18 million (31 December 2017: $18 million), including allocated
               regional development costs and amortisation. This result is largely derived from IAG’s interests in AmGeneral Holdings Berhad
               (AmGeneral) in Malaysia and SBI General Insurance Company Limited (SBI General) in India. IAG continues to assess future
               options for these Asian assets.

               IAG’s share of AmGeneral's profit for the current half year increased to $17 million (31 December 2017: $13 million). The positive
               outcome comprised the net effect of:
                   the benefit of continued pricing actions and portfolio management;
                   higher bodily injury-related prior period reserve releases; and
                   higher investment returns.

               IAG’s share of SBI General's profit for the current half year increased to $13 million (31 December 2017: $11 million). This
               improved outcome comprised the net effect of:
                   a favourable effect from exchange commission recognition in the long-term home portfolio;
                   higher investment income; partially offset by
                   higher seasonal losses, primarily from the Kerala floods.

                                                                                                                                                      5
               REVIEW OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
               A. FINANCIAL POSITION
               The total assets of the Group as at 31 December 2018 were $28,766 million compared to $29,766 million as at 30 June 2018.
               Movements within the overall net decrease in assets of $1,000 million include:
                   a decrease in investments of $402 million associated with funds outflow for the payments of the 2018 final dividend of $473
                    million, $592 million capital management initiative, and net settlements of the whole-of-account quota share arrangements,
                    partially offset by $506 million of net consideration received from the sale of IAG’s operations in Thailand and operating
                    earnings for the half year;
                   a $592 million decrease in assets held for sale, predominantly related to the completion of the sale of the Thailand operations,
                    which was completed at the end of August 2018;




For personal use only
                   a $174 million decrease in trade and other receivables associated with a $71 million decrease in premiums receivable
                    primarily due to the seasonality of renewals in the commercial business, a $69 million reduction in unsettled investment
                    transactions and a $52 million decrease largely due to reduction in fees and commissions receivable following the sale of
                    Australia division’s interest in authorised representative brokers, Community Broker Network; offset by
                   an increase of $47 million in reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims primarily relating to the continued run-on
                    of whole-of-account quota share arrangements and recoveries in relation to current half year period natural peril events, offset
                    by receipt of recoveries on prior period events; and
                   a $162 million increase in deferred insurance expenses associated with the catastrophe reinsurance cover renewal for the
                    2019 calendar year.

               The total liabilities of the Group as at 31 December 2018 were $22,425 million compared with $22,825 million as at 30 June
               2018. Movements within the overall net decrease in liabilities of $400 million include:
                   a $417 million decrease in liabilities held for sale predominantly related to the completion of the sale of IAG’s interest in the
                    operations in Thailand;
                   a $120 million reduction in current tax liabilities from the final settlement of the liability relating to the 2018 financial year,
                    with the Group now being in a current tax asset position resulting from a higher monthly instalments paid for the 2019
                    financial year compared to the current tax expense;
                   a decrease in outstanding claims liability of $58 million primarily due to reduction in long-tail reserves driven by prior year
                    reserve releases, settlement of prior period natural peril events, including the Canterbury and Kaikoura earthquakes, offset by
                    an increase in reserves for current period natural peril events; offset by
                   an increase in trade and other payables of $243 million primarily due to premiums payable on the catastrophe reinsurance
                    cover which was renewed on 1 January 2019.

               IAG shareholders’ equity (excluding non-controlling interests) decreased from $6,669 million as at 30 June 2018 to $6,110 million
               as at 31 December 2018, reflecting the combined effect of:
                   current year net profit attributable to shareholders of $500 million, which is predominantly comprised of a $293 million profit
                    from continuing operations and a $208 million gain from the divestment of the Thailand operations; and
                   payments totalling $1,065 million in respect of the 2018 final dividend, capital return and special dividend.

               B. CASH FROM OPERATIONS
               The net cash inflows from operating activities for the half year ended 31 December 2018 were $365 million compared with $23
               million for the prior corresponding half year. The movement is mainly attributable to the net effect of:
                   an increase in outwards reinsurance premium expense paid of $690 million, predominantly related to payments made on the
                    combined 12.5% quota share agreements, partially offset by reductions in payments on the catastrophe reinsurance covers
                    due to reduced placements following the increase in the share ceded through the combined quota share agreements;
                   an increase in reinsurance and other recoveries received of $140 million, predominantly relating to the continued run-on of
                    whole-of-account reinsurance quota share arrangements;
                   a decrease in claim costs paid of $287 million, predominantly pertaining to lower payments on the Canterbury and Kaikoura
                    earthquakes, and lower payments relating to natural peril events in Australia, partially offset by the payments on prior year
                    large losses; and
                   an increase in other operating amounts of $438 million, including reinsurance commissions received in respect of the
                    combined 12.5% quota share agreements.




               6 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               C. INVESTMENTS
               The Group’s investments totalled $10,605 million as at 31 December 2018, excluding investments held in joint venture and
               associates, with over 57% represented by the technical reserves portfolio. Total investments at 30 June 2018 were $11,007
               million. The decrease in total investments since 30 June 2018 reflects the combined effect of:
                   a $149 million reduction in technical reserves, in response to further quota share and prior period reserve release effects; and
                   a $253 million decrease in shareholders’ funds, reflecting the net effect of the $592 million capital management initiative,
                    payment of the final dividend of $473 million, net receipt of $506 million of sale proceeds from the divestment of the Thailand
                    operations, and operating earnings during the period.

               IAG’s overall investment allocation is conservatively positioned, with nearly 80% of total investments in fixed interest and cash as at
               31 December 2018. Technical reserves were 100% invested in fixed interest and cash, while the equivalent figure for shareholders’




For personal use only
               funds was 52%. IAG’s allocation to growth assets was 48% of shareholders’ funds at 31 December 2018, compared to 43% at 30
               June 2018.

               D. INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES
               IAG’s interest-bearing liabilities stood at $1,976 million at 31 December 2018, compared to $1,960 million at 30 June 2018. The
               small net movement in the period largely reflects foreign exchange translation effects.

               E. CAPITAL MIX
               IAG measures its capital mix on a net tangible equity basis, i.e. after deduction of goodwill and intangibles, giving it strong
               alignment with regulatory and rating agency models. IAG targets the following ranges:
                   ordinary equity (net of goodwill and intangibles) 60-70%; and
                   debt and hybrids 30-40%.

               At 31 December 2018, debt and hybrids represented 38.4% (30 June 2018: 34.3%) of total tangible capitalisation, towards the
               upper end of IAG’s targeted range. The increase since the prior financial year reflects the impact of the equity capital management
               initiative conducted in November 2018.

               IAG intends to redeem $350 million of subordinated notes on their first issuer call date of 19 March 2019. This will be financed via
               the funds raised through the similar-sized subordinated note issue in March 2018. In addition, the $550 million Reset
               Exchangeable Securities (RES) issue has a reset date in December 2019, after which it ceases to be eligible for regulatory capital
               purposes. Subject to market conditions, IAG may seek to issue a new Tier 2 instrument prior to 30 June 2019 to assist in
               refinancing the RES.

               F. CAPITAL POSITION
               IAG remains strongly capitalised under the Australian Prudential Regulatory Authority’s (APRA) Prudential Standards, with regulatory
               capital of $4,659 million at 31 December 2018 (30 June 2018: $5,018 million). IAG has set the following related targeted
               benchmarks:
                   a total capital position equivalent to 1.4 to 1.6 times the Prescribed Capital Amount (PCA), compared to a regulatory
                    requirement of 1.0 times; and
                   a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) target range of 0.9 to 1.1 times the PCA, compared to a regulatory requirement of 0.6 times.

               At 31 December 2018, IAG had a PCA multiple of 2.00 (30 June 2018: 2.03) and a CET1 multiple of 1.18 (30 June 2018: 1.26).
               The reduction in the CET1 multiple since 30 June 2018 reflects the various capital management initiatives totalling approximately
               $1.1 billion, including the 2018 final dividend ($473 million), capital return ($462 million) and special dividend ($130 million).
               These effects were partially offset by the profit for the period of $500 million, which includes $208 million gain from the sale of the
               Thailand business.




                                                                                                                                                    7
               STRATEGY AND RISK MANAGEMENT
               A. STRATEGY




For personal use only
               At IAG, our purpose is to make your world a safer place: IAG’s purpose means that whether you are a customer, partner, employee,
               shareholder or part of the communities IAG serves, IAG exists to ‘make your world a safer place’. IAG believes its purpose will
               enable it to become a more sustainable business over the long term, and deliver stronger and more consistent returns for its
               shareholders.

               IAG's strategy is to optimise its core insurance business while creating future growth options.

               Financial targets
               IAG is focused on delivering through-the-cycle targets of:
                   cash return on equity (ROE) 1.5 times weighted average cost of capital (WACC);
                   a dividend payout of 60-80% of full year cash earnings;
                   top quartile total shareholder return (TSR); and
                   approximately 10% compound earnings per share (EPS) growth.

               Strategic priorities
               IAG has identified three key strategic priorities, supported by organisational capabilities, to deliver the strategy:
               I. Customer – world-leading customer experiences:
                   Create a delivery platform that transforms customer experiences;
                   Better connect customers and automate processes enabling IAG to reach more customers in a timely manner;
                   Develop an innovation approach which provides the ability to think differently and deliver quickly;
                   Embed cognitive capabilities and artificial intelligence (AI) that anticipate customers’ needs; and
                   Use data to power decision making, allowing IAG to better understand its customers.

               II. Simplification – simplified, modular and lower cost operating model:
                    Reduce organisational complexity by consolidating technology platforms, harmonising products, simplifying processes and
                     systems, and executing the technology strategy;
                    Leverage operational partners to optimise the operating model and drive scale economies across the value chain; and
                    Improve allocation and maximise utilisation of the preferred repairer network to reduce average claim size.




               8 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               III. Agility – an agile organisation distinguished by innovation, speed and execution skills:
                    Create a disciplined approach to IAG’s management and leadership, including building stronger role clarity and introducing
                     agile ways of working;
                    Build a talent pipeline based on the skills required to deliver IAG's strategy and help IAG people transition to the future of work;
                     and
                    Be recognised as a purpose-led organisation that shapes its internal and external environment.

               IAG’s recent strategic investment has been focused on building a lean, efficient and modular insurance operation, through its
               simplification priority. It has also invested in creating a customer-focused organisation and building capabilities in data, digital,
               analytics and AI, brand and innovation, while making considerable progress towards creating an agile organisation. IAG will
               continue developing these programs of work in 2019.




For personal use only
               Over the course of 2019, IAG will extend its strategic partnerships to offer products and services that are adjacent to its insurance
               business, enabling IAG to make its customers and the community feel safer on the road, in their homes and at work. IAG will
               leverage its assets – including its data, customer reach and brands – to launch and scale new digital businesses in markets that
               complement these adjacent products and services.

               The goals of IAG’s strategy are centred around building deeper engagement with its customers and growing the number of
               customers in the IAG network of brands. IAG seeks to create more value for its customers by making their world a safer place and
               to increase the lifetime value of its customer relationships.

               B. BUSINESS RISK AND RISK MANAGEMENT
               IAG acknowledges that it has to take risk in an informed manner in pursuit of its strategic objectives and to meet customer,
               stakeholder, industry and regulatory expectations. IAG clearly articulates the levels, boundaries and nature of risk IAG is willing to
               accept, actively manage or avoid in pursuit of IAG’s strategic objectives.

               IAG uses an enterprise approach to risk and its risk management framework is a core part of the governance structure, which
               includes internal policies, key management processes and culture. The Group Risk Management Strategy (RMS) details the IAG
               principles, risk appetite, policies, key controls, monitoring and governance processes for managing key risk. The RMS is reviewed
               annually, or as required by the Risk Committee, before being recommended for approval by the Board. IAG’s Group Risk function
               provides regular reports to the Risk Committee on the operation of and any changes to IAG’s risk management framework, the
               status of material risks, risk and compliance incidents, risk trends and IAG's risk profile. IAG’s Internal Audit function provides
               reports to the Audit Committee on significant audit findings and other audit related matters.

               Roles and responsibilities of the Board and its standing committees, the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, the People and
               Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee, are set out in the Corporate Governance section of the IAG website.

               IAG is exposed to multiple risks relating to its general insurance business. The risks noted below are not meant to represent an
               exhaustive list, but outline those risks faced by IAG that have been identified in IAG's RMS:
                   strategic risk – the risk of not achieving corporate or strategic goals due to poor business decisions regarding future business
                    plans and strategies, failing to meet customer expectations and/or a lack of responsiveness to changes in the business
                    environment;
                   insurance risk – the risk of loss as a result of inadequate or inappropriate underwriting; product design and pricing; reserving
                    including unforeseen, unknown or unintended liabilities that may eventuate; claims management; and insurance
                    concentration risk (e.g. by locality, segment, or distribution channel);
                   reinsurance risk – the risk of loss as a result of insufficient or inappropriate reinsurance coverage, inadequate underwriting
                    and/or pricing of reinsurance exposures retained, inadequate or inappropriate reinsurance recovery management, reinsurance
                    arrangements not being legally binding, reinsurance concentration risk and credit counterparty concentration risk to
                    reinsurers;
                   financial risk – the risk of adverse movements in market prices (foreign exchange, equities, credit spreads, interest rates, etc)
                    or inappropriate concentration within the investment funds, a counterparty failing to meet its obligations (credit risk),
                    inadequate liquidity or inappropriate capital management;
                   operational risk – the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and/or systems or from
                    external events; and
                   regulatory risk and compliance – the failure or inability to comply with applicable laws, regulations or codes excluding failure of
                    staff to adhere to internal policies/procedures and meeting contractual obligations.
               A disciplined approach to risk management has been adopted and IAG believes this approach provides the greatest long-term
               likelihood of being able to meet the objectives of all stakeholders, including policyholders, lenders, regulators and shareholders.

               IAG’s purpose is to make your world a safer place and the Group is committed to managing the risks and opportunities from
               Environmental, Social and Governance issues. IAG’s access to natural peril data, combined with its research, gives a unique
               insight into the impact extreme weather events have on the community and its business. IAG has long recognised that it needs to
               play a role in climate change adaptation as well as reducing the emissions that are driving it. IAG has developed a three-year
               Climate Action Plan to do both these things, with the Plan being publicly launched in July 2018. Reducing carbon emissions is
               increasingly urgent to avoid the potential impact of catastrophic climate change and the attendant longer term commercial
               impacts. To manage its impact, IAG has announced Science Based Emission targets. IAG is also committed to continuing to
               enhance its understanding of climate risk and has commenced disclosure consistent with the recommendations of the Task Force
               on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), which embrace: governance; strategy; risk management; and metrics and targets.
               Expanded TCFD disclosure will be provided by the conclusion of the 2019 financial year. This will be informed by IAG’s participation
               in the global UNEP FI-led pilot, which commenced in August 2018. Such disclosure will consider the most appropriate analysis of
               the physical and transitional risks faced by IAG in various global warming scenarios, and material potential financial implications for
               the Group.
                                                                                                                                                       9
               Detail of IAG's overall risk management framework, which is outlined in the RMS, is set out in Note 3.1 within the 30 June 2018
               Annual Report and in the Corporate Governance Statement, which is available at www.iag.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.

               OUTLOOK
               IAG’s GWP growth guidance for the current financial year has been maintained at 2-4%. Ongoing growth is expected in the second
               half of the current financial year, but at a slightly more subdued pace than that seen in the current half year. Contributory factors
               are expected to be:
                   further rate increases across short-tail personal and commercial classes;
                   modest volume increases in personal line categories, notably motor;
                   further decline in commercial volumes, including those from ongoing remediation activity;




For personal use only
                   lower NSW CTP rates, following a planned rate reduction of 3.6% from March 2019; and
                   lower growth in workers’ compensation GWP, after the unexpectedly large increase in the current half year on wage and rate
                    factors.

               IAG has reaffirmed its reported insurance margin guidance range for the year ended 30 June 2019 of 16.0-18.0%. This follows the
               improvement in underlying insurance margin in the current half year, and includes the absorption of an anticipated full year
               increase in regulatory and compliance costs of around $20 million (pre-quota share) compared to the prior financial year.

               All other margin-related assumptions are unchanged and comprise:
                    a net improvement in pre-tax profit of approximately $100 million from optimisation program initiatives, as implementation
                     costs dissipate;
                    net losses from natural perils in line with allowance of $608 million, taking into account $101 million of protection from the
                     financial year-based stop-loss reinsurance cover which is available immediately above $608 million;
                    prior period reserve releases of around 2% of NEP; and
                    no material movement in foreign exchange rates or investment markets in the second half of the current financial year.

               DIVIDENDS
               Details of dividends paid or determined to be paid by the Company and the dividend policy employed by the Group are set out in
               Note 2.4 within the financial statements.

               Cash earnings are used for the purposes of targeted ROE and dividend payout policy and are defined as:
                  net profit after tax attributable to shareholders of the Parent;
                  plus amortisation and impairment of acquired identifiable intangibles; and
                  excluding any unusual items (non-recurring in nature).

                                                                                                                                                       31 December             31 December
                                                                                                                                                              2018                    2017
               CASH EARNINGS                                                                                                                                    $m                      $m
               Net profit after tax                                                                                                                            500                     551
               Acquired intangible amortisation and impairment                                                                                                  29                      79
                                                                                                                                                               529                     630
               Non-recurring items:
               Corporate expenses(1)                                                                                                                                  (5)                      -
               Tax effect on corporate expenses                                                                                                                       (1)                      -
               Gain on sale of Thailand                                                                                                                            (208)                       -
               Loss of diversification benefit on sale of Thailand                                                                                                     4                       -
               Cash earnings(2)                                                                                                                                     319                     630
               Interim dividend                                                                                                                                    277                     331
               Cash payout ratio(2)                                                                                                                               86.8%                  52.5%
               (1)      Corporate expenses in the current half year amounted to a profit of $5 million. The main contributory factor was the profit on sale of Australia’s interest in authorised
                        representative brokers, Community Broker Network. This was sold with effect from early October 2018.
               (2)      Cash earnings and cash payout ratio represent non-IFRS financial information.

               IAG's full year dividend payout policy is to pay dividends equivalent to approximately 60-80% of reported full year cash earnings in
               respect of any given financial year.

               The Board has determined to pay an interim fully franked dividend of 12.0 cents per ordinary share (cps) (31 December 2017: 14.0
               cps). The interim dividend is payable on 20 March 2019 to shareholders registered as at 5pm Australian Eastern Daylight Time
               (AEDT) on 13 February 2019.

               During the current half year IAG paid a special dividend of 5.5 cents per share as part of the capital management initiative
               announced in August 2018 and approved by shareholders at the AGM on 26 October 2018. Payment occurred on 26 November
               2018.




               10 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               As at 31 December 2018, and after allowance for payment of the interim dividend, IAG’s franking balance was $42 million, giving it
               the capacity to fully frank a further $99 million of distributions. IAG’s franking balance includes its 70% entitlement to franking held
               by Insurance Manufacturers of Australia Pty Limited.

               IAG’s franking credit balance has reduced in recent years, owing to past capital management measures and the move to a higher
               dividend payout policy. As originally indicated in August 2018, it is IAG’s expectation that it may not be in a position to fully frank
               distributions on its securities from the second half of calendar 2019 onwards, with franking from that date expected to be in the
               range of 70% to 100%.

               The dividend reinvestment plan (DRP) will operate for the interim dividend for shareholders registered for the DRP as at 5pm AEDT
               on 14 February 2019. The issue price per share will be the Average Market Price as defined in the DRP terms with no discount for




For personal use only
               participants. Shares allocated under the DRP are purchased on-market. Information about IAG’s DRP is available at
               http://www.iag.com.au/shareholder-centre/dividends/reinvestment.

               SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN STATE OF AFFAIRS
               During the half year, the following changes became effective:
                  On 26 November 2018, IAG completed its capital management initiative amounting to 25.0 cents per ordinary share, or $592
                   million, which comprised a 19.5 cents capital return and a 5.5 cents fully franked special dividend, alongside a share
                   consolidation that reduced the Company’s ordinary issued shares by 2.4%.
                  On 31 August 2018, IAG completed the sale of its Thailand operations for a consideration of $515 million, which resulted in
                   the recognition of a gain of $208 million, net of tax.

               EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE
               Detail of matters subsequent to the end of the half year are set out below and in Note 3.7 within the financial statements. These
               include:
                   The Board determined to pay an interim dividend of 12.0 cents per share, 100% franked. The dividend will be paid on 20
                    March 2019. The dividend reinvestment plan will operate by acquiring shares on market for participants with no discount
                    applied.

               LEAD AUDITOR'S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE CORPORATIONS ACT
               2001
               The lead auditor's independence declaration is set out on page 12 and forms part of the Directors' Report for the half year ended
               31 December 2018.

               ROUNDING OF AMOUNTS
               Unless otherwise stated, amounts in the financial report and Directors' Report have been rounded to the nearest million dollars.
               The Company is of a kind referred to in the ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191 dated 24 March 2016 issued by the Australian
               Securities & Investments Commission. All rounding has been conducted in accordance with that instrument.

               Signed at Sydney this 6th day of February 2019 in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




               Peter Harmer
               Director




                                                                                                                                                    11
               LEAD AUDITOR'S
               INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION
               UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE CORPORATIONS ACT 2001




For personal use only
               TO THE DIRECTORS OF INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED

               I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the review of Insurance Australia Group Limited for the half year
               ended 31 December 2018 there have been:
                   no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the review;
                    and
                   no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the review.




               KPMG




               Andrew Yates
               Partner


               Sydney
               6 February 2019




               12 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative ("KPMG
               International"), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
               CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
               STATEMENTS
               CONTENTS                                                 PAGE
               Consolidated statement of comprehensive income             14




For personal use only
               Consolidated balance sheet                                 16
               Consolidated statement of changes in equity                17
               Consolidated cash flow statement                           18
               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               1          OVERVIEW
               1.1        Introduction                                   19
               1.2        About this report                              19
               1.3        Segment reporting                              21

               2          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AND TRANSACTIONS
               2.1        Disposal of subsidiaries                       23
               2.2        Discontinued operations                        24
               2.3        Notes to the statement of changes in equity    26
               2.4        Dividends                                      26

               3          INTERIM DISCLOSURES
               3.1        Investments                                    27
               3.2        Interest-bearing liabilities                   28
               3.3        Earnings per share                             28
               3.4        Derivatives                                    29
               3.5        Investment in joint venture and associates     30
               3.6        Contingencies                                  30
               3.7        Events subsequent to reporting date            30
               3.8        Net tangible assets                            30




                                                                          13
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
               COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
               FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018
                                                                                                                                  NOTE    31 December 31 December
                                                                                                                                                 2018       2017*
                                                                                                                                                   $m           $m




For personal use only
               Gross earned premium                                                                                                              5,984      5,780
               Outwards reinsurance premium expense                                                                                             (2,373)    (1,613)
               Net earned premium (i)                                                                                                            3,611      4,167
               Claims expense                                                                                                                   (4,183)    (4,039)
               Reinsurance and other recoveries revenue                                                                                          1,825      1,534
               Net claims expense (ii)                                                                                                          (2,358)    (2,505)
               Commission expense                                                                                                                 (487)      (491)
               Underwriting expense                                                                                                               (945)      (893)
               Reinsurance commission revenue                                                                                                      573        344
               Net underwriting expense (iii)                                                                                                     (859)    (1,040)
               Underwriting profit (i) + (ii) + (iii)                                                                                              394        622
               Investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                                                                           111        133
               Investment expenses on assets backing insurance liabilities                                                                            (9)      (10)
               Insurance profit                                                                                                                    496        745
               Investment income on shareholders' funds                                                                                                3      138
               Fee and other income                                                                                                                  67         94
               Share of net profit of associates                                                                                                     18         18
               Finance costs                                                                                                                        (48)       (39)
               Fee-based, corporate and other expenses                                                                                              (92)     (166)
               Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in unitholders' funds                                                               (3)        (1)
               Profit before income tax from continuing operations                                                                                 441        789
               Income tax expense                                                                                                                 (123)      (211)
               Profit after income tax from continuing operations                                                                                  318        578
               Profit/(loss) after income tax from discontinued operations                                                          2.2            207           (9)
               Profit for the period                                                                                                               525        569
               OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(EXPENSE)
               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
               Net movement in foreign currency translation reserve, net of tax                                                                     36          (28)
               Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
               Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax                                                                                  (7)           (2)
               Other comprehensive income/(expense) from continuing operations, net of tax                                                         29           (30)
               Other comprehensive income/(expense) from discontinued operations, net of tax                                        2.2            20             (1)
               Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                                                              574          538
               PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD ATTRIBUTABLE TO
               Shareholders of the Parent - continuing operations                                                                                 293          559
               Shareholders of the Parent - discontinued operations                                                                 2.2           207            (8)
               Non-controlling interests - continuing operations                                                                                   25           19
               Non-controlling interests - discontinued operations                                                                  2.2              -           (1)
               Profit for the period                                                                                                              525          569
               TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD ATTRIBUTABLE TO
               Shareholders of the Parent - continuing operations                                                                                 322          529
               Shareholders of the Parent - discontinued operations                                                                 2.2           227            (9)
               Non-controlling interests - continuing operations                                                                                   25           19
               Non-controlling interests - discontinued operations                                                                  2.2              -           (1)
               Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                                                              574          538
               *        Prior period comparatives have been re-presented due to the discontinued operations. Refer to Note 2.2.




               14 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
               (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                  NOTE 31 December 31 December
                                                                                                                                              2018       2017*
                                                                                                                                              cents       cents
               EARNINGS PER SHARE – CONTINUING AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
               Basic earnings per ordinary share                                                                                  3.3        21.31        23.32
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share                                                                                3.3        20.48        22.60




For personal use only
               EARNINGS PER SHARE – CONTINUING OPERATIONS
               Basic earnings per ordinary share                                                                                  3.3        12.49        23.66
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share                                                                                3.3        12.39        22.92

               *        Prior period comparatives have been re-presented due to the discontinued operations. Refer to Note 2.2.

               The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial
               statements.




                                                                                                                                                             15
               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
               SHEET
               AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2018
                                                                                                           NOTE 31 December         30 June
                                                                                                                       2018           2018
                                                                                                                         $m             $m




For personal use only
               ASSETS
               Cash held for operational purposes                                                                          431         448
               Investments                                                                                  3.1         10,605      11,007
               Trade and other receivables                                                                               3,911       4,085
               Current tax assets                                                                                           99          17
               Assets held for sale                                                                         2.2             63         655
               Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims                                                    5,469       5,422
               Deferred insurance expenses                                                                               3,605       3,443
               Deferred levies and charges                                                                                 131         136
               Deferred tax assets                                                                                         499         544
               Property and equipment                                                                                      177         180
               Other assets                                                                                                 86          89
               Investment in joint venture and associates                                                   3.5            517         557
               Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                            3,173       3,183
               Total assets                                                                                             28,766      29,766
               LIABILITIES
               Trade and other payables                                                                                  2,835       2,592
               Current tax liabilities                                                                                        -        120
               Liabilities held for sale                                                                    2.2             27         444
               Unearned premium liability                                                                                6,227       6,217
               Outstanding claims liability                                                                             10,352      10,410
               Non-controlling interests in unitholders' funds                                                             211         239
               Provisions                                                                                                  283         327
               Other liabilities                                                                                           514         516
               Interest-bearing liabilities                                                                 3.2          1,976       1,960
               Total liabilities                                                                                        22,425      22,825
               Net assets                                                                                                6,341       6,941
               EQUITY
               Share capital                                                                                2.3           6,617      7,082
               Treasury shares held in trust                                                                                 (49)       (27)
               Reserves                                                                                                       39          (4)
               Retained earnings                                                                                           (497)      (382)
               Parent interest                                                                                            6,110      6,669
               Non-controlling interests                                                                                    231        272
               Total equity                                                                                               6,341      6,941

               The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




               16 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
               CHANGES IN EQUITY
               FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018
                                                                                             SHARE-
                                                                      TREASURY      FOREIGN  BASED
                                                                        SHARES    CURRENCY REMUN-                   NON-




For personal use only
                                                             SHARE      HELD IN TRANSLATION ERATION RETAINED CONTROLLING                  TOTAL
                                                            CAPITAL      TRUST     RESERVE RESERVE EARNINGS    INTERESTS                 EQUITY
                                                                $m          $m           $m      $m       $m          $m                    $m
               31 December 2018
               Balance at the beginning of the financial
               period                                        7,082         (27)           (33)        29        (382)           272      6,941
               Profit for the period                              -           -              -          -        500             25        525
               Other comprehensive income/(expense)               -           -            56           -          (7)             -        49
               Total comprehensive income for the
               period                                             -           -            56               -    493              25       574
               Transactions with owners in their
               capacity as owners
               Capital return, including transaction
               costs                                          (465)           -              -          -            -               -     (465)
               Share-based remuneration                           -        (22)              -       (13)          (5)               -       (40)
               Dividends determined and paid                      -           -              -          -       (603)            (66)      (669)
               Additional investment in subsidiaries              -           -              -          -            -              2           2
               Disposal of subsidiaries                           -           -              -          -            -             (2)         (2)
               Balance at the end of the financial period    6,617         (49)            23         16        (497)           231      6,341

               31 December 2017
               Balance at the beginning of the financial
               period                                        7,082         (38)           (19)        36        (499)           230      6,792
               Profit for the period                              -           -              -          -        551             18        569
               Other comprehensive expense                        -           -           (29)          -          (2)             -        (31)
               Total comprehensive income/(expense)
               for the period                                     -           -           (29)          -       549              18        538
               Transactions with owners in their
               capacity as owners
               Share-based remuneration                           -          8               -       (14)          (5)              -       (11)
               Dividends determined and paid                      -           -              -          -       (473)            (21)     (494)
               Balance at the end of the financial period    7,082         (30)           (48)        22        (428)           227      6,825

               The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                              17
               CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW
               STATEMENT
               FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018
                                                                                                                                              31 December 31 December
                                                                                                                                                     2018        2017
                                                                                                                                                       $m          $m




For personal use only
               CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
               Premium received                                                                                                                          6,020              5,971
               Reinsurance and other recoveries received                                                                                                 1,730              1,590
               Claim costs paid                                                                                                                         (4,273)            (4,560)
               Outwards reinsurance premium expense paid                                                                                                (2,317)            (1,627)
               Dividends, interest and trust distributions received                                                                                        299                230
               Finance costs paid                                                                                                                           (45)               (46)
               Income taxes paid                                                                                                                          (243)              (291)
               Other operating receipts                                                                                                                  1,000                794
               Other operating payments                                                                                                                 (1,806)            (2,038)
               Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                    365                  23
               CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
               Net cash flows on disposal/(acquisition) of subsidiaries and associates                                                                     370                  2
               Net cash flows from sale/(purchase) of investments and plant and equipment                                                                  211                174
               Net cash flows from investing activities                                                                                                    581                176
               CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
               Outlays for capital return, including transaction costs                                                                                    (465)                   -
               Repayment of borrowings                                                                                                                         -                (2)
               Net cash flow from issue and redemption of trust units                                                                                       (30)                 9
               Dividends paid to shareholders of the Parent                                                                                               (603)             (473)
               Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                                                  (66)              (21)
               Net cash flows from financing activities                                                                                                 (1,164)             (487)
               Net movement in cash held                                                                                                                  (218)             (288)
               Effects of exchange rate changes on balances of cash held in foreign currencies                                                                8                 (3)
               Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial period                                                                        1,345             1,480
               Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial period*                                                                             1,135             1,189

               * Includes $431 million (31 December 2017: $436 million) of cash held for operational purposes, $661 million (31 December 2017: $753 million) of cash and short-term
                 money held for investments, and $43 million of cash and cash equivalents in discontinued operations (31 December 2017: nil).


               The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




               18 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               NOTES TO THE
               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               1. OVERVIEW
               NOTE 1.1 INTRODUCTION




For personal use only
               The financial report is structured to provide prominence to the disclosures that are considered most relevant to the users'
               understanding of the operations, results and financial position of IAG.

               The financial report has been organised into the following sections:
               1. Overview – contains information that impacts the financial report as a whole, as well as segment reporting disclosures.
               2. Significant events and transactions – disclosure of significant changes in the Group’s financial position and performance.
               3. Interim disclosures – disclosures required to comply with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting.

               NOTE 1.2 ABOUT THIS REPORT
               A. CORPORATE INFORMATION
               Insurance Australia Group Limited (Company or Parent), the ultimate parent entity in the Group, is a for-profit company
               incorporated and domiciled in Australia and limited by shares publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX). Its
               registered office and principal place of business is Level 13, Tower Two, Darling Park, 201 Sussex Street, Sydney, NSW 2000,
               Australia. This financial report covers the consolidated financial statements for the Company and its subsidiaries (IAG or Group) for
               the half year ended 31 December 2018.

               This report is also to be read in conjunction with the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2018 and any public announcements
               made by Insurance Australia Group Limited during the reporting period in accordance with the continuous disclosure requirements
               of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ASX Listing Rules.

               A description of the nature of IAG's operations and its principal activities is included in the Directors' Report.

               B. STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
               This general purpose half year financial report was authorised by the Board of Directors for issue on 6 February 2019 and complies
               with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the recognition and measurement requirements of
               other applicable Australian Accounting Standards adopted by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB), the Corporations
               Act 2001 and the ASX Listing Rules.

               The current IFRS standard for insurance contracts does not include a comprehensive set of recognition and measurement criteria.
               The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) has issued a new standard (IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts – adopted as AASB
               17 Insurance Contracts in an Australian context) that does include such criteria, with the current effective date of 1 January 2021.
               However since issuing the standard, the IASB has agreed to propose a one year delay to the effective date to 1 January 2022, the
               agreement of which is subject to public consultation.

               C. BASIS OF PREPARATION
               The financial statements have been prepared on the basis of historical cost principles, as modified by certain exceptions, with the
               principal exceptions being the measurement of all investments and derivatives at fair value and the measurement of the
               outstanding claims liability and related reinsurance and other recoveries at present value. All values are rounded to the nearest
               million dollars, unless otherwise stated, in accordance with ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191.

               The balance sheet is prepared with the assets and liabilities presented broadly in order of liquidity.

               The financial report is presented in Australian dollars, which is the functional currency of the Company.

               D. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES ADOPTED
               The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of this financial report have been applied consistently by all entities in IAG and
               are the same as those applied for the previous reporting year, unless otherwise stated. The financial statements of entities
               operating outside Australia that maintain accounting records in accordance with overseas accounting principles are adjusted where
               necessary to comply with the significant accounting policies of IAG. The significant accounting policies adopted in the preparation
               of this financial report are set out within the relevant note in the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2018.




                                                                                                                                                19
               I. Changes in accounting policies
               The following new Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations are applicable for the current reporting period.

               TITLE               DESCRIPTION
               AASB 9              Financial Instruments
               AASB 15             Revenue from Contracts with Customers
               AASB 2016-5         Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions
               AASB 2017-1         Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Transfers of Investment Property, Annual Improvements
                                   2014-2016 Cycle and Other Amendments
               AASB 2017-3         Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Clarifications to AASB 4




For personal use only
               AASB Interpretation Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration
               22

               Adoption of the new and amended accounting standards had no material financial impact on the Group.

               AASB 9 Financial Instruments
               For IAG, AASB 9 Financial Instruments became effective for periods beginning on 1 July 2018, replacing the existing accounting
               requirements for financial instruments under AASB 139 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. AASB 9 introduces
               changes to the classification and measurement of financial instruments, replaces the ‘incurred loss’ impairment model with a new
               ‘expected loss’ model when recognising expected credit losses on financial assets, and new general hedge accounting
               requirements.

               IAG has applied AASB 9 retrospectively, with no material change to the carrying amount of its financial instruments when measured
               under the requirements of AASB 9. From a classification perspective, there was no impact to IAG’s financial instruments as
               reflected in the table below. IAG’s investments continue to be designated as at fair value through profit or loss on initial
               recognition and subsequently remeasured to fair value at each reporting date, reflecting the business model applied by IAG to
               manage and evaluate its investment portfolio. An analysis has been performed of the expected credit losses associated with IAG's
               in-scope financial assets and note that the provisions raised under AASB 139 are sufficient when considering the lifetime expected
               credit losses associated with these assets. AASB 9 specifically excludes from its scope the rights and obligations arising from
               insurance contracts, as defined under AASB 4 Insurance Contracts.

               The measurement bases of IAG's financial assets and liabilities under AASB 139 and AASB 9 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                        Carrying amount of
                                                                         Measurement basis                                      Measurement basis                     asset/(liability) under
               Asset/liability                                           under AASB 139                                         under AASB 9                         AASB 9 and AASB 139
                                                                                                                                                                                          $m
               Interest-bearing investments(1)                           Fair value through profit or loss                      No change                                                  8,743
               Equity investments                                        Fair value through profit or loss                      No change                                                  1,607
               Other trusts                                              Fair value through profit or loss                      No change                                                     252
               Derivatives without hedge                                 Fair value through profit or loss                      No change
               accounting applied                                                                                                                                                              (48)
               Derivatives with hedge                                    Fair value through profit or loss                      No change
               accounting applied                                                                                                                                                              (17)
               Cash                                                      Amortised cost                                         No change                                                     431
               Trade and other receivables(2)                            Amortised cost                                         No change                                                     285
               Interest-bearing liabilities                              Amortised cost                                         No change                                                  (1,976)
               (1)      Interest-bearing investments includes assets held to back insurance liabilities (policyholder funds) and those that form part of shareholders' funds, with each portfolio
                        managed separately. Policyholder funds are available for future settlement of claims and can generally be readily sold or exchanged for cash to settle claims. IAG
                        invests policyholder funds, wherever possible, in securities with interest rate sensitivities that align to the underlying insurance liabilities. To significantly reduce any
                        accounting mismatch with movements in insurance liabilities from changes in interest rate, IAG adopted the option available under AASB 9 to designate policyholder
                        funds to be measured at fair value through profit or loss. IAG invest shareholders' funds to maximise the return on risk-based capital, consistent with IAG's risk appetite
                        and flexibility requirements, which results in the portfolio being measured at fair value through profit or loss.
               (2)      This excludes receivables arising from IAG's insurance contracts as these are out of scope of AASB 9.

               AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
               AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers also became effective for periods beginning on 1 July 2018, with no material
               impact to IAG. AASB 15 introduces a single model for the recognition of revenue based on when an entity satisfies the contractual
               performance obligations by transferring a promised good and service to a customer. It does not apply to insurance contracts and
               financial instruments. Hence the majority of IAG’s revenue is not impacted by this change. Revenue from contracts with
               customers, as defined by AASB 15, is disclosed as ‘Fee and other income’ in the statement of comprehensive income, there has
               been no material change in the measurement of 'Fee and other income' on implementation of AASB 15 as the existing recognition
               and measurement of revenue under the applicable contracts meets the requirements under the new standard.




               20 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               II. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
               In the process of applying the significant accounting policies, certain critical accounting estimates and assumptions are applied
               and judgements are made by management, the results of which affect the amounts recognised in the financial statements. The
               estimates and related assumptions are based on experience and other factors that are considered to be reasonable, and are
               reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which they are revised, and future
               periods if relevant. The areas where material estimates and judgements are applied are set out below, with further details provided
               within the relevant note in the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2018.

                AREAS OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
                Claims and reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims
                Liability adequacy test




For personal use only
                Intangible assets and goodwill impairment testing, initial measurement and useful life
                Income tax and related assets and liabilities
                Investment in joint venture and associates impairment testing


               NOTE 1.3 SEGMENT REPORTING
               IAG has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by the Group Chief Executive
               Officer (being the chief operating decision maker) in assessing performance and in determining the allocation of resources.

               A. REPORTABLE SEGMENTS
               IAG has general insurance operations in Australia and New Zealand. Each division has end-to-end responsibility for delivering the
               customer experience, with responsibility for the customer, product, distribution and operations functions. IAG's operating model
               was refined in the 2018 financial year to create a single Australian division. During the intervening period, the model has
               continued to evolve. As a result of further operational changes implemented during the current reporting period, including changes
               in the internal reports reviewed by the Group Chief Executive Officer, IAG has revised its reportable segments to reflect this
               combined Australian division, with the prior period segment information re-presented accordingly.

               Further, following the classification of IAG’s consolidated businesses in Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia as discontinued
               operations at 30 June 2018, Asia is no longer disclosed as a distinct operating segment. For further details refer to Note 2.2. IAG's
               ongoing interests in Malaysia and India continue to be treated as associates, within the Corporate and other segment.

               The reportable segments for the period ended 31 December 2018 comprise the following business divisions:

               I. Australia
               This segment provides general insurance products to individuals, families and business throughout Australia, primarily
               through NRMA Insurance, SGIO, SGIC and CGU brands, the RACV brand in Victoria (via a distribution and underwriting
               relationship with RACV), the Coles Insurance brand nationally (via a distribution agreement with Coles) and the WFI brand
               through intermediaries including brokers, authorised representatives and distribution partners.

               II. New Zealand
               This segment provides general insurance business underwritten in New Zealand. Insurance products are sold directly to
               customers predominantly under the State and AMI brands, and through intermediaries (insurance brokers and authorised
               representatives) primarily using the NZI and Lumley Insurance brands. Personal and commercial products are also distributed
               by corporate partners, such as large financial institutions, using third party brands.

               III. Corporate and other
               This segment comprises other activities, including corporate services, capital management activity, shareholders’ funds
               investment activities, inward reinsurance from associates, and investment in associates in Malaysia and India. IAG’s captive
               reinsurance operation (captive) is a corporate function that acts as the interface between the external providers of
               reinsurance capital and the operating business divisions. IAG does not manage or view the captive as a separate business.
               Consequently, the operating results of the captive are systematically allocated to the operating business segments.




                                                                                                                                                21
               B. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                           NEW CORPORATE
                                                                                                                  AUSTRALIA            ZEALAND AND OTHER                      TOTAL
                                                                                                                         $m                 $m        $m                        $m
               31 December 2018
               I. Financial performance
               Total external revenue(1)                                                                                  6,889            1,651                 41           8,581
               Underwriting profit/(loss)                                                                                   215               184                 (5)             394
               Net investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                                                 89                 9                  4              102




For personal use only
               Insurance profit/(loss)                                                                                      304               193                 (1)             496
               Net investment loss on shareholders' funds                                                                      -                 -                (7)                (7)
               Share of net profit of associates                                                                              1                  -               17                 18
               Finance costs                                                                                                   -                 -              (48)               (48)
               Other net operating result                                                                                     9                  -              (27)               (18)
               Total segment result from continuing operations                                                              314               193               (66)               441
               Income tax expense                                                                                                                                                 (123)
               Profit for the period from continuing operations                                                                                                                    318

               II. Other segment information
               Capital expenditure(2)                                                                                            -                -              71                71
               Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                          54                26                  -              80
               (1)      Total external revenue comprises premium revenue, reinsurance and other recoveries, reinsurance commission revenue, investment income on assets backing
                        insurance liabilities, investment income on shareholders' funds, fee and other income and share of net profit/(loss) of associates.
               (2)      Capital expenditure includes acquisitions of property and equipment, intangibles and other non-current segment assets.


                                                                                                                                           NEW CORPORATE
                                                                                                                  AUSTRALIA            ZEALAND AND OTHER                      TOTAL
                                                                                                                         $m                 $m        $m                        $m
               31 December 2017(3)
               I. Financial performance
               Total external revenue(1)                                                                                  6,265            1,604               172            8,041
               Underwriting profit/(loss)                                                                                   505               118                 (1)             622
               Net investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                                                120                 1                  2              123
               Insurance profit                                                                                             625               119                  1              745
               Net investment income on shareholders' funds                                                                    -                 -             129                129
               Share of net profit of associates                                                                              2                  -               16                 18
               Finance costs                                                                                                   -                 -              (39)               (39)
               Other net operating result                                                                                     5                  -              (69)               (64)
               Total segment result from continuing operations                                                              632               119                38                789
               Income tax expense                                                                                                                                                 (211)
               Profit for the period from continuing operations                                                                                                                    578

               II. Other segment information
               Capital expenditure(2)                                                                                            -                -              72                72
               Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                          55                26                  -              81
               (1)      Total external revenue comprises premium revenue, reinsurance and other recoveries, reinsurance commission revenue, investment income on assets backing
                        insurance liabilities, investment income on shareholders' funds, fee and other income and share of net profit/(loss) of associates.
               (2)      Capital expenditure includes acquisitions of property and equipment, intangibles and other non-current segment assets.
               (3)      Prior period comparatives have been re-presented due to the revision to reportable segments and the discontinued operations. Refer to Note 2.2.




               22 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               2. SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AND TRANSACTIONS
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section comprises disclosures on the events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes in the
               Group's financial position and performance since the end of the last annual reporting period. Information disclosed in relation to
               those events and transactions provides an update on the relevant information presented in the most recent annual financial
               report.


               NOTE 2.1 DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
               THAILAND OPERATIONS




For personal use only
               On 31 August 2018, IAG completed the sale of its Thailand operations, which included Safety Insurance Public Company Limited.
               Details of the sale are as follows:

                                                                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                                                                            2018
                                                                                                                                              $m
               Consideration received:
                Cash consideration                                                                                                             515
                Withholding tax and stamp duty                                                                                                   (9)
               Net cash consideration received                                                                                                 506

               Carrying amount of net assets disposed of                                                                                      (209)
               Non-controlling interests                                                                                                          2
               Other transaction-related expenses, net of tax                                                                                   (80)
               Gain on sale before income tax and reclassification of foreign currency translation reserve                                     219

               Reclassification of foreign currency translation reserve                                                                         (11)
               Gain on sale after income tax                                                                                                   208

               The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities as at the date of sale (31 August 2018) were:

                                                                                                                                         31 August
                                                                                                                                             2018
                                                                                                                                               $m
               Cash held for operational purposes                                                                                              25
               Investments*                                                                                                                   270
               Trade and other receivables                                                                                                     70
               Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims                                                                          81
               Deferred insurance expenses                                                                                                    112
               Other assets                                                                                                                    32
               Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                                  65
               Total assets held for sale                                                                                                     655

               Trade and other payables                                                                                                         78
               Outstanding claims liability                                                                                                    154
               Unearned premium liability                                                                                                      200
               Other liabilities                                                                                                                14
               Total liabilities held for sale                                                                                                 446

               Net assets                                                                                                                      209
               *        Includes cash and short-term money held in investments of $98 million.




                                                                                                                                               23
               NOTE 2.2 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
               On 19 June 2018, IAG announced it had entered into a sale agreement with Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (Tokio
               Marine) for IAG’s operations in Thailand and Indonesia. Separate to the transactions with Tokio Marine, IAG has reached an
               agreement to sell its interest in AAA Assurance Corporation, based in Vietnam. As a result of the sale agreements, these
               consolidated Asian businesses have been identified as discontinued operations in the current financial period and comparative
               figures have been re-presented accordingly. The sale of IAG's Thailand operations was completed on 31 August 2018, with the
               performance of this operation being included up to this date. The remaining transactions with regards to the sale of IAG's
               operations in Vietnam and Indonesia are expected to conclude in the financial year ending 30 June 2019, subject to the receipt of
               requisite regulatory approvals and/or notifications.

                                                                                                                                                        31 December           31 December
                                                                                                                                                               2018                  2017




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                 $m                    $m
               A. RESULTS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
               Revenue                                                                                                                                               109                  231
               Expenses                                                                                                                                             (109)                (238)
               Loss before income tax                                                                                                                                    -                   (7)
               Income tax expense                                                                                                                                      (1)                   (2)
               Loss after income tax of discontinued operations                                                                                                        (1)                   (9)
               Gain on sale of subsidiaries after income tax (see Note 2.1)                                                                                          208                       -
               Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations                                                                                                            207                     (9)
               Other comprehensive income/(expense), net of tax                                                                                                       20                     (1)
               Total comprehensive income/(loss) from discontinued operations                                                                                        227                   (10)

               Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to shareholders of the Parent                                                                                 207                     (8)
               Loss for the year attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                              -                    (1)
               Profit/(loss) for the year from discontinued operations                                                                                               207                     (9)

               Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year attributable shareholders of the Parent                                                                227                     (9)
               Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable non-controlling interests                                                                             -                    (1)
               Total comprehensive income/(loss) from discontinued operations                                                                                        227                   (10)

               B. EARNINGS PER SHARE FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
               Basic earnings per share, from discontinued operations – cents per share                                                                             8.82                 (0.34)
               Diluted earnings per share, from discontinued operations – cents per share                                                                           8.09                 (0.32)

               C. CASH FLOW FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
               Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                               (17)                   (7)
               Net cash flows from investing activities*                                                                                                             383                    10
               Net cash flows from financing activities                                                                                                                22                      -
               Net cash flows for the period from discontinued operations                                                                                            388                      3
               *        The net cash flows from investing activities for the half year ended 31 December 2018 includes a net inflow of $383 million from the sale of IAG's Thailand operations,
                        which is comprised of the net cash consideration received of $506 million and the cash and cash equivalents disposed of totalling $123 million.




               24 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               D. ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE
               As at 30 June 2018, the assets and liabilities that were classified as held for sale related to IAG's consolidated businesses in
               Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia. As a result of the sale of the operations in Thailand on 31 August 2018, the assets and liabilities
               classified as held for sale as at 31 December 2018 relate to the businesses in Vietnam and Indonesia.

                                                                                                                         31 December            30 June
                                                                                                                                2018              2018
                                                                                                                                  $m                 $m
               Cash held for operational purposes                                                                                 14                 32
               Investments                                                                                                        31                282
               Trade and other receivables                                                                                         2                 72




For personal use only
               Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims                                                              3                 52
               Deferred insurance expenses                                                                                         3                111
               Other assets                                                                                                        9                 41
               Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                      1                 65
               Total assets held for sale                                                                                         63                655

               Trade and other payables                                                                                              6               65
               Outstanding claims liability                                                                                          9              157
               Unearned premium liability                                                                                           11              206
               Other liabilities                                                                                                     1               16
               Total liabilities held for sale                                                                                      27              444

               E. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a
               sale transaction rather than through continuing use and a sale is considered highly probable. They are measured at the lower of
               their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell, except for assets such as deferred tax assets, assets arising from employee
               benefits, financial assets and contractual rights under insurance contracts, which are specifically exempt from this requirement.
               Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale are presented separately in the balance sheet.

               An impairment loss is recognised for any initial or subsequent write-down of the asset (or disposal group) to fair value less costs to
               sell. A gain is recognised for any subsequent increases in fair value less costs to sell of an asset (or disposal group), but not in
               excess of any cumulative impairment loss previously recognised. A gain or loss not previously recognised by the date of the sale of
               the non-current asset (or disposal group) is recognised at the date of derecognition.

               Non-current assets (including those that are part of a disposal group) are not depreciated or amortised while they are classified as
               held for sale. Interest and other expenses attributable to the liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for sale continue to be
               recognised.

               A discontinued operation is a component of the entity that has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale and that represents
               a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations, is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of such a line
               of business or area of operations, or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. The results of discontinued
               operations are presented separately in the statement of profit or loss. When an operation is classified as a discontinued operation,
               the comparative statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income is re-presented as if the operation had been
               discontinued from the start of the comparative period.




                                                                                                                                                    25
               NOTE 2.3 NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                    31 December             30 June 31 December                    30 June
                                                                                                                           2018               2018         2018                      2018
                                                                                                                       Number of          Number of
                                                                                                                        shares in          shares in
                                                                                                                         millions           millions         $m                          $m
               SHARE CAPITAL
               I. Ordinary shares
               Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                              2,367             2,367                7,082             7,082
               Capital return and share consolidation, including transaction costs                                              (56)                -                (465)                 -




For personal use only
               Balance at the end of the financial period                                                                    2,311             2,367                6,617             7,082

               All ordinary shares on issue are fully paid and have no par value. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to a vote at the general
               meeting of the Company and to participate in the dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion to the
               number of, and amounts paid on, the shares held. Dividends, if declared, are subject to there being distributable profits available
               and not breaching APRA capital adequacy requirements.

               II. Changes during the period
               On 26 November 2018, IAG completed its capital management initiative amounting to 25.0 cents per ordinary share, or $592
               million, which comprised a 19.5 cents capital return and a 5.5 cents fully franked special dividend, with a share consolidation that
               reduced the Company’s ordinary issued shares by 2.4%.

               NOTE 2.4 DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                                        31 December 2018                         31 December 2017
                                                                                                                   Cents per                                 Cents per
                                                                                                                      share          $m                         share          $m
               A. ORDINARY SHARES
               Special dividend paid on 26 November 2018 fully franked at 30%                                                  5.5               130                     -                  -
               2018 final dividend paid on 27 September 2018 (31 December 2017:
               2017 final dividend) fully franked at 30%(1)                                                                  20.0                473               20.0                473
                                                                                                                                                 603                                   473
               B. DIVIDEND NOT RECOGNISED AT REPORTING DATE
               2019 interim dividend (31 December 2017: 2018 interim dividend) fully
               franked at 30% to be paid on 20 March 2019(2)                                                                 12.0                277               14.0                331
               (1)      Of the total 2018 final dividend declared of $474 million, right and entitlement of $1 million (2017 final dividend: $1 million) to dividends on unallocated treasury
                        shares was waived during the year by the trustee of the IAG Share and Rights Plans Trust.
               (2)      Of the total 2018 interim dividend declared of $331 million, right and entitlement of $1 million to dividends on unallocated treasury shares was waived during the year
                        by the trustee of the IAG Share and Rights Plans Trust.

               C. DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT
               A Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) generally allows eligible shareholders with ordinary shares to elect to receive their dividend
               entitlement in the form of ordinary shares of the Company. The price of DRP shares is the volume-weighted average share price
               (VWAP), less a discount if determined by the Directors, calculated over the pricing period (which is at least five trading days) as
               determined by the Directors for each dividend payment date. A copy of the terms and conditions for the DRP is available at
               www.iag.com.au/shareholder-centre/dividends/reinvestment.

               The DRP for the 2018 final dividend paid on 27 September 2018 was settled with the on-market purchase of 10.2 million shares
               priced at $7.60 share (based on a daily VWAP for 10 trading days from 27 August 2018 to 7 September 2018 inclusive, with no
               discount applied).




               26 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               3. INTERIM DISCLOSURES
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section includes information to be disclosed in accordance with the interim reporting Accounting Standard (AASB 134),
               Corporations Act and ASX Listing Rules, and which are relevant to understanding the changes in IAG’s financial position and
               performance since the end of the last annual reporting period.


               NOTE 3.1 INVESTMENTS
               The inputs used to determine the fair value for securities recognised under each level of the fair value hierarchy are set out below.




For personal use only
               I. Level 1 quoted prices
               The fair value is determined by reference to quoted prices (mid-market) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. For
               IAG, this category includes government securities and listed equities.

               II. Level 2 other observable inputs
               The fair value is determined by reference to quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities or by reference to other
               significant inputs that are not quoted prices but are based on observable market data, for example interest rate yield curves
               observable at commonly quoted intervals. For IAG, this category primarily includes corporate and other fixed interest securities
               where the market is considered to be lacking sufficient depth to be considered active.

               III. Level 3 unobservable inputs
               The fair value is determined using valuation techniques in which a number of the significant inputs are not based on observable
               market data. Level 3 investments are primarily unlisted private equity funds where the fair value of investments is determined on
               the basis of published redemption values of those funds. This category also includes IAG's unlisted equity interest in Bohai
               Property Insurance Company Limited (Bohai). The fair value of Bohai is supported by comparable transaction multiples observed in
               the local market.

               The table below separates the total investment balance by hierarchy category:

                                                                                     LEVEL 1            LEVEL 2            LEVEL 3              TOTAL
                                                                                         $m                 $m                 $m                 $m
               31 December 2018
               Interest-bearing investments                                             1,648             6,860                 235             8,743
               Equity investments                                                         987               320                 300             1,607
               Other investments                                                            3               252                    -              255
                                                                                        2,638             7,432                 535            10,605
               30 June 2018
               Interest-bearing investments                                             2,169             6,998                   1             9,168
               Equity investments                                                       1,049               341                 342             1,732
               Other investments                                                             -              107                    -              107
                                                                                        3,218             7,446                 343            11,007




                                                                                                                                                     27
               NOTE 3.2 INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                               31 December 2018                                  30 June 2018
                                                                                                                           Carrying                                 Carrying
                                                                                             Principal                       Value    Fair Value                      Value            Fair Value
               Final Maturity Date                                                           Amount                             $m           $m                          $m                   $m
               A. COMPOSITION
               I. Capital nature
               a. ADDITIONAL TIER 1 REGULATORY CAPITAL(1)
               Reset exchangeable securities
                  No fixed date                                                                $550 million                      550                  568                 550                  565




For personal use only
               Capital notes
                  No fixed date                                                                $404 million                      404                  425                 404                  423
               b. TIER 2 REGULATORY CAPITAL
               AUD subordinated convertible term notes
                  19 March 2040                                                                $350 million                      350                  351                 350                  354
                  15 June 2044                                                                 $350 million                      350                  349                 350                  353
                                                                                                                                 700                                      700
               NZD subordinated convertible term notes(2),(3)
                   15 June 2043                                                              NZ$350 million                      333                  342                 320                  332
               II. Operational nature
               Less: capitalised transaction costs                                                                               (11)                                     (14)
                                                                                                                              1,976                                    1,960
               (1)      Instruments issued prior to 1 January 2013 are eligible for inclusion in the relevant category of regulatory capital up to limits prescribed by APRA under transitional
                        arrangements. Any capital that is ineligible to be included in Additional Tier 1 Capital as a consequence may be included in Tier 2 capital to the extent there is residual
                        capacity within Tier 2 transitional limits.
               (2)      At the reporting date, the Company recognised accrued interest of $1 million (30 June 2018: $1 million) which is presented within trade and other payables.
               (3)      IAG is a "dual listed issuer" that is listed on both the ASX and the NZX Debt Market. As such, IAG is subject to some, but not all of the NZX Main Board/Debt Market
                        Listing Rules ("NZX Listing Rules"). In particular, the rules set out in Appendix 17 to the NZX Listing Rules do not apply to IAG.

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Interest-bearing liabilities are initially measured at fair value (net of transaction costs) and subsequently measured at amortised
               cost. Based on market conditions at any point in time, the carrying value of the liabilities may not be representative of the fair
               value of the liabilities. The fair value for all interest-bearing liabilities is calculated using their quoted market price (fair value
               hierarchy level 1).

               NOTE 3.3 EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                                                                                                                                         31 December 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                2018      2017(3)
                                                                                                                                                                cents       cents
               A. REPORTING PERIOD VALUES
               Continuing and discontinued operations
               Basic earnings per ordinary share(1)                                                                                                                  21.31               23.32
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share(2)                                                                                                                20.48               22.60
               Continuing operations
               Basic earnings per ordinary share(1)                                                                                                                  12.49               23.66
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share(2)                                                                                                                12.39               22.92

                (1)     The basic earnings per ordinary share is determined by dividing the profit or loss attributable to shareholders of the Parent by the weighted average number of shares
                        of the Parent on issue during the reporting period. The treasury shares held in trust are deducted, but earnings attributable to those shares are included.
                (2)     Diluted earnings per share is determined by dividing the profit or loss attributable to shareholders of the Parent, adjusted for the finance costs of dilutive convertible
                        instruments, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares and dilutive potential ordinary shares, primarily as a result of debt instruments that possess a
                        conversion feature.
                (3)     Prior period comparatives have been re-presented due to the discontinued operations. Refer to Note 2.2.




               28 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                                      31 December      31 December
                                                                                                                             2018             2017
                                                                                                                               $m               $m
               B. RECONCILIATION OF EARNINGS USED IN CALCULATING EARNINGS PER SHARE
               Profit attributable to shareholders of the Parent which is used in calculating basic and diluted
               earnings per share                                                                                                500            551
               Finance costs of convertible securities, net of tax                                                                24             18
               Profit attributable to shareholders of the Parent which is used in calculating diluted earnings
               per share                                                                                                         524            569
               Profit from continuing operations attributable to shareholders of the Parent                                      293            559




For personal use only
               Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations attributable to shareholders of the Parent                             207              (8)

                                                                                                                      31 December 31 December
                                                                                                                             2018        2017
                                                                                                                         Number of   Number of
                                                                                                                          shares in   shares in
                                                                                                                           millions    millions
               C. RECONCILIATION OF WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES
                  USED IN CALCULATING EARNINGS PER SHARE
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue (adjusted for treasury shares held in trust)
               used in the calculation of basic earnings per share                                                             2,346          2,363
               Weighted average number of dilutive potential ordinary shares relating to:
               Convertible securities                                                                                            208            150
               Unvested share-based remuneration rights supported by treasury shares held in trust                                 4              5
                                                                                                                               2,558          2,518

               NOTE 3.4 DERIVATIVES
                                                                                           31 December 2018                          30 June 2018
                                                                            Notional                                Notional
                                                                            contract    Fair value   Fair value     contract Fair value Fair value
                                                                             amount          asset     liability     amount       asset    liability
                                                                                 $m            $m           $m           $m         $m         $m
               A. REPORTING DATE POSITIONS
               I. Net investment hedges (hedge accounting applied)
               Forward foreign exchange contracts                                837             1          (18)      1,223          11         (15)
               II. Investment-related derivatives (derivatives without hedge accounting applied)
               Bond futures                                                   2,472            -               -     2,559             -           -
               Share price index futures                                         49            -               -        (28)           -           -
               Forward foreign exchange contracts                             3,447           3             (57)     3,394             -        (53)
               III. Treasury-related derivatives (derivatives without hedge accounting applied)
               Forward foreign exchange contracts                               751             8             (7)      754             6         (8)
               Interest rate swaps                                              333             5               -      320             1           -

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               I. Hedge accounting
               The foreign currency exposures arising on translation of net investments in foreign operations are hedged (net investment hedge)
               using forward exchange contracts and the designation of certain foreign currency borrowings as hedging instruments. The fair
               value is determined using observable inputs (level 2 in the fair value hierarchy).

               II. Derivatives without hedge accounting applied
               The fair value of the bond futures, share price index futures and options are measured using a quoted price in an active market
               (level 1 in the fair value hierarchy), whilst the fair value of the interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts are
               determined using observable inputs (level 2 in the fair value hierarchy).




                                                                                                                                                    29
               NOTE 3.5 INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURE AND ASSOCIATES
               Summarised information of interests in material joint venture and associates accounted for on an equity basis is as follows:

                                               COUNTRY OF
                                               INCORPORATION/ PRINCIPAL
                                               FORMATION      ACTIVITY                        CARRYING VALUE      OWNERSHIP INTEREST
                                                                                   31 December       30 June 31 December      30 June
                                                                                          2018          2018        2018        2018
                                                                                            $m            $m           %            %
               AmGeneral Holdings Berhad                           Insurance
               (AmGeneral)                   Malaysia              underwriting              335             392          49.00           49.00




For personal use only
               SBI General Insurance                               Insurance
               Company Limited (SBI General) India                 underwriting              157             139          26.00           26.00
               Other                                                                          25              26
                                                                                             517             557

               NOTE 3.6 CONTINGENCIES
               There have been no material changes in IAG’s contingent liabilities or contingent assets since 30 June 2018.

               NOTE 3.7 EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE
               As the following matters occurred after reporting date and did not relate to conditions existing at reporting date, no account has
               been taken of them in the financial statements for the current half year ended 31 December 2018. These include:
                   The Board determined to pay an interim dividend of 12.0 cents per share, 100% franked. The dividend will be paid on 20
                    March 2019. The dividend reinvestment plan will operate by acquiring shares on market for participants with no discount
                    applied.

               NOTE 3.8 NET TANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                                    31 December         30 June
                                                                                                                           2018           2018
                                                                                                                               $              $
               Net tangible assets per ordinary share                                                                       1.27           1.47

               Net tangible assets per ordinary share have been determined using the net assets on the balance sheet adjusted for non-
               controlling interests, intangible assets and goodwill.




               30 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               DIRECTORS' DECLARATION
               In the opinion of the Directors of Insurance Australia Group Limited:

                       the financial statements and notes 1 to 3.8 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 including:
                         giving a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2018 and of its performance, as
                             represented by the results of its operations and its cash flows, for the half year ended on that date; and




For personal use only
                         complying with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Regulations
                             2001; and
                       there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and
                        payable.

               Signed at Sydney this 6th day of February 2019 in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




               Peter Harmer
               Director




                                                                                                                                             31
               INDEPENDENT
               AUDITOR'S REVIEW REPORT
               TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               Conclusion
               We have reviewed the accompanying half year financial report                       The half year financial report comprises:




For personal use only
               of Insurance Australia Group Limited.                                                 Consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2018;
                                                                                                     Consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
               Based on our review, which is not an audit, we have not                                Consolidated statement of changes in equity, and
               become aware of any matter that makes us believe that the                              Consolidated cash flow statement for the half year ended
               half year financial report of Insurance Australia Group Limited                        on that date;
               is not in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:                       Notes 1 to 3.8 comprising a summary of significant
                   giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position                     accounting policies and other explanatory information;
                    as at 31 December 2018 and of its financial performance                           and
                    for the half year ended on that date; and
                                                                                                     Directors’ declaration.
                   complying with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 134
                    Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations                              The Group comprises Insurance Australia Group Limited (the
                    Regulations 2001.                                                             Company) and the entities it controlled at the half year's end
                                                                                                  or from time to time during the half year.
               Responsibilities of the Directors for the half year financial report
               The Directors are responsible for:
                  the preparation of the half year financial report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting
                   Standards and the Corporations Act 2001; and
                  for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the half year financial report that
                   is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

               Auditor’s responsibility for the review of the half year financial report
               Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the half year financial report based on our review. We conducted our review in
               accordance with Auditing Standard on Review Engagements ASRE 2410 Review of a Financial Report Performed by the
               Independent Auditor of the Entity, in order to state whether, on the basis of the procedures described, we have become aware of
               any matter that makes us believe that the half year financial report is not in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 including:
               giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2018 and its performance for the half year ended on
               that date; and complying with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations
               Regulations 2001. As auditor of Insurance Australia Group Limited, ASRE 2410 requires that we comply with the ethical
               requirements relevant to the audit of the annual financial report.

               A review of a half year financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting
               matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
               accordance with Australian Auditing Standards and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become
               aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

               In conducting our review, we have complied with the independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001.




               KPMG




               Andrew Yates                                                                         Ian Moyser
               Partner                                                                              Partner
               Sydney
               6 February 2019


               32 INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of         Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
               independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative (“KPMG
               International”), a Swiss entity.
