               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               PRELIMINARY FINAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019
               APPENDIX 4E (ASX Listing rule 4.3A)




For personal use only
               RESULTS FOR ANNOUNCEMENT TO THE MARKET

                                                                                                                          2019             2018
                                                                                    UP / DOWN         % CHANGE               $m               $m
               Revenue from ordinary activities                                            Up             7.6 %          17,658           16,411
               Net profit after tax from ordinary activities attributable to
               shareholders of the Parent from continuing operations                      Down             8.0 %             871             947
               Net profit/(loss) after tax from ordinary activities attributable
               to shareholders of the Parent from discontinued operations                    Up         954.2 %              205              (24)
               Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Parent                         Up          16.6 %            1,076             923


                                                                                                       AMOUNT                FRANKED AMOUNT
               DIVIDENDS – ORDINARY SHARES                                                        PER SECURITY                  PER SECURITY
               Final dividend                                                                        20.0 cents                        14.0 cents
               Interim dividend                                                                      12.0 cents                        12.0 cents
               Special dividend                                                                       5.5 cents                         5.5 cents



               FINAL DIVIDEND DATE
               Record date                                                                                                       20 August 2019
               Payment date                                                                                                  30 September 2019



               The Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) will operate by acquiring shares on-market with no discount applied. The last
               date for the receipt of an election notice for participation in the Company's DRP is 21 August 2019. The DRP Issue Price will be
               based on a volume-weighted average price for a 10-day trading window from 23 August 2019 to 5 September 2019 inclusive.

               Eligible shareholders may now lodge their DRP elections electronically by logging on to IAG's share registry, Computershare, on
               their website at www.computershare.com.au.




               Additional Appendix 4E disclosure requirements can be found in the Annual Report of Insurance Australia Group Limited for the
               year ended 30 June 2019 (Attachment A). This report is also to be read in conjunction with any public announcements made by
               Insurance Australia Group Limited during the reporting year in accordance with the continuous disclosure requirements of the
               Corporations Act 2001 and the ASX Listing Rules.
               The report is based on the consolidated financial statements which have been audited by KPMG.


               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               ABN 60 090 739 923                                                                                                                 1
               ATTACHMENT A
               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES
               ANNUAL REPORT 30 JUNE 2019




For personal use only



               INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               ABN 60 090 739 923                                   2
                        The numbers




For personal use only


                        Annual Report 2019
                        Insurance Australia Group Limited
                        ABN 60 090 739 923
                        Contents
                        Directors’ report                                  1
                        Remuneration report                               19
                        Lead auditor’s independence declaration           43
                        Consolidated financial statements contents        44
                                                                               About this report




For personal use only
                        Consolidated statement of comprehensive income    45
                                                                               The 2019 annual report of Insurance Australia Group Limited (IAG,
                        Consolidated balance sheet                        47
                                                                               or the Group) includes IAG’s full statutory accounts, along with the
                        Consolidated statement of changes in equity       48   Directors’ and remuneration reports for the financial year ended
                                                                               30 June 2019. This year’s corporate governance report is available
                        Consolidated cash flow statement                  49
                                                                               in the About Us area of our website (www.iag.com.au).
                        Notes to the financial statements                 50
                                                                               The financial statements are structured to provide prominence
                        Directors’ declaration                            98   to the disclosures that are considered most relevant to the user’s
                                                                               understanding of the operations, results and financial position
                        Independent auditor’s report                      99   of the Group.
                        Shareholder information                          104   IAG is a “dual listed issuer” that is listed on both the ASX and
                        Corporate directory                              107   the NZX Debt Market. As such, IAG is subject to some, but not all,
                                                                               of the NZX Main Board/Debt Market Listing Rules (“NZX Listing
                        Five-year financial summary                      108   Rules”). In particular, the rules set out in Appendix 17 to the
                                                                               NZX Listing Rules do not apply to IAG.
                                                                               All figures are in Australian dollars unless otherwise stated.

                                                                               2019 annual review and safer
                                                                               communities report
                                                                               This report should be read with the 2019 annual review and safer
                                                                               communities report, which provides a summary of IAG’s operating
                                                                               performance, including the Chairman’s, CEO’s and CFO’s reviews.
                                                                               Our annual review and safer communities report is also
                                                                               available from the home page of our website at www.iag.com.au.
                                                                               Detailed information about our safer communities plan and
                                                                               non-financial performance is available in the Safer
                                                                               Communities area of our website.
                                                                               If you would like to have a copy of the annual report or annual
                                                                               review mailed to you, contact IAG’s Share Registry using the
                                                                               contact details on page 107.


                                                                               2019 annual general meeting
                                                                               IAG’s 2019 annual general meeting will be held on Friday, 25
                                                                               October 2019, at the Wesley Conference Centre, 220 Pitt Street,
                                                                               Sydney, commencing at 9.30am. Details of the meeting, including
                                                                               information about how to vote, will be contained in our notice
                                                                               of meeting, which will be mailed to shareholders, and available
                                                                               online at www.iag.com.au, from Tuesday, 10 September 2019.
               DIRECTORS' REPORT
               The Directors present their report together with the consolidated financial report of Insurance Australia Group Limited and its
               subsidiaries for the financial year ended 30 June 2019 and the Auditor's Report.

               The following terminology is used throughout the financial report:
                   Company or Parent – Insurance Australia Group Limited; and
                   IAG or Group – the consolidated entity consists of Insurance Australia Group Limited and its subsidiaries.




For personal use only
               DIRECTORS OF INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               The names and details of the Company's Directors in office at any time during or since the end of the financial year are set out
               below. Directors were in office for the entire period unless otherwise stated.

               CHAIRMAN
               ELIZABETH B BRYAN AM
               BA (Econ), MA (Econ) – Chairman and Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Elizabeth Bryan was appointed a Director of IAG on 5 December 2014, and became Chairman on 31 March 2016. She is the
               Chairman of the Nomination Committee, and attends all Board committee meetings in an ex-officio capacity. Elizabeth is also the
               Chairman of Insurance Manufacturers of Australia Pty Limited.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               Elizabeth brings extensive leadership, strategic and financial expertise to the position of Chairman.

               She has over 30 years of experience in the financial services industry, government policy and administration, and on the boards of
               companies and statutory organisations.

               In addition to her role as Chairman of IAG, Elizabeth is also currently Chairman of Virgin Australia Group.

               Previous roles include Chairmanship of Caltex Australia Limited and UniSuper Limited.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   IAG Finance (New Zealand) Limited (a part of the Group), since 2016;
                   Virgin Australia Group, since 2015; and
                   Westpac Banking Corporation (2006-2016).

               MANAGING DIRECTOR
               PETER G HARMER
               Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Peter Harmer was appointed Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of IAG on 16 November 2015. He is a member of the
               Nomination Committee.

               Peter joined IAG in 2010 as Chief Executive Officer, CGU Insurance and has held a number of senior roles. Prior to his current role,
               he was Chief Executive of the IAG Labs division, responsible for driving digital and innovation across IAG and its brands, and
               creating incubator areas to explore innovative opportunities across the fintech landscape.

               Before this, Peter was Chief Executive of the Australian Commercial Insurance division.

               Peter was previously Chief Executive Officer of Aon Limited UK and a member of Aon’s Global Executive Board, and spent seven
               years as Chief Executive Officer of Aon’s Australian operations.

               He has 40 years of experience in the insurance industry, including senior roles in underwriting, reinsurance broking and
               commercial insurance broking as Managing Director of John C. Lloyd Reinsurance Brokers, Chairman and Chief Executive of Aon Re
               and Chairman of the London Market Reform Group.

               Peter has completed the Harvard Advanced Management Program.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   IAG Finance (New Zealand) Limited (a part of the Group), since 2015.




                                                                                                                                                  1
               OTHER DIRECTORS
               DUNCAN M BOYLE
               BA (Hons), FCII, FAICD – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Duncan Boyle was appointed a Director of IAG on 23 December 2016. He is Chairman of the Risk Committee and a member of the
               Audit Committee, People and Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee.

               Duncan is Chairman of TAL Dai-ichi Life and a former Non-Executive Director of QBE Insurance Group.

               Duncan’s executive career included senior roles with a variety of financial and corporate institutions, including Royal and Sun
               Alliance Insurance. He also held various board roles with the Association of British Insurers, Insurance Council of Australia, Global




For personal use only
               Aviation Underwriting Managers, AAMI and APIA.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               Duncan is a former Non-Executive Director of Stockland Group and Clayton Utz.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   None.

               HUGH A FLETCHER
               BSc/BCom, MCom (Hons), MBA – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Hugh Fletcher was appointed a Director of IAG on 1 September 2007 and Chairman of IAG New Zealand Limited on 1 September
               2003. He is a member of the Risk Committee, People and Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee.

               Hugh was formerly Chairman (and Independent Director since December 1998) of New Zealand Insurance Limited and CGNU
               Australia.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               Hugh was formerly Chief Executive Officer of Fletcher Challenge Limited, a New Zealand-headquartered corporation with assets in
               the global building, energy, forestry and paper industries. He retired from an executive position in December 1997 after 28 years
               as an executive, 11 of which he served as Chief Executive Officer.

               Hugh is a former Deputy Chairman of the Reserve Bank of New Zealand, former member of the Asia Pacific Advisory Committee of
               the New York Stock Exchange, and current or former non-executive director of several Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and
               New Zealand's Exchange (NZX) listed companies, with involvement as an executive and non-executive director across most major
               continents.

               Hugh is currently a Trustee of The University of Auckland Foundation (having earlier been Chancellor of the University) and a former
               Trustee of the New Zealand Portrait Gallery and the Dilworth Trust.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   IAG Finance (New Zealand) Limited (a part of the Group), since 2008;
                   Rubicon Limited, since 2001; and
                   Vector Limited (2001-2017).

               SHEILA C MCGREGOR
               BA (Hons), LLB, AICD Diploma – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Sheila McGregor was appointed a Director of IAG on 13 March 2018. She is a member of the Audit Committee and Nomination
               Committee.

               Sheila served on the boards of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia’s life and general insurance subsidiaries (The Colonial Mutual
               Life Assurance Society Limited and Commonwealth Insurance Limited) between 2005 and 2009.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               Sheila is a Partner at Gilbert + Tobin and until recently, a member of its Board and Partner Remuneration Committee and head of
               the firm’s national Technology + Digital Group. Previously, she was a Senior Partner at Herbert Smith Freehills (then Freehills).

               Most recently, Sheila has become a Non-Executive Director of the Sydney Writers' Festival. Sheila is also a Non-Executive Director
               of Crestone Holdings Limited, which provides wealth advice and portfolio management services and is Chairman of an independent
               girls' school in Sydney. Between 2009 and 2014, she was Chairman of the Royal Women’s Hospital Foundation, established
               principally to raise public funds for the Royal Hospital for Women in Sydney and was previously a Director on the Board of the
               Australian Indigenous Chamber of Commerce.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   Seven West Media Limited (2015–2017).




               2 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               JONATHAN (JON) B NICHOLSON
               BA – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Jon Nicholson was appointed a Director of IAG on 1 September 2015. He is Chairman of the People and Remuneration Committee
               and a member of the Risk Committee and Nomination Committee.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               Jon is Non-Executive Chairman of Westpac Foundation, a trustee of Westpac Bicentennial Foundation and a Non-Executive Director
               of Cape York Partnerships and QuintessenceLabs.

               He previously spent eight years with Westpac Banking Corporation, first as Chief Strategy Officer and later as Enterprise Executive.




For personal use only
               He retired from Westpac in 2014.

               Jon’s executive career included senior roles with a variety of financial and corporate institutions, including the Boston Consulting
               Group. He also held various roles with the Australian Government, including Senior Private Secretary to the Prime Minister of
               Australia (Bob Hawke) and senior positions in the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   None.

               HELEN M NUGENT AO
               BA (Hons), PhD, MBA, HonDBus, HonDUniv – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Helen Nugent was appointed a Director of IAG on 23 December 2016. She is a member of the Audit Committee, Nomination
               Committee and Risk Committee.

               Previously, Helen was Chairman of Swiss Re (Australia) and Swiss Re (Life and Health) Australia, and a Non-Executive Director of
               Mercantile Mutual.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               In the financial services sector, Helen was the Chairman of Veda Group and Funds SA (along with Swiss Re), as well as a Director of
               Macquarie Group for fifteen years and the State Bank of New South Wales. She also served on Westpac Banking Corporation’s
               executive team as Director of Strategy, and prior to that specialised in the financial services sector as a partner at McKinsey &
               Company.

               Her experience as a Non-Executive Director extends to the energy sector. Currently, she is Chairman of Ausgrid, and previously was
               a Director of Origin Energy. This built on work she undertook in the sector while at McKinsey.

               In the arts sector, Helen is the Chairman of the National Portrait Gallery, and previously was Chairman of the National Opera
               Review, the Major Performing Arts Inquiry, the Major Performing Arts Board of the Australia Council, as well as being Deputy
               Chairman of the Australia Council and Opera Australia.

               Helen has been Chancellor of Bond University and President of Cranbrook School, as well as having been a member of the Bradley
               Review into tertiary education.

               Helen is also currently Chairman of the National Disability Insurance Agency and a member of the Board of the Garvan Institute for
               Medical Research.

               Helen’s commitment to business and the community was recognised with her being made an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO),
               receiving a Centenary Medal, and being awarded Honorary Doctorates from the University of Queensland and Bond University.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   Origin Energy Limited (2003-2017).

               THOMAS (TOM) W POCKETT
               CA, BCom – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Tom Pockett was appointed a Director of IAG on 1 January 2015. He is Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Risk
               Committee and Nomination Committee.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               Tom is Chairman and Non-Executive Director of Stockland Group, Chairman and Non-Executive Director of Autosports Group
               Limited, and Deputy Chair and a Director of Sunnyfield Independence Association and a Director of O'Connell Street Associates. He
               previously spent over 11 years as Chief Financial Officer and over seven years as Finance Director with Woolworths Limited and
               retired from these roles in February 2014 and July 2014, respectively. Tom has also held senior finance roles at Commonwealth
               Bank, Lend Lease Corporation and Deloitte.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   Autosports Group Limited, since 2016; and
                   Stockland Group, since 2014.



                                                                                                                                                      3
               GEORGE SAVVIDES
               BEng (Hons), MBA, FAICD – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               George Savvides was appointed a Director of IAG on 12 June 2019 and is a member of the People and Remuneration Committee,
               Risk Committee and Nomination Committee.

               George has extensive executive experience, serving as Chief Executive Officer of Medibank (2002-2016), and Sigma Company (now
               Sigma Healthcare) (1996-2001).

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               George is a Non-executive Director of New Zealand-listed entity, Ryman Healthcare. He is also a Non-Executive Chairman of Next




For personal use only
               Science and Deputy Chairman of the Special Broadcasting Service Corporation (SBS).

               George is a former Non-Executive Director of Kings Transport and Non-Executive Chairman of Macquarie University Hospital. He
               served for 18 years on the Board of World Vision Australia, including six years as Chairman until his 2018 retirement.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   Ryman Healthcare Limited, since 2013; and
                   Next Science Limited, since 2018.

               MICHELLE TREDENICK
               BSc, FAICD, F Fin – Independent Non-Executive Director
               INSURANCE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
               Michelle Tredenick was appointed a Director of IAG on 13 March 2018 and is a member of the People and Remuneration
               Committee and Nomination Committee.

               Michelle has held a number of senior executive roles, in major Australian companies with insurance interests, including National
               Australia Bank, MLC and Suncorp. She was Chief Information Officer (CIO) for Suncorp, MLC and National Australia Bank, as well as
               Head of Strategy for MLC and Head of Strategy and Marketing for Suncorp. She was also CEO of MLC’s Corporate Superannuation
               business and Head of their New Zealand Insurance and Wealth Management businesses.

               OTHER BUSINESS AND MARKET EXPERIENCE
               Michelle is a Non-Executive Director of the Bank of Queensland (since 2011), where she chairs the Information Technology
               Committee. She is a Director of Cricket Australia (since 2015) and Urbis Pty Ltd (since 2016). Michelle is also a member of The
               Ethics Centre Board and a member of the Senate of The University of Queensland. She is a former Chairman of the IAG & NRMA
               Superannuation Plan (2012-2018).

               She was awarded Banking and Finance CIO of the Year in 1998 and again in 2006 and is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of
               Company Directors.

               Directorships of other listed companies held in the past three years:
                   Bank of Queensland Limited (since 2011).

               DIRECTORS WHO CEASED DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR
               Philip Twyman was a Director from 9 July 2008 to 26 October 2018.

               SECRETARY OF INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               REBECCA FARRELL
               LLB (Hons), BA
               Rebecca is currently the Acting Group General Counsel and Company Secretary. Rebecca joined IAG in July 2017 when she was
               appointed Deputy Group General Counsel and Company Secretary, being formally appointed as Company Secretary on 22 August
               2017.

               Rebecca is a senior legal and governance professional with over 20 years of experience advising boards and senior management,
               including in roles for Amcor (Zurich, Switzerland), Westpac Banking Corporation and the Future Fund. Rebecca started her career
               as a corporate and M&A lawyer at King & Wood Mallesons in Melbourne, before moving to New York where she worked with Fried
               Frank. On returning from New York, Rebecca joined the Head Office Advisory Team at Herbert Smith Freehills in Melbourne before
               moving to Sydney to assist in the set-up of that team in the Sydney market.

               SEJIL MISTRY
               BProc, LLM, FGIA, FCIS
               Sejil joined IAG in September 2002 and has held various roles within the organisation. Prior to joining IAG, Sejil was a Senior
               Solicitor at Sparke Helmore Lawyers. Sejil was appointed Deputy Company Secretary and Legal Counsel on 18 September 2015
               and is currently Deputy Group Company Secretary. Sejil has over 20 years’ experience in the insurance industry and has deep risk
               and governance experience. She is a Fellow of the Governance Institute of Australia.




               4 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               MEETINGS OF DIRECTORS
               The number of meetings each Director was eligible to attend and actually attended during the financial year, including those
               attended in an ex-officio capacity, is summarised below:

                                                                                   PEOPLE AND
                                                                  BOARD OF        REMUNERATION            AUDIT              RISK             BOARD SUB          NOMINATION
               DIRECTOR                                           DIRECTORS         COMMITTEE           COMMITTEE          COMMITTEE          COMMITTEE          COMMITTEE
               Total number of meetings held(1)                        9                  5                  5                   5                  2                  2
                                                               Eligible        Eligible        Eligible        Eligible        Eligible        Eligible
                                                                  to              to              to              to              to              to




For personal use only
                                                               attend Attended attend Attended attend Attended attend Attended attend Attended attend Attended
               Elizabeth Bryan(4)                                 9        9         -        5         -        5          -        5         2        2         2        2
               Peter Harmer(4)                                    9        9         -        4         -        5          -        5         2        2         2        2
               Duncan Boyle                                       9        9         5        5         5        5          5        5         -        -         2        2
               Hugh Fletcher(4)                                   9        8         5        5         -        5          5        5         2        2         2        2
               Sheila McGregor(4)                                 9        9         -        3         5        5          -        5         -        -         2        2
               Jon Nicholson(4)                                   9        9         5        5         -        3          5        5         -        -         2        2
               Helen Nugent(4)                                    9        9         -        2         5        5          5        5         -        -         2        2
               Tom Pockett(4)                                     9        9         -        1         5        5          5        5         -        -         2        2
               George Savvides(2),(4)                             1        1         -        -         -        1          -        1         -        -         -        -
               Michelle Tredenick(4)                              9        8         5        5         -        5          -        5         -        -         2        2
               Philip Twyman(3),(4)                               3        3         -        1         1        1          1        1         -        -         1        1
               (1)      There were no unscheduled meetings held during the financial year.
               (2)      George Savvides was appointed to the Board on 12 June 2019. He was appointed to the People and Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee and Risk
                        Committee on 20 June 2019.
               (3)      Philip Twyman was a member of the Board, Audit Committee, Risk Committee and Nomination Committee until 26 October 2018.
               (4)      Where not eligible to attend as a Committee member, the Director attended the meeting/s in an ex-officio capacity.


               PRINCIPAL ACTIVITY
               The principal continuing activity of IAG is the underwriting of general insurance and related corporate services and investing
               activities. IAG reports its financial information under the following segments:

               DIVISION           OVERVIEW                                                                      PRODUCTS
               Australia          This segment is a leading provider of general insurance products to both      Short-tail insurance
                                  individuals and businesses in Australia. The Australia division benefits from  Motor vehicle
               78% of Group gross its access to a variety of distribution channels and an array of well-           Home and contents
               written premium    established brands, as summarised below.
                                                                                                                   Lifestyle and leisure,
               (GWP)
                                                                                                                    such as boat, veteran
                                  The Australian division provides consumer insurance products through
                                                                                                                    and classic car and
                                  branches, call centres, the internet and representatives, under the following     caravan
                                  brands:
                                      NRMA Insurance in New South Wales, Australian Capital Territory,            Business packages
                                       Queensland and Tasmania;                                                    Farm and crop
                                      SGIO in Western Australia;                                                  Commercial property
                                      SGIC in South Australia;                                                    Construction and
                                      RACV in Victoria, via a distribution agreement with RACV;                    engineering
                                      Coles Insurance nationally, via a distribution agreement with Coles; and    Commercial motor and
                                                                                                                    fleet motor
                                      CGU Insurance nationally through affinity and financial institution
                                       partnerships and broker and agent channels.                                 Marine (through NTI)

                                            The division also includes travel insurance, life insurance and income        Long-tail insurance
                                            protection products which are underwritten by third parties.                     Compulsory Third Party
                                                                                                                              (motor injury liability)
                                            Business insurance products are sold through a network of around 2,000           Workers' compensation
                                            intermediaries, such as brokers, agents and financial institutions and           Professional indemnity
                                            directly through call centre and online channels, under the following brands:  Directors' and officers'
                                                CGU Insurance;
                                                                                                                             Public and products
                                                WFI;                                                                         liability
                                                NRMA Insurance;
                                                RACV;
                                                SGIO; and
                                                SGIC.




                                                                                                                                                                               5
               DIVISION         OVERVIEW                                                                             PRODUCTS
               New Zealand      The New Zealand business is the leading general insurance provider in the            Short-tail insurance
                                country in both the direct and broker/agent channels. Insurance products                Motor vehicle
               22% of Group GWP are provided directly to customers, primarily under the State and AMI                   Home and contents
                                brands, and indirectly through insurance brokers and agents, under the NZI
                                                                                                                        Commercial property,
                                and Lumley Insurance brands. General insurance products are also
                                                                                                                         motor and fleet motor
                                distributed through agents and under third party brands by corporate
                                partners, which include large financial institutions.                                   Construction and
                                                                                                                         engineering
                                                                                                                        Niche, such as pleasure




For personal use only
                                                                                                                         craft, boat, caravan and
                                                                                                                         travel
                                                                                                                        Rural and horticultural
                                                                                                                        Marine

                                                                                                                     Long-tail insurance
                                                                                                                        Personal liability
                                                                                                                        Commercial liability

               Corporate and other Corporate and other comprises other activities, including corporate services,
                                   capital management activity, shareholders' funds investment activities,
                                   inward reinsurance from associates, and investment in associates in
                                   Malaysia and India.



               OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
               OPERATING RESULT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR
               IAG’s reported insurance margin was 16.9%, close to the mid-point of the guidance range of 16-18% provided at the outset of the
               financial year. The reported insurance margin was lower than the prior year (2018: 18.3%), primarily reflecting an adverse net
               natural peril claims cost outcome, lower prior year reserve releases and an adverse credit spread movement. IAG’s underlying
               insurance margin improved to 16.6% compared to 14.1% in the prior year. This reflected favourable quota share effects of
               approximately 125 basis points (bps) and the realisation of net expense savings from IAG’s optimisation program, partly offset by
               increasing regulatory and compliance costs.

               Overall GWP growth of 3.1% compared to the prior year was largely rate-driven and included a favourable foreign exchange
               translation effect in New Zealand. After allowance for the foreign exchange effect, lower post-reform NSW Compulsory Third Party
               (CTP) pricing and ceased business activities, overall like-for-like GWP growth was close to 4%. The rate-driven increase reflected
               the response to short-tail claims inflation pressures, which were generally low-to-mid-single-digit in scale, and the ongoing effort to
               raise rates in commercial classes to restore returns to acceptable levels. Within personal lines, volume growth was achieved in
               short-tail motor and CTP, while home volumes were modestly lower. Lower commercial volumes reflected continued pricing
               remediation activity and certain business withdrawals, partially countered by growth in areas such as workers’ compensation and
               the NTI heavy haulage and marine joint venture.

               On 19 June 2018, IAG announced it had entered into sale agreements covering its consolidated operations in Thailand, Indonesia
               and Vietnam. The post-tax contribution from these operations has been aggregated in a single line item within the Statement of
               Comprehensive Income ('Profit/loss after income tax from discontinued operations'). The combined profit from discontinued
               operations (excluding non-controlling interests) was $205 million (2018: $24 million loss). The profit in the current year includes a
               gain of $208 million on the sale of Thailand, which was completed at the end of August 2018. It is IAG’s revised expectation that
               the agreed sales of the operations in Indonesia and Vietnam will complete in the first half of the 2020 financial year.

               IAG continues to explore options for its remaining investments in Asia. In June 2019, the Group confirmed discussions had been
               held with external parties regarding a potential sale of all or part of its 26% interest in SBI General Insurance Company (SBI
               General) in India. IAG is in advanced discussions with a number of bidders, which may result in one or more transactions being
               completed.

               In August 2018, IAG announced a $592 million capital management initiative of 25 cents per ordinary share which was completed
               on 26 November 2018 following shareholder approval. It comprised a capital return of 19.5 cents, a fully franked special dividend
               of 5.5 cents, and a share consolidation, equal and proportionate to the capital return, which reduced IAG’s ordinary shares on issue
               by approximately 2.4%. The capital management initiative acknowledged IAG’s surplus capital position to regulatory benchmarks,
               including cumulative quota share effects, as well as the sale of the Thailand business.




               6 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               Net profit after tax
               The Group's profit after tax for the year was $1,173 million (2018: $1,001 million). After adjusting for non-controlling interests in
               the Group result, net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Company was $1,076 million (2018: $923 million) and was
               16.6% higher than the prior year. This outcome included:
                   a 13% decrease in pre-tax insurance profit to $1,224 million, with adverse natural peril, reserve release and credit spread
                    movements collectively exceeding the improvement in underlying performance;
                   a $70 million increase in investment income on shareholders’ funds, following a strong rally in equity markets in the second
                    half of the year;
                   a significant contribution from discontinued operations, owing to the inclusion of a profit of $208 million on the sale of the
                    Thailand operations; and




For personal use only
                   a $36 million reduction in amortisation and impairment expense.

               Gross written premium
               Total GWP of $12,005 million (2018: $11,647 million) represented a 3.1% increase compared to the prior year. This encompassed:
                   $9,331 million in Australia, representing growth of 2.0%; and
                   $2,660 million in New Zealand, translating to reported growth of 7.0% and embracing a favourable foreign exchange
                    translation effect of approximately 180bps.

               Insurance margin
               IAG’s current year reported insurance profit of $1,224 million (2018: $1,407 million) was 13.0% lower than the prior year. The
               reported insurance margin decreased to 16.9% (2018: 18.3%). Contributing to this outcome were:
                   $627 million of net claim costs arising from natural peril events (which exceeded the year’s allowance by $19 million), after full
                    use of the $101 million of stop loss reinsurance protection in the second half of the year. This exceeded the prior year’s net
                    natural peril claim costs by $86 million, with the differing outcomes accounting for a reduction in the current year’s reported
                    margin of approximately 160bps;
                   lower net prior period reserve releases of $126 million (2018: $305 million) which represented 1.7% of net earned premium
                    (NEP), and broadly accorded with IAG’s guidance assumption of around 2%. Reserve releases in the prior year amounted to
                    4.0% of NEP; and
                   a $20 million unfavourable movement in credit spread impact, with an adverse effect of $6 million in the current year
                    contrasting with a favourable impact of $14 million in the prior year, partly offset by;
                   an improvement in the Group’s underlying insurance margin to 16.6% from 14.1% in the prior year.

               Underlying margin
               IAG defines its underlying margin as the reported insurance margin adjusted for:
                   net natural peril claim costs less related allowance for the period;
                   reserve releases in excess of 1% of NEP; and
                   credit spread movements.

                                                                                                                                            2019                           2018
               INSURANCE MARGIN                                                                                             $m                  %                   $m        %
               Reported insurance margin*                                                                                1,224               16.9                1,407      18.3
               Net natural peril claim costs (below)/in excess of allowance                                                  19               0.3                   (84)    (1.1)
               Reserve releases in excess of 1% of NEP                                                                      (54)             (0.7)                (228)     (3.0)
               Credit spread movements                                                                                        6               0.1                   (14)    (0.1)
               Underlying insurance margin                                                                               1,195               16.6                1,081      14.1
               *        Reported insurance margin is the insurance profit/(loss) as a percentage of NEP as disclosed in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.

               IAG’s underlying insurance margin for the current year included approximately 125bps of improvement, relative to the prior year,
               arising from the fact the 12.5% quota share agreements (that commenced on 1 January 2018) were in place for the full year.

               Short-tail personal lines’ profitability remained strong. Earned rate increases broadly matched higher average claim costs in both
               motor and home classes. Commercial lines’ profitability has continued to improve, on the back of rate and remediation activity.
               Commercial profitability in Australia has also been aided by a return to more normal large loss experience in property classes.

               Long-tail CTP profitability was lower than the prior year, reflecting a full year of capped profitability under the new scheme in NSW,
               which commenced towards the end of the first half of the prior year. This effect was most notable in the opening half of the year,
               when the comparative period’s profitability also reflected favourable effects from initial reform measures under the old scheme.

               All aspects of IAG’s insurance operations benefited from the outcomes of the Group-wide optimisation program, as related
               implementation costs have dissipated. A net reduction in gross operating costs of around $90 million was realised in the year,
               compared to the position at the end of the 2016 financial year which formed the basis of the program’s targets. This was broadly in
               line with target. Some offset has been incurred from increased regulatory and compliance costs. In the current year these costs
               had increased by approximately $30 million (pre-quota share) compared to the 2016 financial year baseline position, and by $20
               million against the prior year. Contributory factors were expenditure associated with the Royal Commission into Misconduct in the
               Banking, Superannuation and Financial Services Industry and the risk governance self-assessment requested by the Australian
               Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA).



                                                                                                                                                                                7
               Tax expense
               IAG reported a tax expense of $363 million (2018: $384 million), representing an effective tax rate of 27.3% (2018: 27.2%).

               Contributory elements reconciling the effective tax rate to the prevailing Australian corporate rate of 30% are:
                  differences in tax rates applicable to IAG’s foreign operations, principally in New Zealand, Singapore and Malaysia; and
                  franking credits generated from IAG’s investment portfolio.

               Investment income on shareholders’ funds
               Net investment income on shareholders’ funds was a profit of $227 million (2018: $165 million), following a strong rebound in
               performance in the second half of the year. The full year’s outcome embraced:
                    a strong performance from equity markets, with the negative performance seen during the first half of the year being more




For personal use only
               
                    than offset by a very strong level of performance during the second half;
                   a strong return from alternative investments;
                   slightly higher average assets than the prior year; and
                   an average asset mix similar to the prior year.

               DIVISIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
               A. AUSTRALIA
               Australia accounted for 78% of Group GWP and recorded a lower reported insurance margin of 14.9% (2018: 19.6%). This
               incorporated an adverse net natural peril claim cost outcome and significantly reduced reserve releases. Australia’s underlying
               performance improved, however, with an underlying margin of 15.5% being delivered (2018: 12.9%).

               I. Premiums
               Australia reported GWP of $9,331 million (2018: $9,144 million) in the current year, an increase of 2.0%. The overall Australian
               GWP outcome included:
                   largely rate-driven growth of 4.5% in short-tail motor, broadly in line with associated claims inflation;
                   home GWP growth of 2.2%, driven by rate with some offset from volume erosion;
                   average rate growth of approximately 6% across commercial lines, partially offset by lower volumes as the remediation focus
                    continued;
                   an approximately $70 million reduction in GWP from exiting smaller business areas, such as consumer credit, retail warranty
                    and fleet leasing; and
                   slightly lower CTP GWP, where reduced pricing post NSW scheme reform was countered by volume gains.

               II. Insurance profit
               Australia reported an insurance profit of $842 million, compared to $1,190 million in the prior year. This equates to a lower
               reported insurance margin of 14.9% (2018: 19.6%). The reduction includes the net effect of:
                    lower prior period reserve releases. These amounted to $115 million in the current year (or 2.0% of NEP), down from $344
                     million in the prior year (or 5.7% of NEP). This primarily reflected lower CTP-related reserve releases;
                    higher net natural peril claim costs. This year’s net natural peril costs of $612 million represented 10.8% of NEP. This
                     compares to the prior year where total perils-related costs of $439 million represented 7.2% of NEP;
                    an unfavourable movement in credit spread impact of $20 million; and
                    an improvement in Australia’s underlying margin to 15.5% from 12.9% in the prior year. This included an approximately
                     125bps uplift from a full year’s effect of the combined 12.5% quota shares which commenced on 1 January 2018.

               III. Underlying margin
               Australia’s underlying performance improved, with an underlying margin of 15.5% including a stronger second half outcome of
               16.2%. Aside from the increased quota share effect in the first half of the year, contributory factors to the full year improvement
               were:
                    an easing of pressure on motor profitability, as higher earned premium rates offset increased claim costs;
                    further flow-through of average rate increases across commercial portfolios;
                    lower large loss levels in the commercial property portfolio;
                    cost savings realised from the optimisation program; and
                    some offset from lower current year profitability in NSW CTP, notably in the first half of the year, owing to the capped
                     profitability of the new scheme.

               IV. Fee-based business
               Fee-based income in Australia comprises contributions from two main sources:
                   IAG’s role as agent under the Victorian workers’ compensation scheme, which is underwritten by the state government; and
                   investment in new businesses focusing on advanced technologies, data asset capabilities, innovation and mobility initiatives.

               IAG withdrew from the NSW workers’ compensation scheme as at 31 December 2017 after assessment of associated risks and
               returns. Some run-off expenses were incurred in the current year.




               8 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               Fee and other income was $111 million (2018: $164 million) with the reduction driven by loss of fee income associated with
               withdrawal from the NSW workers’ compensation scheme. Total net income from fee-based operations in the current year was a
               loss of $1 million, compared to a loss of $5 million in the prior year. This outcome reflected the combined effect of an improved
               performance from the Victorian workers’ compensation business, benefit of the absence of the unprofitable NSW workers’
               compensation business and initial costs associated with adjacency initiatives. The latter includes costs related to IAG’s partnership
               with the Carbar digital car-trading platform and the Safer Journeys crash detection and response service.

               B. NEW ZEALAND
               New Zealand accounted for 22% of Group GWP and recorded a significantly higher reported insurance margin of 24.7% (2018:
               13.8%). The reported margin benefited from a particularly benign natural perils environment and the non-recurrence of loss
               reserve strengthening that had been a feature of the prior year. The underlying insurance margin also improved to 19.5% (2018:




For personal use only
               17.6%).

               I. Premiums
               New Zealand’s current year GWP grew by 7.0% to $2,660 million, compared to prior year GWP of $2,486 million. This increase
               included a favourable foreign exchange translation effect, with local currency GWP increasing by 5.2%, to NZ$2,836 million (2018:
               NZ$2,696 million). This result was driven by the combination of:
                   sound GWP growth in Consumer, led by private motor, through increased rates and volume, and including higher rates in
                    home; and
                   solid GWP growth in Business, driven by rate increases across commercial and personal lines, partially offset by some volume
                    loss as the business adhered to its robust underwriting disciplines.

               II. Insurance profit
               The New Zealand business produced a 78.9% increase in insurance profit to $390 million (2018: $218 million). This equates to a
               reported insurance margin of 24.7% (2018: 13.8%), with the improvement reflecting the combination of:
                    a benign natural perils experience. Net natural peril costs were $15 million in the current year (or 0.9% of NEP) down from
                     $100 million (or 6.3% of NEP) in the prior year;
                    an absence of prior period reserve strengthening. The current year saw favourable prior year reserve development of $14
                     million (or +0.9% of NEP) in contrast to the prior year that recorded prior year reserve strengthening of $39 million (or -2.5% of
                     NEP); and
                    further improvement in the underlying insurance margin to 19.5% (2018: 17.6%). This reflects the combined impact of the
                     earn through of further premium rate increases coupled with an approximately 125bps uplift from a full year’s effect of the
                     combined 12.5% quota shares which commenced on 1 January 2018.

               Prior period reserve releases of $14 million included the favourable development of peril events that impacted New Zealand in the
               second half of the prior year. This was dissimilar to the prior year, which saw $39 million of reserve strengthening as a result of
               adverse development of prior year storm events and an allowance for potential claims under architect/engineer professional
               indemnity policies relating to residual risk from post-earthquake building damage and rebuild activity.

               III. Earthquake settlements
               Steady progress continues to be made with the settlement of claims associated with the financial year 2011 Canterbury
               earthquake events. At 30 June 2019, NZ$6.85 billion of claim settlements had been completed, and less than 1,100 claims
               remained open out of more than 90,000 received.

               During the current year there was no change to IAG’s gross reserved position on the three major earthquakes that occurred during
               financial year 2011. Considerable legacy reinsurance protection remains available for the September 2010 and June 2011 events,
               and approximately NZ$540 million of adverse development cover is still available to the Group in respect of the February 2011
               event.

               Outstanding Canterbury earthquake claims include those that are subject to dispute and litigation or involving high customer
               utilisation of independent expert advice, as well as recently-received over-cap claims from the Earthquake Commission (EQC). It
               remains IAG’s expectation that finalisation of all residual claims will take several years given associated complexity.

               The settlement of claims associated with the November 2016 Kaikoura earthquake is well-advanced. As at 30 June 2019, 98.7%
               of all claims by number had been fully settled.

               C. CORPORATE AND OTHER
               A pre-tax profit of $99 million was reported in this segment, which compares to a profit of $5 million in the prior year. The
               movement primarily reflects the increase in net investment income on shareholders’ funds of $62 million. Following the
               classification of IAG’s consolidated businesses in Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia as discontinued operations in the second half of
               the prior year, the Group no longer has a standalone Asia segment. Consequently, the residual interests in Malaysia and India
               which continue to be treated as associates have been reclassified to the Corporate and other segment. Further details on the
               operating segments are set out in Note 1.3 within the financial statements.

               I. Share of net profit/(loss) of associates
               The Group's share of associates was a profit of $42 million (2018: $31 million) including allocated regional costs. This result
               includes AmGeneral Holdings Berhad (AmGeneral) in Malaysia and SBI General in India. IAG continues to assess future options for
               these Asian assets.




                                                                                                                                                     9
               IAG’s share of AmGeneral's profit for the current year decreased to $38 million (2018: $40 million). The outcome included the
               combination of:
                   increased net earned premium from improved retention and higher rates;
                   lower bodily injury-related prior period reserve releases; and
                   higher administration expenses from one-off changes to service tax regulations.

               IAG’s share of SBI General's profit for the current year increased to $27 million (2018: $10 million). This higher outcome reflected
               the combination of:
                   a favourable effect from exchange commission recognition in the long-term home portfolio;
                   higher investment income; and




For personal use only
                   a lower impact from catastrophe-related claims.

               REVIEW OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
               A. FINANCIAL POSITION
               The total assets of the Group as at 30 June 2019 were $29,286 million compared to $29,766 million as at 30 June 2018.
               Movements within the overall net decrease in assets of $480 million include:
                   a decrease in investments of $323 million associated with the payments of the 2018 final dividend, 2019 interim dividend,
                    $592 million capital management initiative and net settlements of the whole-of-account quota share arrangements. This has
                    been partially offset by $506 million of net consideration received from the sale of IAG’s operations in Thailand, operating
                    earnings for the year and net proceeds on the issuance and settlement of subordinated debts;
                   a $594 million decrease in assets held for sale, predominantly related to the sale of the Thailand operations, which was
                    completed at the end of August 2018;
                   a $357 million increase in reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims, predominantly relating to the continued
                    run-on of the whole-of-account quota share arrangements and increased recoveries relating to natural peril events which
                    occurred during the year; and
                   a $85 million increase in trade and other receivables, predominantly relating to increases in premiums receivable reflecting
                    growth in gross written premium across Australia and New Zealand.

               The total liabilities of the Group as at 30 June 2019 were $22,576 million compared to $22,825 million as at 30 June 2018.
               Movements within the overall net decrease in liabilities of $249 million include:
                   a $417 million decrease in liabilities held for sale predominantly related to the completion of the sale of IAG’s interest in the
                    operations in Thailand;
                   a $114 million decrease in outstanding claims liabilities primarily due to settlements for prior year large losses and natural
                    peril claims, including the Canterbury and Kaikoura earthquakes, exceeding reserves for current year natural peril claims;
                    offset by
                   a $117 million increase in the unearned premium liability which is predominantly driven by the increase in the gross written
                    premium across Australia and New Zealand; and
                   a $120 million increase in interest-bearing liabilities reflecting the net impact of $450 million issuance of AUD subordinated
                    convertible term notes, translation impact of NZD subordinated convertible term notes and redemption of $350 million AUD
                    subordinated convertible term notes.

               IAG shareholders’ equity (excluding non-controlling interests) decreased from $6,669 million as at 30 June 2018 to $6,404 million
               as at 30 June 2019, reflecting the combined impact of:
                   current year net profit attributable to shareholders of $1,076 million, including a $208 million gain from the divestment of the
                    Thailand operations; and
                   payments totalling $1,345 million in respect of 2018 final dividend, capital return including transaction costs, special dividend
                    and 2019 interim dividend.

               B. CASH FROM OPERATIONS
               The net cash inflows from operating activities for the year ended 30 June 2019 were $589 million compared to net cash outflows of
               $53 million for the prior year. The movement is mainly attributable to the net effect of:
                  a reduction in net cash outflows from other operating items of $418 million, predominantly relating to increased reinsurance
                   commissions received in respect of the combined 12.5% quota share agreements, which were only in place for part of the prior
                   year and decreased expense payments associated with divested entities and the Group optimisation program;
                  an increase in reinsurance and other recoveries received of $247 million, again reflecting a full year’s impact of recoveries
                   made under the combined 12.5% quota share agreements partially offset by reduced recoveries from catastrophe events from
                   prior years; and
                  a decrease in claims costs paid of $336 million, predominantly pertaining to lower payments on Canterbury and Kaikoura
                   earthquakes, lower payments relating to operations in Thailand following the sale of the business, partially offset by higher
                   payments in the current year relating to large losses in Australia; partially offset by
                  an increase in outwards reinsurance premium payments of $601 million, predominantly related to a full year of payments
                   made on the combined 12.5% quota share agreements, partially offset by reductions in payments on the catastrophe
                   reinsurance covers due to the timing of payments on the final instalment for the 2018 cover.




               10 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               C. INVESTMENTS
               The Group’s investments totalled $10,684 million as at 30 June 2019, excluding investments held in joint ventures and associates,
               with over 55% represented by the technical reserves portfolio. The decrease in total investments since 30 June 2018 ($11,007
               million) reflects the combined effect of:
                   a quota share-influenced $406 million reduction in technical reserves, and
                   an $83 million increase in shareholders’ funds, reflecting the net effect of:
                      receipt of $506 million net sale proceeds from the divestment of the Thailand operations at the end of August 2018;
                      net proceeds of around $100 million from a subordinated convertible term note redemption ($350 million) and the issue of
                         a new Tier 2 instrument ($450 million);
                      payment of $473 million 2018 final dividend and $277 million 2019 interim dividend;




For personal use only
                      the $592 million capital management initiative completed in November 2018; and
                      operating earnings during the period.

               IAG’s overall investment allocation is conservatively positioned, with over 81% of total investments in fixed interest and cash as at
               30 June 2019. Technical reserves were 100% invested in fixed interest and cash, while the equivalent figure for shareholders’
               funds was 58%. IAG’s allocation to growth assets was 42% of shareholders’ funds at 30 June 2019, compared to 43% at 30 June
               2018.

               D. INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES
               IAG’s interest-bearing liabilities stood at $2,080 million at 30 June 2019, compared to $1,960 million at 30 June 2018. The net
               movement in the period reflects:
                   redemption of $350 million of subordinated convertible term notes on their first issuer call date of 19 March 2019; and
                   the issue of $450 million of Tier 2 subordinated convertible term notes on 28 March 2019.

               E. CAPITAL MIX
               IAG measures its capital mix on a net tangible equity basis, i.e. after deduction of goodwill and intangibles, giving it strong
               alignment with regulatory and rating agency models. IAG targets the following ranges:
                   ordinary equity (net of goodwill and intangibles) 60-70%; and
                   debt and hybrids 30-40%.

               At 30 June 2019, debt and hybrids represented 36.5% of total tangible capitalisation, within IAG’s targeted range. This ratio has
               decreased since the first half of the year (38.4%), with the net movement reflecting:
                   redemption of $350 million of subordinated convertible term notes on their first issuer call date of 19 March 2019;
                   the issue of $450 million of Tier 2 subordinated convertible term notes on 28 March 2019; and
                   increased shareholder equity in the second half of the year, as retained earnings exceeded dividend payments.

               The $550 million Reset Exchangeable Securities (RES) instrument has a reset date in December 2019, after which it ceases to be
               eligible for regulatory capital purposes. IAG's present intention is to redeem RES at the reset date, using the funds from the $450
               million subordinated convertible term note issue in March 2019.

               F. CAPITAL POSITION
               IAG remains strongly capitalised under the APRA Prudential Standards, with regulatory capital of $4,981 million at 30 June 2019
               (2018: $5,018 million). IAG has set the following related targeted benchmarks:
                   a total capital position equivalent to 1.4 to 1.6 times the Prescribed Capital Amount (PCA), compared to a regulatory
                    requirement of 1.0 times; and
                   a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) target range of 0.9 to 1.1 times the PCA, compared to a regulatory requirement of 0.6 times.

               At 30 June 2019, IAG had a PCA multiple of 2.12 (2018: 2.03) and a CET1 multiple of 1.31 (2018: 1.26).

               Further capital management details are set out in Note 3.1 within the financial statements.

               STRATEGY AND RISK MANAGEMENT
               A. STRATEGY
               MAKING CUSTOMERS FEEL SAFER ON THE ROAD, IN THEIR HOMES AND AT WORK
               IAG’s purpose means that whether you are a customer, partner, employee, shareholder or part of the communities IAG serves, IAG
               exists to ‘make your world a safer place’. IAG believes its purpose will enable it to become a more sustainable business over the
               long term, and deliver stronger and more consistent returns for its shareholders.

               IAG is focused on building a lean, efficient and modular insurance operation, through its simplification priority, while creating a
               customer-focused organisation with enhanced capabilities in data, digital, analytics and artificial intelligence, brand and innovation,
               and driving towards the creation of an agile organisation.

               With simplification well-progressed, IAG is now increasing its focus on customer engagement and long-term growth. This includes
               extending its strategic partnerships to offer products and services that are adjacent to its insurance business, enabling IAG to make
               its customers and the community feel safer on the road, in their homes and at work. IAG is also leveraging its assets – including its
               data, customer reach and brands – to launch and scale new businesses in markets that complement these adjacent products and
               services.



                                                                                                                                                  11
               The goals of IAG’s strategy are centred around building deeper engagement with its customers and growing the number of
               customers in the IAG network of brands. IAG seeks to create more value for its customers by making their world a safer place and
               to increase the lifetime value of its customer relationships.

               Strategic targets
               IAG is focused on delivering through-the-cycle financial targets of:
                   cash return on equity (ROE) 1.5 times weighted average cost of capital (WACC);
                   a dividend payout of 60-80% of full year cash earnings; and
                   a top quartile total shareholder return (TSR).
               These financial targets are complemented by short-term balanced scorecard objectives for the enterprise, including financial




For personal use only
               performance (including underlying profit, GWP growth, operating costs), customer advocacy and growth, people engagement and
               leadership effectiveness, and IAG’s risk maturity performance.

               Strategic priorities
               IAG continues with its three key strategic priorities, supported by organisational capabilities, to deliver its strategy:
               I. Customer – world-leading customer experiences:
                   Create a delivery platform that transforms customer experiences;
                   Better connect customers and automate processes, enabling IAG to reach more customers in a timely manner;
                   Develop an innovation approach which provides the ability to think differently and deliver quickly;
                   Embed cognitive capabilities and artificial intelligence that anticipate customers’ needs; and
                   Use data to power decision-making, allowing IAG to better understand its customers.

               II. Simplification – simplified, modular and lower cost operating model:
                    Reduce organisational complexity by consolidating technology platforms, harmonising products, simplifying processes and
                     systems, and executing the technology strategy;
                    Leverage operational partners to optimise the operating model and drive scale economies across the value chain; and
                    Improve allocation and maximise utilisation of the preferred repairer network to reduce average claim size.

               III. Agility – an agile organisation distinguished by innovation, speed and execution skills:
                    Create a disciplined approach to IAG’s management and leadership, including building stronger role clarity and introducing
                     agile ways of working;
                    Build a talent pipeline based on the skills required to deliver IAG's strategy and help IAG people transition to the future of work;
                     and
                    Be recognised as a purpose-led organisation that shapes its internal and external environment.

               B. BUSINESS RISK AND RISK MANAGEMENT
               IAG acknowledges that it has to take risk in an informed manner in pursuit of its strategic objectives and to meet customer,
               stakeholder, industry and regulatory expectations. IAG clearly articulates the levels, boundaries and nature of risk it is willing to
               accept, actively manage or avoid in pursuit of the Group’s strategic objectives.

               IAG uses an enterprise-wide approach to risk management and its risk management framework is a core part of the governance
               structure, which includes internal policies, key management processes and culture. The Group risk management strategy (RMS)
               details the IAG principles, risk appetite, policies, key controls, monitoring and governance processes for managing material risks.
               The RMS is reviewed annually, or as required by the Risk Committee, before being recommended for approval by the Board. IAG’s
               Group Risk function provides regular reports to the Risk Committee on the operation of, and any changes to, IAG’s risk
               management framework, the status of material risks, risk and compliance incidents, risk trends and IAG's risk profile. IAG’s
               Internal Audit function provides reports to the Audit Committee on significant audit findings and other audit-related matters.

               Roles and responsibilities of the Board and its standing committees, the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, the People and
               Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee, are set out in the Corporate Governance section of the IAG website.

               IAG is exposed to multiple risks relating to its general insurance business. The risks noted below are not meant to represent an
               exhaustive list, but outline the material risks faced by the Group as identified in the RMS:
                   strategic risk – the risk that internal or external factors compromise our ability to execute our strategic objectives or our
                    strategy;
                   insurance risk – arises from inadequate or inappropriate underwriting, unforeseen, unknown or unintended liabilities that may
                    eventuate, inadequate or inappropriate claims management including reserving, and insurance concentration risk (i.e. by
                    locality, segment factor, or distribution);
                   reinsurance risk – the risk of loss as a result of lack of capacity in the reinsurance market, insufficient or inappropriate
                    reinsurance coverage, inadequate or inappropriate reinsurance recovery management, reinsurance arrangements not legally
                    binding, and reinsurance concentration;
                   financial risk – the risk of loss as a result of inadequate liquidity to meet liabilities as they fall due, adverse movements in
                    market prices (foreign exchange, equities, derivatives, interest rates, etc) or inappropriate concentration within the investment
                    funds, a counterparty failing to meet its obligations (credit risk), inadequate liquidity or inappropriate capital management;
                   operational risk – the risk of loss resulting from the actions or behaviours of people, inadequate or failed internal processes or
                    systems or from external events; and
                   regulatory risk and compliance – the risk of legal, regulatory or reputational impacts arising from failure to manage compliance
                    obligations, or failure to anticipate and prepare for changes in the regulatory environment.



               12 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               A disciplined approach to risk management has been adopted and IAG believes this approach provides the greatest long-term
               likelihood of being able to meet the objectives of all stakeholders.

               Detail of IAG's overall risk management framework, which is outlined in the RMS, is set out in Note 3.1 within the financial
               statements and in the Corporate Governance Statement, which is available at www.iag.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.

               C. ECONOMIC, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL SUSTAINABILITY RISK
               Economic, environmental and social sustainability risks are identified and managed as part of IAG’s enterprise-wide risk
               management framework and are overseen by the Board. Through risk profiling and ongoing trend analysis, information on these
               risks is collected and reported to the Group Leadership Team (GLT) and Board and used to update IAG's strategy at appropriate
               intervals. This is supported by IAG's annual materiality process and engagement with IAG's Safer Communities Steering Committee




For personal use only
               to identify and develop mitigation approaches to these risks.

               IAG’s exposure to economic, environmental and social sustainability risks and opportunities is managed by relevant parts of the
               business and supported by IAG's Safer Communities team, a team of shared value and sustainability subject matter experts.
               Sustainability performance is formally reported to the Board annually, with ad hoc updates as required.

               The Consumer Advisory Board and Ethics Committee include external stakeholders, such as consumer groups, and provide an
               important external input into the understanding and management of economic, environmental and social sustainability risk. The
               Safer Communities Steering Committee is an internal governance body that supports the Group Executive People, Performance and
               Reputation to shape the Company response to risks through its approach to shared value, sustainability and broader community
               activity. The Safer Communities Steering Committee fulfils the role of a sustainability committee for IAG. It meets at least
               quarterly, is chaired by the Group Executive, People, Performance and Reputation, and is comprised of senior leaders from across
               the business, including the Group Executive, Strategy and Corporate Development and Chief Customer Officer.

               Each year a materiality assessment is undertaken to help guide IAG's shared value and sustainability approach and ensure its
               reporting addresses risks and opportunities with the greatest importance to IAG's stakeholders and business. An extensive
               assessment and stakeholder engagement process supports the Safer Communities Steering Committee to play an active role in the
               finalisation of the material issues, which are signed off by the Group Executive, People, Performance and Reputation.

               IAG has a safer communities framework that guides decision making and ensures value is being created for both the community
               and IAG. This framework defines focus areas that support IAG's commitment to help make communities Safer, Stronger and More
               Confident. IAG's sustainability performance is managed within this framework and supported by a number of policies and position
               statements including IAG’s Social and Environmental Policy and Public Policy Position on Climate Change.

               IAG is a signatory to several voluntary principles-based frameworks which guide the integration of environmental, social and
               governance considerations into its business practices. These include the United Nations Environment Programme - Finance
               Initiative (UNEP FI) Principles for Sustainable Insurance and the Principles for Responsible Investment. IAG is a signatory to the
               Geneva Association's Climate Risk Statement and a founding member of the Australian Sustainable Finance Initiative, which is a
               cross industry collaboration established to enable the financial services sector to contribute more systematically to the transition to
               a more resilient and sustainable economy, consistent with global goals such as the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
               and the Paris Agreement on climate change.

               Climate change has been identified as a key enterprise risk and work has been done on implementation and monitoring of
               business controls and their effectiveness (see Climate Risk section for more details).

               IAG is committed to protecting human rights, and this commitment is clearly outlined in the IAG Code of Ethics & Conduct. IAG
               respects and supports the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights and is committed it to the ongoing integration of
               human rights considerations into its systems, processes and operations.

               IAG addresses Human Rights and Modern Slavery legislative requirements across its business, including in IAG’s procurement,
               asset management and human resources business units. IAG’s Procurement Policy and Supplier Code of Conduct address Human
               Rights and Modern Slavery, support practical management of these important issues across IAG’s business and will be made public
               in the 2020 financial year.

               Details of IAG’s material issues, how IAG manages related risks and opportunities and details of other shared value and
               sustainability activities can be found in the 2019 Annual Review and Safer Communities Report, which is available at
               www.iag.com.au/safer-communities/esg-commitments-and-performance. IAG’s management of economic, environmental and
               social sustainability risk is outlined in detail in Principle 7.4 of the Corporate Governance Statement, which is available at
               www.iag.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.

               D. CLIMATE RISK
               Climate change is one of the world’s most pressing issues. Consistent with the scientific reports of the Intergovernmental Panel on
               Climate Change, global temperatures have the potential to increase between 1.5 and 3.0 degrees Celsius (°C) by 2050. In 2002
               IAG launched “The Impact of Climate Change on Insurance against Catastrophes”, an Australian first report, and since then, in line
               with its purpose to 'make your world a safer place', IAG has led initiatives aimed at addressing the opportunities and risks
               associated with climate change and taken practical steps to minimise its own environmental impact.




                                                                                                                                                  13
               IAG has been making climate-related disclosures for many years and commenced disclosure aligned with the Taskforce on Climate-
               related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations in the 2018 financial year. This climate-related disclosure addresses how
               IAG is managing climate risk, and opportunities, through its governance, strategy and risk management processes.

               Through its work with the UNEP FI, and a range of cross-sector stakeholders, IAG is contributing to the development of sustainable
               finance roadmaps for Australia and New Zealand. This work will lead to the creation of sustainable finance solutions that support
               progress against the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and achieving the Paris Agreement to limit climate change to
               below 2.0°C. IAG has contributed to the UNEP FI Principles for Sustainable Insurance TCFD pilot and will continue to participate
               with other global insurers in the 2020 financial year. This will enable industry benchmarking and inform IAG’s ongoing approach to
               risk assessments, scenario analysis and climate-related disclosure.




For personal use only
               Additional non-financial disclosures can be found in the 2019 IAG Investor Report and in the Safer Communities section of the IAG
               website (www.iag.com.au).

               Governance
               The Board Charter of IAG articulates that the Board has responsibilities to:
                  review and monitor implementation of IAG’s shared value and sustainability strategy, including climate change;
                  monitor the performance of shared value initiatives to create safer, stronger and more confident communities, as well as
                   sustainability aspects under the areas of customer, workforce, community and the environment; and
                  review external reporting on shared value and sustainability strategies and initiatives, specifically within the IAG Annual
                   Review.

               Board Committees of IAG include:
                  the Risk Committee, where climate change is considered as part of IAG’s enterprise risk profile;
                  the Audit Committee, with consideration of climate-related disclosures; and
                  the People and Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee, with consideration of the safer communities
                   approach and activity, including climate change.

               Committee responsibilities are set out in Committee Charters, that are available in the About Us section of IAG’s website
               (www.iag.com.au).

               IAG’s sustainability performance is managed within a safer communities framework and is supported by a number of policies and
               position statements including IAG’s Social and Environmental Policy, Public Policy Position on Climate Change and Climate Action
               Plan. Progress against IAG’s Climate Action Plan is reported to the IAG Board annually.

               IAG’s Chief Executive Officer has management accountability for the implementation, performance and external disclosure of IAG’s
               safer communities’ activities, which includes climate change and the Climate Action Plan. The Group Executive, People,
               Performance and Reputation has accountability for oversight of climate change activity and the Climate Action Plan, with
               accountability for execution against the various elements owned by relevant GLT members. Progress against IAG’s Climate Action
               Plan is reported to the GLT at least every six months.

               The IAG Climate Risk & Opportunity Steering Committee comprises five GLT members and senior leaders from across the business.
               It provides guidance on the strategic direction, risk management, ongoing implementation and development of business
               opportunities relating to IAG’s position on climate change.

               IAG’s Social and Environmental Policy provides a framework for identifying and managing IAG’s direct and indirect social and
               environmental impacts, outlines IAG’s commitments to action, and defines IAG’s approach to continuous improvement in its social
               and environmental performance, including climate change.

               IAG's Public Policy Position on Climate Change outlines our commitment to the Paris Agreement and to continuing to work
               constructively with government, industry, non-profit groups and local communities to limit carbon emissions, increase resilience to,
               and address the risks posed by, the changing climate and to continue to incorporate climate considerations into IAG’s Investment
               Policy and approach.

               IAG’s Climate Action Plan is a three-year plan that sets out our commitment and framework to address the effects of climate
               change. IAG publicly discloses its progress against the Climate Action Plan every six months, ensuring transparency around, and
               accountability for, its commitments. Visit the Safer Communities section of IAG's website (www.iag.com.au) to read the latest
               Climate Action Plan Scorecard update.

               Strategy
               IAG enterprise strategy
               As noted above, IAG has identified three key strategic priorities, supported by organisational capabilities, to deliver its strategy:
               customer (world-leading customer experiences); simplification (simplified, modular and lower cost operating model); and agility (an
               agile organisation distinguished by innovation, speed and execution skills). Climate change is a key consideration in IAG’s strategy-
               setting process. While resilient to short-term risks through the use of mechanisms such as risk selection, risk-based pricing and
               reinsurance, IAG recognises longer term considerations such as the potential for a sustained increase in the frequency and severity
               of natural peril events. IAG continues to investigate product and service opportunities that support adaptation and emission
               reductions.




               14 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               IAG’s strategic commitments are outlined in its Climate Action Plan, which has five key areas of focus:
                   think big – ensuring IAG leads on the right issues and builds the right relationships to achieve its ambitions;
                   prepare our people – to apply the depth of experience of people from across IAG’s business;
                   reduce our emissions – to practice what IAG preaches;
                   invest responsibly – to ensure our investment activity aligns to IAG’s purpose; and
                   rethink risk – to ensure IAG’s products, systems and partnerships help customers, business and communities to make a
                    smooth transition to what the future brings.

               Contributing to improvements in the broader systems that enable climate change management
               IAG demonstrates leadership in disaster risk reduction and climate change through its role as a founding member of the Australian




For personal use only
               Business Roundtable for Disaster Resilience and Safer Communities, working collaboratively with governments to effect change in
               public policy, increase investment aimed at building safer and more resilient communities and working to improve the capacity of
               people and businesses to better withstand future natural disasters. IAG has also been invited by the Federal Governments in
               Australia and New Zealand to play a role in climate change management, including active engagement and contribution to the
               National Resilience Taskforce in Australia. In New Zealand, IAG is working through the Climate Leaders Coalition to ensure
               businesses are actively adapting and building resilience to climate impacts. IAG also works in collaboration with its partners to
               support communities and help build their resilience. This includes working with the Australian and New Zealand Red Cross and the
               State Emergency Service in New South Wales and Queensland.

               Using research and modelling to support a strategic response
               IAG manages climate change risk and the related impact on its strategy and businesses through the development and utilisation of
               models which map the possible outcomes of natural peril events. The impacts of climate change to IAG’s strategy are managed
               through IAG’s established risk management frameworks (see Business Risk and Risk Management section for additional
               information). The models inform IAG’s risk-based pricing and reinsurance requirements, with the ability to make regular
               adjustments ensuring IAG’s business remains resilient in the short term.

               In the 2018 financial year, IAG collaborated with the United States National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) in a research
               project to determine the most up to date science to inform catastrophe modelling for three potential global temperature scenarios
               (+1.5°C, +2.0°C and +3.0°C). This research was developed to better understand the climate-related risks and opportunities to
               IAG, particularly over the medium and long term. Although the research project draws on the most up-to-date science and expert
               opinion, there remains considerable uncertainty in the modelling due to gaps in climate science as well as limitations in the
               financial tools that are used for climate scenario modelling. Nevertheless, a key finding from this work was that natural peril events
               are likely to occur in an increasingly non-uniform way across Australia in the future, which may lead to disproportionate impacts for
               some communities.

               IAG’s future climate temperature modelling will inform management of these impacts in the medium-to-long term. The application
               of these scenarios to IAG’s natural peril models has enabled an assessment of the potential impacts on premiums over time. The
               frequency and severity of perils is projected to increase and, exacerbated by urbanisation and population concentration, this may
               drive increasing claims to property, motor and business policies. The modelling indicates a likely increase to premiums due to
               rising natural perils costs. There may be some offsetting reduction in the total market premium if climate change impacts start to
               render existing housing stock uninsurable, for example.

               A temperature increase above 2.0°C has the potential to result in significant access and affordability issues. The increasing
               frequency and/or severity of weather events, coupled with compounding effects of perils (as described above) may push some
               areas beyond affordability or indeed habitability. There may also be an increase in under-insurance and self-insurance. The
               severity of any future access and affordability risks will also be impacted by government and industry approaches to land planning
               and building codes. IAG is committed to continue to partner with other businesses, community and governments to play a
               meaningful role in addressing the implementation of these broader mitigation measures.

               Reducing carbon intensity through our underwriting practices
               IAG has a focus on managing climate risk and opportunities through its underwriting approach. To demonstrate this, IAG is
               committed to ceasing underwriting entities predominantly in the business of extracting fossil fuels, and power generation using
               fossil fuels, by 2023. In alignment with its purpose, IAG has committed to continue to provide workers' compensation coverage to
               employees in these sectors because everyone needs to be protected at work.

               Carbon considerations in investments
               IAG invests responsibly, integrating Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) criteria across its equity portfolio to help
               proactively support the transition to a low-carbon economy. IAG utilises a third-party controversy screening module to review its
               investment exposure and inform any divestment decisions.

               Using scenario analysis to inform strategy and business planning
               In order to better understand the most significant potential impacts of climate change on IAG’s business, a series of cross-
               functional workshops were recently held involving IAG leaders and external stakeholders. The workshops were designed to
               determine the most significant political, economic, social, technological, environmental and legal factors impacted by a +2.0°C
               temperature increase by 2030, while also considering physical, transition and liability risk. Trust in governments and institutions,
               regulatory intervention and the impacts of inequality were found to be the most impactful factors to the IAG strategy. As a result,
               four “plausible scenarios” were developed. These scenarios will form an input into product development and pricing strategies in
               the short-term and be applied to assess the resilience of IAG’s strategy over the medium and long term. These scenarios will be
               used in strategy and business planning across the 2020 financial year.



                                                                                                                                                   15
               Risk management
               Integration with enterprise-wide risk management processes
               The enterprise risk profile (ERP) is IAG’s framework to identify risks inherent in IAG’s strategy, which may inhibit meeting or
               achieving its strategic objectives. IAG manages risks through its ERP process, with the potential impacts of climate change being
               identified as posing a high level of inherent risks.

               IAG manages its inherently high risks through cause and effect analysis, known as bow-tie analysis, which seeks to identify key
               causes and consequences attached to risks, their interdependencies, and related controls and mitigating strategies. The bow-tie
               analysis is embedded within IAG’s Risk Response Plan which is integrated with IAG’s Risk Management System, Risk Appetite
               Statement and Risk Management Strategy. These risk management tools help inform the implementation of IAG’s strategy and
               safer communities activities.




For personal use only
               Assessing the physical, transitional and liability risks of climate change
               IAG considers climate change across physical, transition and liability risk. Physical risk refers to the tangible impacts of climate
               change and will typically include the increased frequency and cost of claims. Transition risk is the risk associated with the
               transition to a low-carbon economy. Liability risk refers to the litigation or legal risk resulting from both physical impacts of climate
               change and the transition to a low carbon economy.

               The risks and opportunities associated with climate change transition could vary depending on the future decarbonisation pathway
               that Australia, New Zealand and the world follow. IAG will focus on implications for the business to 2030 and 2050 utilising
               scenarios consistent with limiting long-term global warming levels in alignment with the Paris Agreement. These scenario
               approaches align with our ongoing physical climate risk analysis, allowing a more comprehensive view of the risks and potential
               opportunities IAG may face from climate change. IAG is using a +1.5°C “stretch” scenario for Australia, and “balanced/central”
               and “delayed action/shock” scenarios aligned to a +2.0°C temperature increase for Australia and New Zealand. This is to further
               understand how economies could change in response to different long-term climate objectives, including behavioural and lifestyle
               changes. The “balanced/central” scenario is illustrative of the implications of pursuing a managed policy response to climate
               change versus a “delayed action/shock” scenario, which assumes climate-driven policy changes are implemented abruptly.

               Metrics
               For an overview of IAG's climate risk related targets and key metrics, please refer to the additional disclosures provided in the Safer
               Communities section of the IAG website (https://www.iag.com.au).

               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
               IAG believes good governance is essential to delivering its purpose and strategy, including delivering world-leading customer
               experiences. At IAG, good governance is the culmination of a number of elements, including ethics, culture, leadership (including
               Board and senior management), and policies and procedures (including remuneration and risk management frameworks).

               Aiming for the highest standards across all elements of corporate governance enables IAG to focus more effectively on delivering
               superior customer outcomes and supporting communities.

               During the year, IAG strengthened its approach to governance and culture, responding to the changing regulatory environment. For
               the financial year ended 30 June 2019, IAG complied with the Australian Securities Exchange Corporate Governance Council
               Principles and Recommendations (3rd edition). Details of this compliance are set out in IAG’s 2019 Corporate Governance
               Statement and in Appendix 4G. This Corporate Governance Statement is current as at 8 August 2019 and has been approved by
               the Board. While IAG reported against the 3rd edition, many practices align with the recently released 4th Edition of the Principles
               and Recommendations which come into force for financial years commencing on or after 1 January 2020. IAG expects to fully
               comply with the 4th edition by then.

               IAG’s 2019 Corporate Governance Statement is available at www.iag.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance, along with the
               policies and procedures that guide all employees’ behaviour.

               OUTLOOK
               IAG’s GWP growth guidance for the 2020 financial year is ‘low single digit’. Feeding into this expectation are:
                   anticipated rate increases across short-tail personal lines in Australia and New Zealand;
                   a modest expected advance in combined short-tail personal line volumes;
                   further average rate increases in Australian and New Zealand commercial classes;
                   lower commercial volumes, including a greater than $100 million reduction in GWP from recent business exits; and
                   lower overall CTP rates stemming from scheme change in each of NSW, the ACT and South Australia, partially offset by modest
                    volume growth.

               IAG's 2020 financial year reported insurance margin guidance range is 16-18%. Associated ingredients and assumptions comprise:
                   further incremental improvement (of approximately $160 million pre-tax) from optimisation program initiatives, cumulatively
                    approximating the $250 million pre-tax target originally set;
                   an offset from higher regulatory and compliance costs, which are expected to increase by up to a further $50 million, including
                    increased investment in risk-related resources;
                   some drag from a lower investment running yield, reflecting the recent reduction in interest rates;
                   net losses from natural perils in line with an increased allowance of $641 million ($950 million, pre-quota share);
                   lower prior period reserve releases of around 1% of NEP; and
                   no material movement in foreign exchange rates or investment markets.


               16 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               Investments made through Customer Labs over the last three years, in data, artificial intelligence and innovation, have encouraged
               IAG to accelerate its spend on these technologies and the associated businesses it is developing. As a result, the amount by which
               expenditure exceeds revenue is expected to expand in the 2020 financial year and contribute to an increased pre-tax loss in the fee
               income line, of up to $50 million (2019: pre-tax loss of $9 million).

               DIVIDENDS
               Details of dividends paid or determined to be paid by the Company and the dividend policy employed by the Group are set out in
               Note 4.4.

               Cash earnings are used for the purposes of targeted ROE and dividend payout policy and are defined as:




For personal use only
                  net profit after tax attributable to shareholders of the Parent;
                  plus amortisation and impairment of acquired identifiable intangibles; and
                  excluding any unusual items (non-recurring in nature).

                                                                                                                               2019           2018
               CASH EARNINGS                                                                                                      $m             $m
               Net profit after tax                                                                                            1,076            923
               Acquired intangible amortisation and impairment (post-tax)                                                         57            107
                                                                                                                               1,133          1,030
               Non-recurring items:
               Corporate expenses                                                                                                   4              9
               Tax effect on corporate expenses                                                                                    (1)            (5)
               Gain on sale of Thailand                                                                                         (208)               -
               Loss of diversification benefit on sale of Thailand                                                                  3               -
               Cash earnings*                                                                                                    931          1,034
               Interim dividend                                                                                                  277            331
               Final dividend                                                                                                    462            474
               Dividend payable                                                                                                  739            805
               Cash payout ratio*                                                                                              79.4%          77.9%
               *        Cash earnings and cash payout ratio represent non-IFRS financial information.

               The Board has determined to pay a final dividend of 20.0 cents per share (cps), franked to 70% (2018 final dividend: 20.0cps, fully
               franked). The final dividend is payable on 30 September 2019 to shareholders registered as at 5pm Australian Eastern Standard
               Time (AEST) on 20 August 2019.

               This brings the full year dividend to 32.0 cents per share, which equates to a payout ratio of 79.4% of cash earnings, in line with
               IAG’s stated dividend policy to distribute 60-80% of cash earnings in any full financial year.

               In addition, during the first half of the year, IAG paid a special dividend of 5.5 cents per share as part of the capital management
               initiative announced in August 2018 and approved by shareholders at the annual general meeting (AGM) on 26 October 2018.
               Payment occurred on 26 November 2018.

               In August 2018 IAG advised that, from July 2019 it may not be in a position to fully frank future dividend payments. This reflects:
                   the move to a higher payout policy in recent years;
                   a sequence of capital management activities being conducted, often utilising IAG’s franking capacity; and
                   a significant portion of the company’s earnings being derived from its New Zealand operations, where no franking credit
                    generation attaches.

               As at 30 June 2019, and prior to allowance for payment of the final dividend, IAG’s franking balance was $93 million, including its
               70% entitlement to franking held by IMA.

               SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN STATE OF AFFAIRS
               During the financial year the following changes became effective:
                  On 31 August 2018, IAG completed the sale of its Thailand operations for a consideration of $515 million, which resulted in
                   the recognition of a gain of $208 million, net of tax.
                  On 26 November 2018, IAG completed its capital management initiative amounting to 25.0 cents per ordinary share, or $592
                   million, which comprised a 19.5 cents capital return and a 5.5 cents fully franked special dividend, with a share consolidation
                   that reduced the Company’s ordinary issued shares by 2.4%.
                  On 19 March 2019, Insurance Australia Limited (IAL), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, redeemed $350 million of
                   subordinated convertible term notes.
                  On 28 March 2019, the Company issued $450 million of subordinated convertible term notes. The subordinated notes qualify
                   as Tier 2 Capital under APRA's Prudential Framework for General Insurance.




                                                                                                                                                  17
               EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE
               Details of matters subsequent to the end of the financial year are set out below and in Note 7.3 within the financial statements.
               These include:
                  On 8 August 2019, the Board determined to pay a final dividend of 20.0 cents per share, 70% franked. The dividend will be
                   paid on 30 September 2019. The DRP will operate by acquiring shares on-market for participants with no discount applied.

               NON-AUDIT SERVICES
               During the financial year, KPMG performed certain other services for IAG in addition to its statutory duties.

               The Directors have considered the non-audit services provided during the financial year by KPMG and, in accordance with written




For personal use only
               advice provided by resolution of the Audit Committee, are satisfied that the provision of those non-audit services by IAG’s auditor is
               compatible with, and did not compromise, the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for the following
               reasons:
                  all non-audit assignments were approved in accordance with the process set out in the IAG framework for engaging auditors
                   for non-audit services; and
                  the non-audit services provided did not undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES
                   110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants of the Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand and CPA Australia,
                   as they did not involve reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision-making capacity for
                   the Company, acting as an advocate for the Company or jointly sharing risks and rewards.

               The level of fees for total non-audit services amounted to approximately $3,206 thousand (refer to Note 8.3 for further details of
               costs incurred on individual non-audit assignments).

               LEAD AUDITOR'S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE CORPORATIONS ACT
               2001
               The lead auditor's independence declaration is set out on page 43 and forms part of the Directors' Report for the year ended 30
               June 2019.

               INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS
               The Company’s constitution contains an indemnity in favour of every person who is or has been:
                  a Director of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company; or
                  a Secretary of the Company or of a subsidiary of the Company; or
                  a person making or participating in making decisions that affect the whole or a substantial part of the business of the
                   Company or of a subsidiary of the Company; or
                  a person having the capacity to affect significantly the financial standing of the Company or of a subsidiary of the Company.

               The indemnity applies to liabilities incurred by the person in the relevant capacity (except a liability for legal costs). That indemnity
               also applies to legal costs incurred in defending or resisting certain legal proceedings. The indemnity does not apply where the
               Company is forbidden by statute or, if given, would be made void by statute.
               In addition, the Company has granted deeds of indemnity to certain current and former Directors and Secretaries and members of
               senior management of the Company and its subsidiaries and associated companies. Under these deeds, the Company:
                   indemnifies, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the former or current Directors or Secretaries or members of senior
                    management against liabilities incurred by the person in the relevant capacity. The indemnity does not apply where the liability
                    is owed to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or associated companies, or (in general terms) where the liability arises out
                    of a lack of good faith, wilful misconduct, gross negligence, reckless misbehaviour or fraud; and
                   is also required to maintain and pay the premiums on a contract of insurance covering the current or former Directors or
                    members of senior management against liabilities incurred in respect of the relevant office except as precluded by law. The
                    insurance must be maintained until the seventh anniversary after the date when the relevant person ceases to hold office.
                    Disclosure of the insurance premiums and the nature of liabilities covered by such insurance is prohibited by the relevant
                    contract of insurance.




               18 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               REMUNERATION REPORT
               EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
               Our purpose: we make your world a safer place
               IAG’s purpose guides our remuneration approach by aligning Executive pay outcomes with the interests of our customers,
               community and shareholders. We achieve this alignment by assessing both financial and non-financial performance, including a
               risk assessment, to ensure results are delivered in a way that is sustainable and benefits all IAG stakeholders.

               Remuneration reflects delivery of strategy, business results and risk performance
               IAG rewards Executives through a combination of fixed pay, short-term incentives (STI) and long-term incentives (LTI).




For personal use only
               In the 2019 financial year, IAG has continued to deliver strong business performance, recording outcomes at the mid-point of
               guidance measures provided to the market, in relation to GWP growth and reported insurance margin. A key element of the
               improved underlying margin outcome was the realisation of net benefits under IAG’s optimisation program, which includes
               initiatives designed to simplify IAG’s business, reduce controllable expenses and improve the experience of IAG’s customers. In
               addition, a strong capital position has been maintained, following distribution of surplus capital to shareholders. The table below
               outlines key performance measures and remuneration outcomes reflecting IAG’s business results.

                   A review of fixed pay determined that current Executive
                    fixed pay levels are appropriate, and will remain unchanged
                    for the 2020 financial year. The August 2018 review
                    resulted in Peter Harmer, Mark Milliner, Craig Olsen and
                    Julie Batch receiving fixed pay increases during the 2019
                    financial year. The increases ranged from 5.0% to 11.8%
                    and were applied to meet market pay levels.
                   STI outcomes reflect Group and individual Executive
                    performance during the 2019 financial year. Further
                    improvement in underlying business performance was
                    achieved, in line with the market guidance measures
                    provided at the outset of the year.
                   The LTI rewards Executives for achieving long-term
                    performance. Based on strong returns, the cash return on
                    equity (ROE) element of the 2015/2016 LTI award vested
                    in full. On 30 September 2018, the relative total
                    shareholder return (TSR) portion of the 2014/2015 LTI
                    award was tested. IAG’s TSR was ranked at the 61st
                    percentile of its peer group resulting in a 72% vesting
                    outcome.
               As foreshadowed at the 2018 annual general meeting (AGM), the Board has reviewed the LTI plan ROE hurdle. The review
               considered factors including the impact of monetary policies on the global cost of capital, the changing capital base of the Company
               and the need to ensure the hurdle is sufficiently stretching. As a result, the Board has increased the cash ROE hurdle vesting
               range from 1.2 to 1.6 times WACC, to 1.4 to 1.9 times WACC for future awards, with the expectation of typically lower vesting
               outcomes for Executives.

               Risk performance and accountability is a key input to variable pay
               IAG takes a balanced approach to assessing Executive performance across financial and non-financial measures, while also
               considering risk management effectiveness. When assessing risk performance, the full range of risks faced by IAG are considered,
               including reputational and operational risk. The way IAG assesses Executive risk management performance continues to evolve,
               building on the improvements outlined in IAG’s 2018 Annual Report.

               For the 2019 financial year, IAG’s risk performance assessment approach was further enhanced to ensure that remuneration
               outcomes support effective risk management and IAG’s long-term soundness. Under this approach:
                   the risk performance assessment has been extended beyond Executives to cover approximately 80 senior leaders across IAG;
                   the Board Risk Committee, with input from the Chief Risk Officer and Executive General Manager, Group Internal Audit,
                    provides an independent assessment to the People and Remuneration Committee (PARC) and Board when they make
                    remuneration decisions; and
                   the Chief Risk Officer and Chief Financial Officer review remuneration for their Risk and Financial Control roles to confirm that
                    the arrangements do not compromise the independence of those employees (and provide an annual attestation to that effect).

               The Board has an ongoing program of work to assess remuneration and performance frameworks to ensure they promote effective
               risk management practices. During the year, IAG further strengthened those frameworks by:
                   including a risk maturity objective in the Group Balanced Scorecard (BSC) to further develop IAG's risk practices and culture;
                   introducing a formal assessment of risk maturity and risk culture which is approved by the Board Risk Committee;
                   increasing the deferred portion of Group Leadership Team STI awards from 33% to 50%;
                   extending the LTI cash ROE vesting period from three to four years; and
                   increasing the difficulty of LTI cash ROE hurdles for the 2020 financial year and future LTI awards.

               The regulatory environment in which IAG operates continues to evolve post the Royal Commission into Misconduct in the Banking,
               Superannuation and Financial Services Industry. The recent release by APRA of Draft Prudential Standard CPS 511 Remuneration
               has significant implications for both the design and governance of remuneration arrangements. The Board recognises that the new
               draft Standard, which is currently subject to a consultation process, will potentially have a significant impact on remuneration and
               governance approaches, and could lead to a substantial review of IAG’s framework in 2020.

                                                                                                                                                 19
               CONTENTS                                                                                                                                                                     PAGE
               A.    Key management personnel covered in this report                                                                                                                          20
               B.    Executive remuneration structure                                                                                                                                         21
               C.    Linking IAG's performance and reward                                                                                                                                     26
               D.    Executive remuneration governance                                                                                                                                        31
               E.    Non-Executive Director remuneration                                                                                                                                      32
                     Appendix 1. Statutory remuneration disclosure requirements                                                                                                               35
                     Appendix 2. Executive employment agreements                                                                                                                              37
                     Appendix 3. Movement in equity plans within the financial year                                                                                                           38




For personal use only
                     Appendix 4. Related party interests                                                                                                                                      39
                     Appendix 5. Key terms and definitions                                                                                                                                    40

               A. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL COVERED IN THIS REPORT
               This report sets out the remuneration details for IAG’s key management personnel (KMP). Although the Non-Executive Directors
               are disclosed in the report, they do not have management responsibility. Therefore, their remuneration is dealt with separately.
               The accounting standards define KMP to include Non-Executive Directors and executives who have ultimate accountability for
               planning, directing and controlling the activities of the organisation, either directly or indirectly.

               In the previous financial year, a comprehensive review of the composition of KMP was performed where the Board determined that
               executive KMP (referred to in the report as Executives) will comprise the Group CEO and those of his or her direct reports who:
                   manage a business unit; or
                   have accountability for the risk or financial control of the organisation; or
                   have accountability to deliver a strategic priority.

               The Board believes this definition of KMP continues to accurately identify those in the Group who have ultimate accountability for
               planning, directing and controlling IAG’s activities. Applying this definition, not all members of the Group Leadership Team are
               KMP. The full list of KMP for the year ended 30 June 2019 is presented below.

               NAME                                                POSITION                                                                      TERM AS KMP(1)
               EXECUTIVES
               Peter Harmer                 Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer                                                        Full year
               Julie Batch                  Chief Customer Officer                                                                               Full year
               Nicholas Hawkins             Chief Financial Officer                                                                              Full year
               Jacki Johnson(2)             Group Executive, People, Performance and Reputation                                                  Full year
               Mark Milliner                Chief Executive Officer, Australia                                                                   Full year
               Craig Olsen                  Chief Executive, New Zealand                                                                         Full year
               David Watts                  Chief Risk Officer                                                                                   From 11 September 2018
               EXECUTIVE WHO CEASED AS KMP
               Tim Clark(3)                 Acting Chief Risk Officer                                                                            Ceased 10 September 2018
               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
               Elizabeth Bryan              Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Director                                                         Full year
               Duncan Boyle                 Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                   Full year
               Hugh Fletcher                Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                   Full year
               Sheila McGregor              Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                   Full year
               Jon Nicholson                Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                   Full year
               Helen Nugent                 Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                   Full year
               Tom Pockett                  Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                   Full year
               George Savvides              Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                   From 12 June 2019
               Michelle Tredenick           Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                   Full year
               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR WHO CEASED AS KMP
               Philip Twyman                Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                   Ceased 26 October 2018
               (1)      If an individual did not serve as a KMP for the full financial year, all remuneration is disclosed from the date the individual was appointed as a KMP to the date they
                        ceased as a KMP.
               (2)      Jacki Johnson retired from IAG effective 30 June 2019, and was considered a KMP for the full financial year.
               (3)      Following the appointment of David Watts as Chief Risk Officer on 11 September 2018, Tim Clark ceased as KMP and remained within IAG.

               Key terms that are used throughout the report are defined in detail in Appendix 5.




               20 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               B. EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION STRUCTURE
               I. Remuneration guiding principles
               There are six guiding principles that underpin IAG’s approach to remuneration. Remuneration at IAG should:
                   support IAG’s purpose by focusing employees’ behaviour and performance on:
                      delivering positive outcomes for customers and the community;
                      building the desired culture within IAG; and
                      generating value for our shareholders;
                   support the attraction and retention of talent with the capabilities and skills needed to drive business performance and deliver
                    IAG’s strategy;
                   promote accountability and encourage behaviours that support effective risk management and IAG’s long-term financial




For personal use only
                    soundness;
                   reduce the risks of misconduct, regulatory and compliance breaches and other non-financial risks;
                   be simple to understand, delivering pay parity and outcomes that are fair and equitable; and
                   provide flexibility for different business requirements now and in the future.

               II. Summary of remuneration components
               The Executive remuneration approach consists of the following components: fixed pay, cash STI, deferred STI and LTI. The table
               below describes the structure and purpose of each component in place for Executives during the year ended 30 June 2019.

               TABLE 1 – REMUNERATION COMPONENTS
               COMPONENT STRUCTURE                                                                   PURPOSE
               Fixed pay    Fixed pay comprises base salary and superannuation. Fixed pay            Fixed pay is provided to remunerate IAG
                            for an Executive is determined by reference to the experience            employees for performing their ongoing work.
                            and skills an individual brings to the role, the internal relativities
                            between Executives and market pay levels for similar external
                            roles.

                              Further details relating to fixed pay are presented in Table 2.

               STI            STI is provided on an annual basis subject to the achievement of STI provides a reward for annual performance
                              short-term goals agreed by the Board, and an assessment of risk across a range of financial and non-financial
                              management effectiveness.                                        measures chosen to support the delivery of the
                                                                                               IAG strategy.
                              Half of the total STI awarded is delivered in cash in September
                              following the financial year end; and the remaining half is      Deferral of incentives encourages ongoing
                              deferred for a period of up to two years based on continued      employment of senior management and allows
                              service. The deferred component is typically paid in the form of the Board to apply downward adjustment (malus)
                              Deferred Award Rights (DARs). The deferred portion is subject to when appropriate. Share-based remuneration
                              downward adjustment (also referred to as malus) if determined    also reinforces the link between shareholder
                              appropriate by the Board.                                        value creation and Executive reward.

                              Further details relating to the STI plan are presented in Table 3.

               LTI            LTI rewards Executives for achieving long-term financial               LTI creates a direct link between Executive
                              performance based on two hurdles: cash ROE and relative TSR            reward and the return experienced by
                              over a four-year period.                                               shareholders. LTI awards are subject to the two
                                                                                                     hurdles below:
                              Further details relating to the LTI plan, including changes being          cash ROE provides evidence of IAG’s return
                              introduced for the 2020 financial year, are presented in Table 4.           on total shareholders’ equity. The ROE
                                                                                                          hurdle utilises cash earnings, which is also
                                                                                                          the measure used to determine the dividend
                                                                                                          paid to shareholders; and
                                                                                                         relative TSR reflects the value created for
                                                                                                          shareholders through both dividends and the
                                                                                                          movement in the share price measured
                                                                                                          against the top 50 industrial companies
                                                                                                          within the S&P/ASX 100 Index.




                                                                                                                                                    21
               Remuneration received by Executives is based on IAG’s performance over a number of different time periods, as illustrated in the
               following graph. The timeframe of potential payments to Executives is staggered progressively from one to four years to encourage
               decision-making which supports long-term, sustainable performance.




For personal use only
                III. Remuneration mix
               The mix of components in IAG’s remuneration framework is outlined in the following graph. This represents the structure based on
               the maximum potential earnings for the Group CEO, the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Australia,
               the Chief Risk Officer (CRO) and the other members of the current Executive Team. The remuneration mix was current as at 30
               June 2019.




               Each remuneration component is described in more detail below.

               IV. Fixed pay
               TABLE 2 – FIXED PAY
                Overview                 Fixed pay at IAG is set with reference to the median of the external market for comparable roles, with
                                         the flexibility to adjust based on the size and complexity of the role, and the skills and experience of the
                                         Executive. Fixed pay for Australian-based Executives is compared to the market using peer groups,
                                         including financial services companies in the S&P/ASX 50 Index and companies that are of similar size
                                         to IAG. Relevant local market peer groups are referenced for overseas-based Executives.

                                         Increases to an Executive’s fixed pay are generally only provided in situations where either their pay is
                                         below market levels, or where there has been a material change in the responsibilities of their role.
                                         During the 2019 financial year, Peter Harmer, Mark Milliner, Craig Olsen and Julie Batch received a
                                         fixed pay increase. The increases ranged from 5.0% to 11.8% and were applied to meet market pay
                                         levels.




               22 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               V. Short-term incentive
               TABLE 3 – STI AND DEFERRED STI
               Behavioural gateway     All employees are required to demonstrate appropriate behaviours in the achievement of
                                       performance outcomes. The behavioural gateway determines STI eligibility. Those who have not
                                       behaved in line with expected standards will not receive any STI in that year, regardless of their
                                       performance. If the behavioural gateway requirements are met, the size of the STI award is
                                       subsequently determined based on individual and company performance.

                                         For the Group CEO, an assessment of his behaviour is made by the Board. For Executives, their
                                         behaviours during the year are assessed by the Group CEO who subsequently recommends to the
                                         Board whether they are eligible for an STI.




For personal use only
               STI opportunity           For the 2019 performance year, the maximum value of STI that could be granted to the Group CEO
                                         was 150% of fixed pay. The maximum value of STI for the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive
                                         Officer, Australia was increased from 120% to 130% of fixed pay. The maximum value of STI for the
                                         Chief Risk Officer and Acting Chief Risk Officer was 80% of fixed pay. For all other Executive Team
                                         members (Chief Executive, New Zealand; Chief Customer Officer; and Group Executive, People,
                                         Performance and Reputation) the maximum was 120% of fixed pay.

               Performance measures      STI is the at-risk remuneration component designed to motivate and reward Executives for superior
               and evaluation            performance in the financial year. Performance is measured against the Group Balanced Scorecard
                                         and individual goals using both financial and non-financial measures (the Group Balanced Scorecard
                                         is discussed in more detail in Table 5a). In determining STI awards, consideration is also given to
                                         the effectiveness of risk management during the year.

                                         The PARC reviews the Group CEO’s performance based on the Group Balanced Scorecard outcomes,
                                         and the effectiveness of risk management during the year, and recommends an STI award for
                                         approval by the Board.

                                         The STI awards for members of the Executive Team are recommended by the Group CEO to PARC
                                         based on an assessment of the achievement of the Group Balanced Scorecard outcomes,
                                         achievement against individual goals and the effectiveness of risk management during the year.
                                         These remuneration outcomes are subsequently recommended by PARC for approval by the Board.

                                         For all individuals, the Board may apply discretion in determining the STI outcomes to ensure they
                                         appropriately reflect performance.

               Instrument                An Executive’s STI award comprises a cash component and a deferred component. Half of the total
                                         STI awarded is delivered in cash in September following the financial year end; and the remaining
                                         half is deferred for a period of up to two years based on continued service. The deferred component
                                         is typically paid in the form of Deferred Award Rights (DARs), unless it is not possible to do so, in
                                         which case cash equivalent payments are made according to the same vesting schedule.




                                                                                                                                                 23
               Key terms of the          DARs are rights over the Company’s ordinary shares. DARs are granted at no cost to the Executive
               deferred STI              and IAG’s policy is that no dividend will be paid for any unvested, or vested and unexercised DARs.
                                         In 2018, the Board made an exception to this approach for holders of DARs that were due to vest
                                         after the record date for final dividends during 2018 and 2019.

                                         This exception was made following IAG’s decision to bring forward the date that annual results are
                                         announced to the market. Due to this change, the record date for final dividends was also brought
                                         forward to avoid a delay in distributing profits to shareholders. Consequently, holders of DARs that
                                         vested in September 2018 and some DARs due to vest in September 2019 were no longer entitled
                                         to receive the final dividend, as the vesting dates fall shortly after the new, earlier dividend record
                                         dates.




For personal use only
                                         In recognition of this adverse consequence, the Board determined to make a cash payment to
                                         employees holding DARs at the September 2018 and September 2019 vesting dates, equivalent in
                                         value to the dividends they would otherwise have received if the record date had not moved. The
                                         payments relating to 2018 DARs are disclosed in this Remuneration Report. The payments relating
                                         to 2019 DARs will be disclosed in the 2020 Remuneration Report.

                                         The number of DARs issued is calculated based on the volume-weighted average share price (VWAP)
                                         of the Company's ordinary shares over the 30 days up to and including 30 June before the grant
                                         date.

                                         Executives who participate in the STI plan become eligible to receive one ordinary share of the
                                         Company per DAR by paying an exercise price of $1 per tranche of DARs exercised. Vesting of DARs
                                         is subject to an Executive’s continuing employment with IAG at the vesting date or meeting the
                                         conditions to retain unvested DARs upon cessation, as outlined in the ‘forfeiture conditions’ section
                                         below.

                                         Executives may not enter into transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the economic risk
                                         of unvested entitlements to IAG securities.

               Forfeiture conditions     The Board retains the discretion to adjust downwards the unvested portion of any deferred STI
                                         awards, including to zero. Deferred STI awards will be forfeited if the Executive resigns before the
                                         vesting date, except in special circumstances as outlined below.

                                         When an Executive ceases employment in special circumstances, any unvested rights may be
                                         retained on cessation of employment up to the point they vest, subject to Board discretion. Special
                                         circumstances include: redundancy, retirement, death or total and permanent disability. Any rights
                                         retained under these circumstances will remain subject to the original vesting period unless the
                                         Board determines an alternative vesting date, which would only be done in exceptional
                                         circumstances.


               VI. Long-term incentive
               TABLE 4 – LTI
               Overview                   LTI grants are determined annually by the Board. The grants are in the form of Executive Performance
                                          Rights (EPRs) that have performance hurdles which align to IAG’s strategic financial targets.

               LTI opportunity            For the 2019 performance year, the maximum value of LTI that could be granted to the Group CEO was
                                          increased from 150% to 165% of fixed pay. The maximum value of LTI that could be granted to the Chief
                                          Financial Officer and to the Chief Executive Officer, Australia was increased from 125% to 140% of fixed
                                          pay. The maximum value of LTI that could be granted to the Chief Risk Officer was 80% of fixed pay, and
                                          for the Acting Chief Risk Officer 40% of fixed pay. The maximum for all other Executive Team members
                                          was 125% of fixed pay.

               Instrument                 If performance hurdles are achieved, rights can be settled with either the Company's ordinary shares or
                                          an equivalent cash payment. The Board may choose to exercise discretion to settle rights on vesting in
                                          cash in circumstances where it is restrictive to settle rights with shares, including in jurisdictions where
                                          legislative requirements prohibit share ownership in a foreign entity. Where rights are settled in cash,
                                          the value of the cash payment is determined based on the VWAP for the five trading days up to and
                                          including the vesting date.

               Key terms of the LTI       The number of rights issued is calculated based on the VWAP over the 30 days up to and including 30
                                          June before the grant date. Rights granted during the year will not vest and have no value to the
                                          Executive unless the performance hurdles are achieved. The cash ROE performance hurdle and the
                                          relative TSR hurdle are measured over four years. No dividend is paid or payable for any unvested, or
                                          vested and unexercised, rights. There are no opportunities to retest these performance hurdles.

                                          Executives may not enter into transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the economic risk of
                                          unvested entitlements to IAG securities.


               24 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               Forfeiture conditions     The Board retains the discretion to adjust downwards the unvested portion of any LTI awards, including
                                         to zero. Under the terms of the LTI, if an Executive resigns before the performance hurdles are tested,
                                         the unvested rights will generally lapse. In cases where the Executive acts fraudulently or dishonestly or
                                         is in breach of his or her obligations to IAG, the unvested rights will lapse.

                                         When an Executive ceases employment in special circumstances, any unvested rights may be retained
                                         on cessation of employment up to the point they vest, subject to Board discretion. Special
                                         circumstances include: redundancy, retirement, death or total and permanent disability. Any rights
                                         retained under these circumstances will remain subject to the original performance conditions.




For personal use only
               PERFORMANCE HURDLES CASH ROE                                       RELATIVE TSR
               Description         50% weighting                                  50% weighting

                                         Cash ROE is measured relative to IAG’s Relative TSR is measured against that of the top 50 industrial
                                         weighted average cost of capital        companies within the S&P/ASX 100 Index. Industrial companies
                                         (WACC).                                 are defined by Standard & Poor’s as being all companies
                                                                                 excluding those in the Energy sector (GICS Tier 1) and the
                                         As foreshadowed at the 2018 AGM, a Metals & Mining industry (GICS Tier 3). Companies which are no
                                         review of the ROE hurdle was            longer part of the index at the end of the performance period
                                         completed considering factors such as (e.g. due to acquisition or delisting), may be removed from the
                                         IAG’s evolving business strategy,       peer group.
                                         market practice, changes to IAG’s
                                         capital base and historic and projected
                                         ROE performance. As a result of this
                                         review, the current vesting range of
                                         1.2-1.6 times WACC has been
                                         increased to 1.4-1.9 times WACC for
                                         the November 2019 LTI grant and any
                                         future awards. It is expected that this
                                         change will result in typically lower
                                         vesting outcomes for Executives.

               Testing                   The cash ROE portion of the LTI is        The relative TSR portion of the LTI is tested after a four-year
                                         tested from 1 July of the grant year to performance period, with no opportunity for retesting. TSR
                                         30 June three years later for rights      performance for allocations made prior to November 2018 is
                                         granted prior to November 2018. For measured between 30 September of the base year, and 30
                                         rights granted from November 2018         September of the test year. TSR performance for rights grants
                                         onwards, LTI is tested from 1 July of     made from November 2018 onwards is measured between 30
                                         the grant year to 30 June four years      June of the base year, and 30 June of the test year. The opening
                                         later. The cash ROE/WACC ratio is         and closing share prices used for the TSR calculation are both
                                         calculated for each half year. The        based on the three-month VWAP to 30 June.
                                         average of the six or eight half years in
                                         the performance period is used to
                                         determine the final vesting outcome.

               Vesting (for LTI grants   0% vesting <1.4 times WACC               0% vesting if <50th percentile of peer group
               from November 2019
               onwards)                  20% vesting at 1.4 times WACC            50% vesting if aligned to 50th percentile of peer group

                                         100% vesting at 1.9 times WACC           100% vesting if aligned to 75th percentile of peer group

                                         with straight-line vesting in between.   with straight-line vesting in between.




                                                                                                                                               25
               C. LINKING IAG'S PERFORMANCE AND REWARD
               I. Linking IAG's short-term performance and short-term reward
               IAG’s strategy focuses Executives to achieve a successful, sustainable company that can deliver on IAG’s purpose to 'make your
               world a safer place'. IAG has three broad strategic priorities: ‘customer’, ‘simplification’ and ‘agility’. The focus of each strategic
               priority is summarised on page 12 of the annual report.

               The tables below summarise IAG’s Group Balanced Scorecard objectives and outcomes for the year ended 30 June 2019. The
               objectives were agreed with the Board at the beginning of the financial year and were designed to focus Executives on delivering
               superior performance outcomes against the strategic priorities. Each Executive’s performance is assessed based on their
               contribution to the objectives outlined below, as well as their individual performance.




For personal use only
               IAG recognises that APRA has recently recommended changes to the mix of financial and non-financial measures in corporate
               balanced scorecards, including what should be defined as financial measures. IAG is currently reviewing these recommendations
               and will be exploring changes in our approach to Group and Divisional balanced scorecards over the coming 12 months to respond
               to the expectations of different stakeholders and to align our measures to changes in our strategy.

               TABLE 5a – GROUP BALANCED SCORECARD OBJECTIVES
               CATEGORY                OBJECTIVE              RATIONALE
               Financial measures      Profitability          IAG uses underlying profit as the key profitability measure, as it presents
                                                              a holistic view of the absolute earnings power of IAG’s core insurance
               (60% of scorecard)                             related business. It provides a view of the underlying profitability of the
                                                              underwriting, fee-based and associate businesses and is an important
                                                              measure of how IAG generates value for shareholders.

                                             Controllable operating        IAG’s continued focus on optimisation of its operating model and related
                                             expense                       cost-out initiatives improves the efficiency with which IAG deploys its
                                                                           resources.

                                             Growth                        IAG continues to expand its product and service offerings to its markets,
                                                                           measured through gross written premium growth, creating value for its
                                                                           shareholders, customers and partners.

               Non-financial measures        Customer advocacy             IAG’s strategy is designed to 'put the customer at the centre of everything
                                                                           we do'. IAG considers this essential to driving the ability to grow profitably
               (40% of scorecard)                                          over the longer term. IAG is focused on designing compelling product and
                                                                           service offerings by developing a deeper understanding of customers’
                                                                           needs and the changing environment, allowing delivery of world-leading
                                                                           customer experiences, including through digital channels. IAG uses
                                                                           Customer Net Promoter Scores to measure the impact of these initiatives
                                                                           for its customers.

                                             Employee advocacy             IAG seeks to motivate and engage its employees around its purpose to
                                                                           'make your world a safer place'. Creating a strong organisational culture
                                                                           helps IAG deliver strong business results. IAG uses the Employee Net
                                                                           Promoter Score to measure its effectiveness in fostering a strong
                                                                           organisational culture.

                                             Agility                       A constructive and agile culture enables IAG to provide great experiences
                                                                           for its people and customers. IAG tracks three agility indicators to
                                                                           measure progress towards creating an agile organisation, being
                                                                           leadership effectiveness, connectedness and decision making
                                                                           effectiveness.

                                             Risk maturity                 Management of risk is integral to delivering IAG’s strategy to meet short
                                                                           term objectives and achieve long-term sustainability. IAG conducts a
                                                                           formal assessment of risk management maturity and risk culture which is
                                                                           reviewed and approved by the Board and Risk Committee on a quarterly
                                                                           basis. Due to the importance of risk management to IAG, it is included as
                                                                           an explicit measure on the scorecard.




               26 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               TABLE 5b – GROUP BALANCED SCORECARD RESULTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019
               OBJECTIVE AND
               WEIGHTING         MEASURE AND OUTCOME               COMMENT
               Profitability     Partially exceeded                The underlying performance of the core general insurance business
                                                                   improved over the prior year reflecting earned rate increases countering
               30%               The Group’s underlying result was claims inflation, net benefits realised from the optimisation program and
                                 slightly ahead of target.         some offset from increased regulatory and compliance costs.

               Controllable       Did not meet                          The reduction in controllable operating expenses in the 2019 financial
               operating expenses                                       year was slightly below the projected benefits under IAG’s optimisation




For personal use only
                                  The Group achieved a reduction in     program. The benefits achieved were spread across the underwriting
               15%                controllable operating expenses in    expense, claims expense and fee-based business.
                                  the 2019 financial year, however
                                  did not meet the targeted
                                  outcome.

               Growth              Partially met                      IAG’s reported gross written premium growth was largely rate driven,
                                                                      with relatively flat short-tail personal line volumes and lower overall
               15%                 IAG achieved gross written         commercial volumes. IAG’s like-for-like growth was higher after
                                   premium growth from continuing     adjusting for foreign exchange translation effects, reduced Compulsory
                                   operations of 3.1% (or close to 4% Third Party (CTP) pricing following NSW scheme reform and the absence
                                   on a like-for-like basis).         of premiums from recently divested or exited activities.

               Customer advocacy   Met                                IAG continued to deliver customer advocacy above the level of
                                                                      competitors during the 2019 financial year, with a one-point
               15%                 IAG sets a Customer Net Promoter improvement from IAG’s performance in the 2018 financial year. This
                                   Score (NPS) target relative to its strong performance was driven from our brands’ strong NPS
                                   peers. IAG’s NPS for the 2019      performance.
                                   financial year was +8 NPS points
                                   above the competitive market       IAG continues to invest in its customer advocacy programs to drive
                                   average.                           improvements across the customer journey.

               Employee advocacy   Partially exceeded                   IAG’s employees recommend IAG as a place to work because of
                                                                        supportive leadership, approach to workplace flexibility, employee
               7.5%                IAG measures employee advocacy       benefits, work life balance and a positive work environment.
                                   using an Employee Net Promoter
                                   Score (eNPS). The target was to
                                   increase eNPS by between 16 and
                                   24 points compared to the year
                                   ended 30 June 2018.

                                   IAG’s eNPS result for June 2019
                                   saw a 29 point improvement,
                                   exceeding the target.

               Agility             Met                                  IAG’s agility indicator scores have seen improvement from the 2018
                                                                        financial year. These indicators help us understand how our people
               7.5%                IAG’s performance improved from      experience leadership, decision making and the degree of connection
                                   the 2018 financial year for all      people feel in the organisation. This improvement from 2018 indicates
                                   three agility indicators of          an ongoing leadership focus on culture and growing confidence at
                                   leadership effectiveness, decision   translating insights into action.
                                   making and connectedness.

               Risk maturity       Met                                  IAG has managed its material risks in accordance with risk appetite.

               10%                 IAG’s risk maturity has been         During the 2019 financial year, IAG took a fresh look at its culture,
                                   assessed as ‘established’.           governance and accountability through APRA’s industry-wide self-
                                                                        assessment program.

                                                                        Our reviews have shown IAG to be ‘established’ in risk maturity, with
                                                                        development demonstrated over the 2019 financial year. In the current
                                                                        financial year, IAG instituted further programs of work to continue to
                                                                        enhance and embed its risk management framework.




                                                                                                                                                27
               II. STI outcomes for the year ended 30 June 2019
               The following table sets out the STI outcomes for Executives for the year ended 30 June 2019. The Group CEO has his STI
               assessed with reference to the overall Group Balanced Scorecard, as described in Table 5a. The Executive Team's STI outcomes
               are determined based on the overall Group Balanced Scorecard objectives and individual goals.

               Prior to determining the final incentive outcome, the Board assesses the risk management performance of IAG, including earlier
               events that may have come to light during the year, to ensure that incentives provided to Executives are appropriate. The Board
               considered whether any risk issue required the adjustment of an STI outcome for the year ended 30 June 2019, or to deferred STI
               awards from prior years. The average STI for all Executives was 60% of the maximum achievable, with payments ranging from 47%
               to 72% of the maximum achievable.




For personal use only
               TABLE 6 – ACTUAL STI OUTCOMES FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019
                                                                                                                                                 CASH STI
                                                                                                                                                OUTCOME              DEFERRED STI
                                                               MAXIMUM STI                                                                        (50% OF               OUTCOME
                                                               OPPORTUNITY                     ACTUAL STI OUTCOME                             OUTCOME) (50% OF OUTCOME)
                                                             (% of fixed pay) (% of maximum)(1)                 (% of fixed pay)          (% of fixed pay)  (% of fixed pay)
               Peter Harmer                                             150 %                      51 %                     76 %                      38 %                       38 %
               Julie Batch                                              120 %                      62 %                     74 %                      37 %                       37 %
               Tim Clark                                                 80 %                      60 %                     48 %                      24 %                       24 %
               Nicholas Hawkins                                         130 %                      62 %                     80 %                      40 %                       40 %
               Jacki Johnson                                            120 %                      47 %                     56 %                      28 %                       28 %
               Mark Milliner                                            130 %                      62 %                     80 %                      40 %                       40 %
               Craig Olsen                                              120 %                      72 %                     86 %                      43 %                       43 %
               David Watts                                               80 %                      63 %                     50 %                      25 %                       25 %
               (1)      The proportion of STI foregone is derived by subtracting the actual percentage of maximum received from 100% and was 40% on average for the year ended 30 June
                        2019 (compared to 29% in 2018).

               III. Linking IAG's long-term performance and long-term reward
               Details of LTI vested during the year are set out below:

               Cash ROE – 100% vesting

               Cash ROE is calculated after each half year by dividing the cash
               earnings of IAG by the average total shareholders' equity for that
               period. This cash ROE figure is then expressed as a multiple of
               IAG’s WACC over the same timeframe. The cash ROE vesting
               outcome is based on the average cash ROE to WACC multiple
               over each half year during the performance period. For LTI
               awards granted prior to November 2018, there were six half-
               year periods. For LTI awards granted from November 2018
               onwards, there are eight half-year periods.

               Cash earnings is defined as net profit after tax attributable to
               owners of the Company plus amortisation and impairment of
               acquired identifiable intangible assets and adjusted for unusual
               items after tax (non-recurring in nature). The Board considers
               the difference between the statutory profit and cash earnings.
               Any adjustments to statutory profit are assessed to determine
               whether they should be considered in determining the cash ROE
               outcome. The Board can reduce the cash ROE vesting
               outcomes in order to ensure that reward outcomes
               appropriately reflect performance.

               For the performance period from 1 July 2015 to 30 June 2018,
               the average reported cash ROE was 1.83 times WACC. In
               considering the differences between statutory profit and cash
               ROE over this period, the Board reduced the reported cash ROE
               outcome by the value of both the software impairments
               announced to the market on 19 August 2016 and a write-down
               of Asian asset carrying values reported in the first half of the
               2018 financial year. After making these adjustments, the cash
               ROE outcome for LTI vesting purposes was 1.71 times WACC.
               The award vested in full as this was above the maximum of the
               vesting range. The strong cash ROE performance has similarly
               been reflected in the dividend provided to shareholders.



               28 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               Relative TSR – 72% vesting

               On 30 September 2018, the relative TSR portion of the 2014/2015 LTI award was tested. IAG’s TSR was ranked at the 61st
               percentile of its peer group, resulting in a 72% vesting outcome. There are no retests for this award.

               The following graph illustrates IAG’s relative TSR, on an annualised basis, against the top 50 industrial companies in the S&P/ASX
               100 Index for the 2014/2015 LTI award:




For personal use only
               The following table shows the returns IAG delivered to shareholders for the last five financial years for a range of measures.

               TABLE 7 – HISTORICAL ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDER RETURN
                                                                                                YEAR ENDED         YEAR ENDED         YEAR ENDED         YEAR ENDED YEAR ENDED
                                                                                               30 JUNE 2015       30 JUNE 2016       30 JUNE 2017       30 JUNE 2018 30 JUNE 2019
               Closing share price ($)                                                                  5.58               5.45               6.78               8.53               8.26
               Dividends per ordinary share (cents)                                                    29.00             36.00(1)            33.00              34.00             37.50(3)
               Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                        31.22              25.79              39.03              39.06              46.26
               Reported cash ROE (%)                                                                    15.3               13.0               15.2               15.6               14.4
               Three-year average reported cash ROE to WACC                                             2.47              2.00(2)            1.76(2)          1.83(2),(4)          1.91(4)
               (1)      This includes the 10.00 cents (per ordinary share) 2016 special dividend.
               (2)      Outcomes reflect IAG’s average cash ROE to WACC prior to the Board considering the impact of the software impairments announced to the market on 19 August 2016.
                        The impact of the software impairments was to reduce average cash ROE to WACC by 0.09 times in the three years to 30 June 2016, 0.08 times in the three years to 30
                        June 2017 and 0.09 times in the three years to 30 June 2018.
               (3)      This includes the 5.50 cents (per ordinary share) 2019 special dividend paid as part of the capital management initiative announced in August 2018.
               (4)      Outcomes reflect IAG’s average cash ROE to WACC prior to the Board considering the impact of the write-down of Asian asset carrying values in the 2018 financial year,
                        and the net gain on sale of Thailand in the 2019 financial year. The impact of the write-down of Asian asset carrying values was to reduce average cash ROE to WACC by
                        0.03 times in the three years to 30 June 2018, and by the same amount in the three years to 30 June 2019. The impact of the net gain on sale of Thailand was to
                        increase average cash ROE to WACC by 0.13 times in the three years to 30 June 2019.




                                                                                                                                                                                        29
               IV. Actual remuneration received by Executives
               Table 8 below provides details of the remuneration received by Executives during the financial year. The table displays fixed pay
               and other benefits paid during the financial year, the value of cash STI awards earned in the financial year, and the value of prior
               years’ deferred STI and LTI awards that vested during the financial year. The proportion of STI paid as cash was reduced from 67%
               to 50% for awards made for the 2019 financial year. For remuneration details provided in accordance with the Accounting
               Standards, refer to Appendix 1.

               TABLE 8 – ACTUAL REMUNERATION RECEIVED IN 2019 AND 2018
                                                                               OTHER BENEFITS                                                                                 TOTAL ACTUAL
                                             FINANCIAL                             AND LEAVE           TERMINATION                        DEFERRED                           REMUNERATION
                                                 YEAR        FIXED PAY              ACCRUALS              BENEFITS          CASH STI      STI VESTED        LTI VESTED            RECEIVED




For personal use only
                                                                 $000                   $000                  $000             $000             $000              $000                $000
                                                                    (1)                    (2)                  (3)              (4)              (5)               (6)
               EXECUTIVES
               Peter Harmer       2019     1,858                                            136                       -         709              655           2,049                   5,407
                                  2018     1,700                                             88                       -       1,258              398           1,058                   4,502
               Julie Batch        2019       728                                               3                      -         269              200             462                   1,662
                                  2018       700                                              (7)                     -         403              141             169                   1,406
               Nicholas Hawkins   2019     1,200                                             33                       -         480              399           1,480                   3,592
                                  2018     1,200                                             37                       -         768              344           1,058                   3,407
               Jacki Johnson      2019     1,091                                             41                       -         303              360           1,574                   3,369
                                  2018     1,091                                             12                       -         663              289           1,054                   3,109
               Mark Milliner      2019     1,079                                            117                       -         432            1,306                -                  2,934
                                  2018     1,000                                             76                       -         576                 -               -                  1,652
               Craig Olsen(7)     2019       785                                             62                       -         339              202             448                   1,836
                                  2018       728                                             58                       -         496              119             122                   1,523
               David Watts  (8)   2019       704                                             32                       -         176                 -               -                    912
               EXECUTIVE WHO CEASED AS KMP
               Tim Clark(8)       2019       118                                               (3)                    -           28                  -                -                  143
                                  2018       206                                              12                      -           76                  -                -                  294
               (1)      Fixed pay includes amounts paid in cash, superannuation contributions plus the portion of IAG’s superannuation contribution that is paid as cash instead of being paid
                        into superannuation. Fixed pay also includes salary sacrifice items such as cars and parking as determined in accordance with AASB 119 Employee Benefits. The
                        August 2018 review resulted in Peter Harmer, Mark Milliner, Craig Olsen and Julie Batch receiving fixed pay increases during the 2019 financial year.
               (2)      Further details are provided in Table 12 in Appendix 1.
               (3)      Payment in lieu of notice, which incorporates statutory notice and severance entitlements.
               (4)      Cash STI earned within the year ended 30 June 2019 and to be paid in September 2019. The proportion of STI paid as cash was reduced from 67% to 50% for awards
                        made for the 2019 financial year.
               (5)      The deferred STI vesting on 1 September 2018 was valued using the five-day VWAP of $7.65 (1 September 2017: $6.34).
               (6)      The LTI vested was valued using the five-day VWAP at vesting date which was $7.98 for awards vested on 16 August 2018 and $7.32 for awards vested on 30
                        September 2018 (24 August 2017: $6.43 and 30 September 2017: $6.39).
               (7)      Remuneration for Craig Olsen was determined in New Zealand dollars and reported in Australian dollars using the average exchange rate for the year ended 30 June
                        2019 which was 1 NZD = 0.938 AUD.
               (8)      Remuneration for Tim Clark and David Watts is presented for the period for which they served as a KMP.




               30 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               V. Group CEO remuneration
               Below are further details on drivers of the actual remuneration received by the Group CEO that are outlined in Table 8. His
               remuneration has been broken down into the components of the remuneration mix, with commentary on how performance has
               translated into remuneration outcomes.




For personal use only
               D. EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE
               I. IAG's approach to remuneration governance
               IAG governs its remuneration through the Board and PARC. These governance arrangements are illustrated in the following
               graphic.




                                                                                                                                             31
               II. Use of remuneration consultants
               During the year EY was engaged to provide Non-Executive Director and Executive remuneration benchmarking. The remuneration
               data provided was used as an input to the remuneration decisions by the Board only. The Board considered the data provided,
               together with other factors, in setting Executive’s remuneration. No remuneration recommendations, as defined by the
               Corporations Act 2001, were provided by remuneration consultants.

               III. Adjustment framework
               Variable pay reinforces behaviours aligned to IAG’s purpose, encouraging both prudent risk-taking and risk mitigation that protects
               the long-term financial soundness and reputation of the Group. The Board retains overriding discretion to adjust variable pay
               (upwards, downwards and to zero) including:
                    where a person or group of persons has been found to have engaged in misconduct or exposed IAG to risk beyond its risk




For personal use only
                     appetite or controls;
                    where it is necessary to protect the Group’s long-term financial soundness;
                    to take into account the outcomes of business activities;
                    where it is required by law or APRA Prudential Standards; or
                    any other circumstances the Board determines are relevant.

               Each year, PARC makes a recommendation to the Board on whether to adjust variable pay for Executives based on risk
               management performance. Adjustments may be applied to variable pay awards for current and/or prior years using one or both of
               the following mechanisms:
                   in-year STI adjustment; and
                   adjustment of awarded but unvested variable pay.

               PARC’s recommendations are informed by the identification and assessment of material financial and non-financial risks across the
               Group by the Risk Committee. The Risk Committee uses a range of inputs to support its assessment of risk management
               performance, including:
                   an independent report by the Chief Risk Officer;
                   an independent report by the Executive General Manager, Group Internal Audit; and
                   the Group CEO’s insights and recommendations.

               Following a review of risk management performance during the 2019 financial year, and consideration of issues that emerged from
               prior years, the Board approved adjustments to the variable pay of certain current and former Executives.

               IV. Mandatory shareholding requirement for Executives
               The Group CEO is required to accumulate and hold ordinary shares of the Company with a value of two times his base salary, and
               the Executive Team one times their respective base salaries. Executives have four years from their date of appointment as an
               Executive to meet their requirement. Holdings are assessed annually at the end of each financial year, using the closing share
               price at 30 June and the Executive's base salary from four years prior. The shareholding includes Executives' directly held shares
               and rights vested and unexercised as at 30 June, for entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by the
               Executive. Shares held by the Executives' domestic partner and dependants are not included in the mandatory shareholding
               requirement calculation.

               All Executives appointed prior to 30 June 2015 met the mandatory shareholding requirement at 30 June 2019.

               E. NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION
               I. Remuneration policy
               The principles that underpin IAG’s approach to remuneration for Non-Executive Directors are that remuneration should:
                   be sufficiently competitive to attract and retain a high calibre of Non-Executive Director; and
                   create alignment between the interests of Non-Executive Directors and shareholders through the mandatory shareholding
                    requirement.

               II. Mandatory shareholding requirement for Non-Executive Directors
               Non-Executive Directors are required to hold ordinary shares of the Company with a value equal to their annual Board fee. The
               mandatory shareholding requirement for Non-Executive Directors is based on either the value of shares at acquisition or the
               market value at the testing date, whichever is higher. This allows Non-Executive Directors to build a long-term shareholding in IAG
               without being impacted by short-term share price volatility. The Non-Executive Directors have three years from the date of their
               appointment to the Board to meet their required holding. Compliance with this requirement is assessed at the end of each
               financial year.

               For the test conducted at 30 June 2019, compliance with the mandatory shareholding requirement was assessed using the closing
               share price as at that date and the Non-Executive Directors’ Board fee from three years prior. All Non-Executive Directors
               appointed prior to 30 June 2016 met the mandatory shareholding requirement at 30 June 2019.




               32 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               III. Board performance
               The Board conducts a review of its performance, composition, size and succession annually and it conducts an independent review
               of these matters at least every two years with the assistance of external experts (Formal Review). A Formal Review of the Board and
               each Non-Executive Director (including the Chairman), with assistance and input from an independent board performance expert,
               was last conducted in April 2018. The Formal Review led by the Chairman involves the completion of questionnaires by Non-
               Executive Directors and Executives; interviews with the independent expert; the collation of results; and discussion with individual
               Non-Executive Directors and the Board as well as the Group CEO and Executive Team. PARC is responsible for coordinating the
               Board’s review of the Chairman’s performance in those years where a Formal Review is not conducted.

               Measures of a Non-Executive Director’s performance include:
                  contribution to Board teamwork;




For personal use only
               
                 contribution to debates on significant issues and proposals;
                 advice and assistance given to management;
                 input regarding regulatory, industry and social developments surrounding the business; and
                 in the case of the Chairman’s performance, the fulfilment of the additional role as Chairman.

               IV. Remuneration structure
               Non-Executive Director remuneration comprises:
                   Board fees (paid as cash, superannuation and Non-Executive Director Award Rights (NARs));
                   committee fees; and
                   subsidiary board fees.

               a. CHANGES TO NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION DURING THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019
               In the year ended 30 June 2019, there were no changes to the fees for service as Chairman or a Director on the Insurance
               Australia Group Limited Board. All Committee fees also remain unchanged. Similarly, in August 2019 the Board reviewed fees for
               the 2020 financial year and determined that no increase to fees would be made. The aggregate limit of Board fees approved by
               shareholders at the Annual General Meeting in October 2013 remains unchanged at $3,500,000 per annum.

               The figures shown below are inclusive of superannuation. Directors can elect the portion of fees contributed into their nominated
               superannuation fund, provided minimum legislated contribution levels are met.

               TABLE 9 – BOARD AND COMMITTEE FEES
                                                                                                                                                           ROLE
               BOARD/COMMITTEE                                                                         YEAR                                         CHAIRMAN                  MEMBER
               Board                                                                                   2019                                          $577,116                $192,372
                                                                                                       2018                                          $577,116                $192,372
               Audit Committee                                                                         2019                                           $50,000                 $25,000
                                                                                                       2018                                           $50,000                 $25,000
               Risk Committee                                                                          2019                                           $50,000                 $25,000
                                                                                                       2018                                           $50,000                 $25,000
               People and Remuneration Committee                                                       2019                                           $50,000                 $25,000
                                                                                                       2018                                           $50,000                 $25,000
               Nomination Committee                                                                    2019                                               N/A                     N/A
                                                                                                       2018                                               N/A                     N/A


               b. SUBSIDIARY BOARD FEES
               A summary of Non-Executive Directors’ service on subsidiary boards and the fees paid is set out below:

               TABLE 10 – FEES FOR NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS' SERVICE ON SUBSIDIARY BOARDS
               DIRECTOR             SUBSIDIARY                                       CAPACITY                                                              ANNUAL FEE
               Elizabeth Bryan      Insurance Manufacturers of Australia Pty Limited Chairman                                                               $184,800
               Hugh Fletcher*       IAG New Zealand Limited                          Chairman                                                               $140,700
               *        This amount was paid to Hugh Fletcher in New Zealand dollars and reported in Australian dollars using the average exchange rate for the year ended 30 June 2019
                        which was 1 NZD = 0.938 AUD.




                                                                                                                                                                                      33
               TABLE 11 – NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AWARD RIGHTS PLAN (NARS PLAN)
               Overview               PARC has determined that the annual remuneration paid by IAG to Non-Executive Directors for their
                                      services may be delivered partially in cash and partially in rights over IAG shares. Participation in the
                                      NARs Plan is voluntary. Structuring Non-Executive Director remuneration in this way supports Non-
                                      Executive Directors in building their shareholdings in IAG, which enhances the alignment of interests
                                      between Non-Executive Directors and shareholders.

               Performance measures      There are no performance conditions attached to the NARs Plan, which reflects good governance
                                         practices by ensuring that the structure of Non-Executive Director remuneration does not act to bias
                                         decision-making or compromise objectivity.




For personal use only
                                         A service condition is attached to the vesting of the NARs. The full annual allocation of unvested
                                         NARs is issued at the grant date, with tranches vesting each month to align the vesting of NARs with
                                         the payment of Non-Executive Director fees. As the grant date for NARs is part way through a
                                         financial year, a proportion of the NARs granted is immediately vested.

               Instrument                Grants under the NARs Plan are in the form of rights over IAG shares. Each NAR entitles the Non-
                                         Executive Director to acquire one ordinary share in IAG subject to satisfaction of a service condition.

               Key terms of the NARs     Each Non-Executive Director and IAG may agree to have a proportion of their base Board fee
               Plan                      provided as NARs. The number of NARs offered is determined by dividing this value by the five-day
                                         VWAP up to and including the grant date, rounded to the nearest NAR.

                                         Non-Executive Directors have no voting rights until the NARs are exercised and the Non-Executive
                                         Director holds shares in IAG.

                                         Non-Executive Directors do not have to pay any amount to exercise NARs.

                                         NARs expire on the date that is 15 years from the grant date, or any other date determined by the
                                         Board (Expiry Date). NARs that are not exercised before the Expiry Date will lapse.

                                         Non-Executive Directors may not enter into transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the
                                         economic risk of unvested entitlements to IAG securities.

               Forfeiture conditions     In the event a Non-Executive Director ceases service with the Board, any vested NARs may be
                                         exercised for shares in IAG in the subsequent trading window. Any unvested NARs will lapse. Under
                                         certain circumstances (e.g. change of control), the Board also has sole and absolute discretion to
                                         deal with the NARs, including waiving any applicable vesting conditions and/or exercise conditions by
                                         giving notice or allowing a Non-Executive Director affected by the relevant event to transfer their
                                         NARs.




               34 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               APPENDIX 1. STATUTORY REMUNERATION DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS
               I. Total remuneration for Executives
               Statutory remuneration details for Executives as required by Australian Accounting Standards are set out below:

               TABLE 12 – STATUTORY REMUNERATION DETAILS (EXECUTIVES)
                                                                                          OTHER
                                                                                           LONG-
                                                                            POST           TERM
                                                                          EMPLOY-        EMPLOY-           TERM-                                                                      AT-RISK
                                     SHORT-TERM EMPLOYMENT                  MENT           MENT          INATION                                                                     REMUN-




For personal use only
                                                   BENEFITS              BENEFITS       BENEFITS        BENEFITS       SUB-TOTAL SHARE-BASED PAYMENT                     TOTAL       ERATION
                                                  Leave                                     Long
                                                accruals                                 service                                        Value of       Value of                    As a % of
                                 Base          and other Superan-                          leave                                        deferred         rights                        total
                                salary Cash STI benefits  nuation                       accruals                                             STI       granted                       reward
                                $000      $000     $000     $000                           $000             $000             $000          $000          $000            $000                %
                                     (1)            (2)           (3)            (4)             (5)            (6)                             (7)            (8)
               EXECUTIVES
               Peter Harmer
               2019          1,833   709   109                                  25             27                 -        2,703             512         1,562         4,777               58
               2018          1,675 1,258     63                                 25             25                 -        3,046             424         1,419         4,889               63
               Julie Batch
               2019            703   269      (8)                               25             11                 -        1,000             160            493        1,653               56
               2018            671   403    (17)                                29             10                 -        1,096             135            410        1,641               58
               Nicholas Hawkins
               2019          1,175   480     97                                 25            (64)                -        1,713             303            896        2,912               58
               2018          1,171   768     19                                 29             18                 -        2,005             285            922        3,212               61
               Jacki Johnson(9)
               2019          1,066   303     25                                 25             16                 -        1,435             483         2,053         3,971               71
               2018          1,066   663      (4)                               25             16                 -        1,766             249           901         2,916               62
               Mark Milliner
               2019          1,054   432   101                                  25             16                 -        1,628             329            910        2,867               58
               2018            980   576     61                                 20             15                 -        1,652             443            693        2,788               61
               Craig Olsen(10)
               2019            785   339     62                                    -              -               -        1,186             177            519        1,882               55
               2018            728   496     58                                    -              -               -        1,282             131            418        1,831               57
               David Watts(11)
               2019            679   176     24                                 25               8                -          912             102              27       1,041               29
               EXECUTIVE WHO CEASED AS KMP
               Tim Clark(11)
               2019            113    28      (3)                                 5               -               -          143              16              24         183               37
               2018            197    76     11                                   9              1                -          294              28              44         366               40
               (1)  Base salary includes amounts paid in cash plus the portion of IAG’s superannuation contribution that is paid as cash instead of being paid into superannuation, and salary
                    sacrifice items such as cars and parking, as determined in accordance with AASB 119 Employee Benefits. The August 2018 review resulted in Peter Harmer, Mark
                    Milliner, Craig Olsen and Julie Batch receiving fixed pay increases during the 2019 financial year.
               (2) Cash STI represents the amount to be settled in cash in relation to the financial year from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019. The proportion of STI paid as cash was reduced
                    from 67% to 50% for awards made for the 2019 financial year.
               (3) This column includes annual and mid-service leave accruals, 30% tax rebate on car allowances for certain KMP who have salary sacrifice arrangements on cars, the ex-
                    gratia payment for DARs effected by the change in record date, and other short-term employment benefits as agreed and provided under specific conditions. Other
                    benefits provided are limited to Craig Olsen for salary continuance insurance.
               (4) Superannuation represents the employer’s contributions.
               (5) Long service leave accruals as determined in accordance with AASB 119.
               (6) Payment in lieu of notice which incorporates statutory notice and severance entitlements.
               (7) The deferred STI is granted as DARs and is valued using the Black-Scholes valuation model. An allocated portion of unvested DARs is included in the total remuneration
                    disclosure above. The deferred STI for the year ended 30 June 2019 will be granted in the next financial year, so no value was included in the current financial year’s total
                    remuneration.
               (8) This value represents the allocated portion of unvested rights. To determine the value of rights, a Monte Carlo simulation (for the relative TSR performance hurdle) and
                    Black-Scholes valuation (for the cash ROE performance hurdle) have been applied. The valuation takes into account the exercise price of the rights, life of the rights, price
                    of ordinary shares of the Company as at the grant date, expected volatility of the Company's share price, expected dividends, risk free interest rate, performance of shares
                    in the peer group of companies, early exercise and non-transferability and turnover which is assumed to be zero for an individual's remuneration calculation.
               (9) The full value of Jacki Johnson’s unvested LTI share rights and deferred STI was expensed due to her retirement on 30 June 2019. Those share rights and any deferred STI
                    will continue to vest per the standard Board approved schedule i.e. there is no accelerated vesting resulting from her retirement.
               (10) Remuneration for Craig Olsen was determined in New Zealand dollars and reported in Australian dollars using the average exchange rate for the year ended 30 June 2019
                    which was 1 NZD = 0.938 AUD.
               (11) Tim Clark was in the role of Acting Chief Risk Officer from 27 February 2018 to 10 September 2018. Remuneration has been disclosed for the period he acted in a KMP
                    role. David Watts commenced as Chief Risk Officer from 11 September 2018. Remuneration has been disclosed for the period he served as KMP.




                                                                                                                                                                                        35
               II. Total remuneration details for Non-Executive Directors
               Details of total remuneration for Non-Executive Directors are set out below:

               TABLE 13 – STATUTORY REMUNERATION DETAILS (NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS)
                                                                                                             OTHER LONG-
                                                                                                                   TERM                    SHARE-
                                                       SHORT-TERM                                            EMPLOYMENT    TERMINATION     BASED
                                               EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS              POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS        BENEFITS      BENEFITS   PAYMENT    TOTAL
                                     IAG Board      Other
                                           fees board and




For personal use only
                                       received committee                Retirement
                                        as cash      fees Superannuation    benefits
                                          $000      $000           $000        $000                                $000          $000      $000     $000
               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
               Elizabeth Bryan
               2019                        485       169             21            -                                  -             -       113     788
               2018                        481       197             20            -                                  -             -        90     788
               Duncan Boyle
               2019                        176        91             25            -                                  -             -          -    292
               2018                        176        63             23            -                                  -             -          -    262
               Hugh Fletcher
               2019                        176       186             21            -                                  -             -          -    383
               2018                        176       184             21            -                                  -             -          -    381
               Sheila McGregor(1)
               2019                         44        23             19            -                                  -             -       124     210
               2018                         53         7              6            -                                  -             -          -     66
               Jon Nicholson
               2019                        176        68             23            -                                  -             -          -    267
               2018                        176        55             22            -                                  -             -          -    253
               Helen Nugent
               2019                        176        46             21            -                                  -             -          -    243
               2018                        176        59             22            -                                  -             -          -    257
               Tom Pockett
               2019                        178        68             21            -                                  -             -          -    267
               2018                        179        68             20            -                                  -             -          -    267
               George Savvides(2)
               2019                         10         1              1            -                                  -             -          -     12
               Michelle Tredenick(1)
               2019                        135        23             19            -                                  -             -        53     230
               2018                         53         7              6            -                                  -             -          -     66
               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR WHO CEASED AS KMP
               Philip Twyman(3)
               2019                         57        15              7            -                                  -             -          -     79
               2018                        178        60             20            -                                  -             -          -    258
               (1)      Non-Executive Directors appointed part way through the year ended 30 June 2018.
               (2)      Non-Executive Director appointed part way through the year ended 30 June 2019.
               (3)      Non-Executive Director ceased as KMP part way through the year ended 30 June 2019.




               36 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               APPENDIX 2. EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
               Details are provided below of contractual elements for the Group CEO and Executive Team. All employment agreements for
               Executives are for unlimited terms but may be terminated by written notice from either party or by IAG making a payment in lieu of
               notice. The employment agreements outline the components of remuneration paid to each Executive and require annual review of
               Executives’ remuneration, although the agreements do not require IAG to increase base salary, pay STI or offer an LTI in any given
               year.

               All Executive contracts have a 12-month notice period from the relevant company for termination and the Executives must provide
               six months' notice. Executives are employed by Insurance Australia Group Services Pty Limited, except for Craig Olsen who is
               employed by IAG New Zealand Limited.




For personal use only
               I. Retrenchment
               In the event of retrenchment, Executives (except for Craig Olsen) are entitled to the greater of:
                   the 12-month notice period, or payment in lieu of notice, as provided in their employment agreement; and
                   the retrenchment benefits due under the company retrenchment policy.

               For Executives based in Australia, the maximum benefit under the retrenchment policy is 87 weeks of base salary, payable to
               employees with service of 25 years or more.

               For Craig Olsen, the retrenchment payment is 12 months of fixed pay.

               II. Termination of employment without notice and without payment in lieu of notice
               The employment of an Executive may be terminated without notice and without payment in lieu of notice in some circumstances.

               Generally, this would occur where the Executive:
                  is charged with a criminal offence that could bring the organisation into disrepute;
                  is declared bankrupt;
                  breaches a provision of their employment agreement;
                  is guilty of serious and wilful misconduct; or
                  unreasonably fails to comply with any material and lawful direction given by the relevant company.

               III. Termination of employment with notice or payment in lieu of notice
               The employment of an Executive may be terminated at any time with 12 months' notice or payment in lieu of notice. Payment in lieu
               of notice will be calculated based on fixed pay. If an Executive terminates voluntarily, they are required to provide six months'
               notice.

               Subject to the relevant legislation in the various jurisdictions, termination provisions may include the payment of annual leave
               and/or long service leave for the Executives.

               IV. Executives who ceased employment in the financial year
               Jacki Johnson did not receive any termination benefits upon ceasing as a KMP.

               Tim Clark did not receive any termination benefits upon ceasing as a KMP, and he has continued employment with IAG.




                                                                                                                                                  37
               APPENDIX 3. MOVEMENT IN EQUITY PLANS WITHIN THE FINANCIAL YEAR
               Changes in each Executive’s holding of DARs and EPRs and each Non-Executive Director’s holdings of NARs during the financial
               year are set out below. The DARs granted during the year ended 30 June 2019 reflect the deferred portion of the STI outcome for
               the year ended 30 June 2018. The EPRs granted during the year ended 30 June 2019 were in relation to the LTI plan. The NARs
               granted during the year ended 30 June 2019 represent the total number of rights a Non-Executive Director has agreed to receive
               as part of the payment of their base Board fees.

               TABLE 14 – MOVEMENT IN POTENTIAL VALUE OF DARS, EPRS AND NARS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019
                                          RIGHTS ON          RIGHTS GRANTED            RIGHTS EXERCISED               RIGHTS LAPSED          OTHER        RIGHTS ON      RIGHTS RIGHTS
                                            ISSUE AT                                                                                       CHANGES          ISSUE AT    VESTED VESTED
                                              1 JULY                                                                                                         30 JUNE DURING THE      AND




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                           YEAR EXERCIS-
                                                                                                                                                                                 ABLE AT
                                                                                                                                                                                 30 JUNE
                                             Number         Number         Value        Number        Value        Number         Value      Number          Number         Number      Number
                                                                           $000                       $000                        $000
                                                   (1)                        (2)                         (3)                                      (4)
               EXECUTIVES
               Peter    DAR   129,650   75,700                             503       (85,600)          630              -            -      (1,057)   118,693              85,600               -
               Harmer EPR 1,340,950 377,000                              1,603      (263,328)        1,939       (30,422)         224      (25,129) 1,399,071             263,328               -
               Julie    DAR    39,750   24,300                             161       (26,100)          192              -            -        (327)    37,623              26,100               -
               Batch    EPR   396,600 110,500                              470       (59,010)          434        (5,040)          37       (7,978)   435,072              59,010               -
               Nicholas DAR    77,000   46,200                             307       (52,100)          384              -            -        (597)    70,503              52,100               -
               Hawkins EPR    843,250 202,100                              859      (191,928)        1,413       (30,422)         224      (14,898)   808,102             191,928               -
               Jacki    DAR    67,350   39,900                             265       (47,100)          347              -            -        (486)    59,664              47,100               -
               Johnson EPR    819,150 164,000                              697      (204,006)        1,502       (31,794)         234      (13,998)   733,352             204,006               -
               Mark     DAR   191,500   34,700                             231      (170,750)        1,257              -            -        (498)    54,952             170,750               -
               Milliner EPR   646,700 185,200                              787              -             -             -            -     (15,518)   816,382                    -              -
               Craig    DAR    41,100   29,900                             199       (26,350)          194              -            -        (354)    44,296              26,350               -
               Olsen    EPR   412,500 117,800                              501       (56,996)          420        (4,004)          29       (8,434)   460,866              56,996               -
               David    DAR          - 108,300                             803              -             -             -            -            -   108,300                    -              -
               Watts(5) EPR          -  84,200                             423              -             -             -            -            -    84,200                    -              -
               EXECUTIVE WHO CEASED AS KMP
               Tim      DAR    21,300         -                                 -    (14,300)          105                 -           -             -        7,000         14,300              -
               Clark(6) EPR   117,100         -                                 -    (17,250)          127                 -           -             -       99,850         17,250              -
               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
               Elizabeth NAR     4,867                      16,037          113      (14,226)          105                 -           -             -        6,678         16,037       6,678
               Bryan
               Sheila    NAR          -                     16,625          124        (7,870)           58                -           -       (171)          8,584         16,454       8,584
               McGregor
               Michelle NAR           -                       7,484           53       (4,368)           32                -           -             -        3,116           7,484      3,116
               Tredenick
               (1)      Opening number of rights on issue represents the balance as at the date of appointment as KMP or 1 July 2018.
               (2)      The value of the DARs granted during the year is the fair value at grant date calculated using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The value of the DARs granted on 5
                        November 2018 and 29 March 2019 was $6.64 and $7.41 respectively. This amount is allocated to remuneration over years ending 30 June 2019 to 30 June 2021.
                        The value of the cash ROE portion of the EPRs granted on 5 November 2018 and 29 March 2019 is the fair value at grant date, calculated using the Black-Scholes
                        valuation model, which was $5.94 and $6.72 respectively. The cash ROE portion of the EPR grants is first exercisable after the performance period concludes on 30
                        June 2022. The value of the relative TSR portion of the EPRs granted on 5 November 2018 and 29 March 2019 is the fair value at grant date, calculated using the
                        Monte Carlo simulation, which was $2.57 and $3.32 respectively. The relative TSR portion of the EPRs is first exercisable on 30 June 2022. The amount is allocated to
                        remuneration over the years ending 30 June 2019 to 30 June 2022. The value of the NARs granted during the year is the fair value at grant date calculated using the
                        Black-Scholes valuation model. The value of the annual NARs granted on 10 September 2018, 15 November 2018, and 15 December 2018 was $7.74, $7.03 and
                        $6.95 respectively. This amount was allocated to remuneration over the year ended 30 June 2019.
               (3)      Rights vested and exercised during the financial year. The value of the rights exercised is based on the VWAP for the year ended 30 June 2019, which was $7.36.
               (4)      IAG undertook a 0.976 share consolidation which was approved by shareholders on 26 October 2018 and completed on 5 November 2018.
               (5)      David Watts received 108,300 DARs in March 2019 as compensation for incentives forgone on leaving his previous employer.
               (6)      The rights on issue at 30 June for former KMP represent the rights held at the date they ceased to be a KMP.




               38 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               I. LTI awards outstanding during the year ended 30 June 2019
               Details of outstanding LTI awards made to Executives in the year ended 30 June 2019 are shown in the table below.

               TABLE 15 – LTI AWARDS OUTSTANDING DURING THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019
                                                                                                                                                   PERFORMANCE
                                                                                                                                     TEST                HURDLE
               AWARD                                                      GRANT DATE                 BASE DATE                       DATE           ACHIEVEMENT LAST EXERCISE DATE
               2018/2019 Series 6 – TSR(1)                             29/03/2019                01/07/2018               30/06/2022                          N/A            29/03/2026
               2018/2019 Series 6 – ROE(1)                             29/03/2019                01/07/2018               30/06/2022                          N/A            29/03/2026
               2018/2019 Series 6 – TSR(1)                             05/11/2018                01/07/2018               30/06/2022                          N/A            05/11/2025




For personal use only
               2018/2019 Series 6 – ROE(1)                             05/11/2018                01/07/2018               30/06/2022                          N/A            05/11/2025
               2017/2018 Series 6 – TSR(1)                             30/04/2018                30/09/2017               30/09/2021                          N/A            30/04/2025
               2017/2018 Series 6 – ROE(1)                             30/04/2018                01/07/2017               30/06/2020                          N/A            30/04/2025
               2017/2018 Series 6 – TSR(1)                             03/11/2017                30/09/2017               30/09/2021                          N/A            03/11/2024
               2017/2018 Series 6 – ROE(1)                             03/11/2017                01/07/2017               30/06/2020                          N/A            03/11/2024
               2016/2017 Series 6 – TSR(1)                             24/03/2017                30/09/2016               30/09/2020                          N/A            24/03/2024
               2016/2017 Series 6 – ROE(1),(2)                         24/03/2017                01/07/2016               30/06/2019                          N/A            24/03/2024
               2016/2017 Series 6 – TSR(1)                             02/11/2016                30/09/2016               30/09/2020                          N/A            02/11/2023
               2016/2017 Series 6 – ROE(1),(2)                         02/11/2016                01/07/2016               30/06/2019                          N/A            02/11/2023
               2015/2016 Series 6 – TSR(1)                             31/03/2016                30/09/2015               30/09/2019                          N/A            31/03/2023
               2015/2016 Series 6 – ROE(1)                             31/03/2016                01/07/2015               30/06/2018                         100%            31/03/2023
               2015/2016 Series 6 – TSR(1)                             02/11/2015                30/09/2015               30/09/2019                          N/A            02/11/2022
               2015/2016 Series 6 – ROE(1)                             02/11/2015                01/07/2015               30/06/2018                         100%            02/11/2022
               2014/2015 Series 6 – TSR(1)                             03/11/2014                30/09/2014               30/09/2018                          72%            03/11/2021
               (1)      Terms and conditions for LTI Plans from 2014/2015 to 2018/2019 relating to relative TSR and cash ROE are the same; therefore, they are all referred to as Series 6.
               (2)      The cash ROE portion of LTI Plan 2016/2017 has been tested and is expected to vest in full. Vesting details will be included in the Remuneration Report for the year
                        ending 30 June 2020.

               APPENDIX 4. RELATED PARTY INTERESTS
               In accordance with the Corporations Act Regulation 2M.3.03, the Remuneration Report includes disclosure of related parties'
               interests.

               I. Movements in total number of ordinary shares held
               The relevant interests of each KMP and their related parties in ordinary shares of the Company are disclosed in the table below.

               TABLE 16 – MOVEMENT IN TOTAL NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES HELD
                                                                                                                                     NET
                                                                       SHARES               SHARES             SHARES        MOVEMENT OF                                    SHARES
                                                                   RECEIVED ON          RECEIVED ON        RECEIVED ON        SHARES DUE           TOTAL SHARES               HELD
                                               SHARES HELD         EXERCISE OF          EXERCISE OF        EXERCISE OF          TO OTHER                   HELD         NOMINALLY
                                                  AT 1 JULY               DARS                EPRS                NARS       CHANGES(1),(2)           AT 30 JUNE       AT 30 JUNE(3)
                                                   Number              Number               Number             Number             Number                 Number                Number
               2019
               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVES
               Elizabeth Bryan                       62,855                   -                    -             14,226             (1,623)              75,458               75,458
               Duncan Boyle                          32,679                   -                    -                   -              (785)              31,894               31,894
               Hugh Fletcher                         85,256                   -                    -                   -              (233)              85,023               37,129
               Sheila McGregor                             -                  -                    -              7,870                 (84)              7,786                7,786
               Jon Nicholson                         34,589                   -                    -                   -              (828)              33,761               23,584
               Helen Nugent                          20,112                   -                    -                   -             6,518               26,630               26,630
               Tom Pockett                           32,627                   -                    -                   -              (570)              32,057                     -
               George Savvides(4)                          -                  -                    -                   -                   -                   -                    -
               Michelle Tredenick                          -                  -                    -              4,368                    -              4,368                     -
               Peter Harmer                         933,574             85,600              263,328                    -          (150,780)           1,131,722                     -
               Julie Batch                           76,953             26,100               59,010                    -           (68,889)              93,174                     -
               Nicholas Hawkins                     170,000             52,100              191,928                    -          (239,028)             175,000                     -
               Jacki Johnson                        805,817             47,100              204,006                    -           (25,363)           1,031,560              873,134
               Mark Milliner                               -           170,750                     -                   -           (62,678)             108,072                     -
               Craig Olsen                          187,751             26,350               56,996                    -            (6,506)             264,591               14,445
               David Watts(4)                              -                  -                    -                   -                 28                  28                     -




                                                                                                                                                                                         39
                                                                                                                                        NET
                                                                         SHARES               SHARES             SHARES         MOVEMENT OF
                                                                     RECEIVED ON          RECEIVED ON        RECEIVED ON         SHARES DUE           TOTAL SHARES         SHARES HELD
                                                SHARES HELD          EXERCISE OF          EXERCISE OF        EXERCISE OF           TO OTHER                   HELD         NOMINALLY AT
                                                   AT 1 JULY                DARS                EPRS                NARS        CHANGES(1),(2)           AT 30 JUNE           30 JUNE(3)
                                                    Number               Number               Number             Number              Number                 Number              Number
               NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EXECUTIVE WHO CEASED AS KMP(5)
               Philip Twyman         15,522            -           -                                                        -                    -           15,522                  5,742
               Tim Clark                521      14,300      17,250                                                         -                    -           32,071                    521




For personal use only
               (1)      Net movement of shares relates to acquisition and disposal transactions by the KMP and their related parties during the year.
               (2)      IAG undertook a 0.976 share consolidation which was approved by shareholders on 26 October 2018 and completed on 5 November 2018.
               (3)      Shares nominally held are included in the column headed total shares held at 30 June and include those held by the KMP's related parties, inclusive of domestic
                        partner, dependants and entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by the KMP.
               (4)      Opening number of shares held represents the balance as at the date of appointment.
               (5)      Information on shares held is disclosed up to the date of cessation.

               II. Movements in total number of capital notes held
               During the year ended 30 June 2019, Philip Twyman indirectly held 5,109 capital notes (2018: 5,109 capital notes) up to 26
               October 2018 when he ceased to be a KMP. No other KMP had any interest directly or nominally in capital notes during the
               financial year (2018: nil).

               III. Movements in total number of reset exchangeable securities held
               No KMP had any interest directly or nominally in reset exchangeable securities of IAG Finance (New Zealand) Limited at any time
               during the financial year (2018: nil).

               IV. Relevant interest of each Director and their related parties in listed securities of the Group in accordance with the
               Corporations Act 2001

               TABLE 17 – HOLDINGS OF SHARES, CAPITAL NOTES AND RESET EXCHANGEABLE SECURITIES AS AT 30 JUNE 2019
                                           ORDINARY SHARES                    CAPITAL NOTES             RESET EXCHANGEABLE SECURITIES
                                     Held directly(1) Held indirectly(2) Held directly  Held indirectly    Held directly Held indirectly
               Elizabeth Bryan                      -          75,458                -                -                -               -
               Duncan Boyle                         -          31,894                -                -                -               -
               Hugh Fletcher                47,894             37,129                -                -                -               -
               Sheila McGregor                      -           7,786                -                -                -               -
               Jon Nicholson                10,177             23,584                -                -                -               -
               Helen Nugent                         -          26,630                -                -                -               -
               Tom Pockett                  32,057                     -             -                -                -               -
               George Savvides                      -                  -             -                -                -               -
               Michelle Tredenick            4,368                     -             -                -                -               -
               Peter Harmer             1,131,722                      -             -                -                -               -
               (1)      This represents the relevant interest of each Director in ordinary shares issued by the Company, as notified by the Directors to the ASX in accordance with section 205G of
                        the Corporations Act 2001 until the date the financial report was signed. Trading in ordinary shares of the Company is covered by the restrictions which limit the ability of
                        an IAG Director to trade in the securities of the Group where they are in a position to be aware, or are aware, of price sensitive information.
               (2)      These ordinary shares of the Company are held by the Director’s related parties, inclusive of entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by the
                        Directors, as notified by the Directors to the ASX in accordance with section 205G of the Corporations Act 2001.

               APPENDIX 5. KEY TERMS AND DEFINITIONS
               The key terms and definitions used throughout this report are explained below.

               TERM                                            DEFINITION
               Actual remuneration                             The dollar value of remuneration actually received by the Executives in the financial year. This is
                                                               the sum of fixed pay, other benefits and the value of the cash STI earned in the financial year
                                                               plus the value of deferred STI vested during the financial year plus the value of LTI Plan rights
                                                               vested during the year.

               At-risk remuneration                            Remuneration that is dependent on a combination of the financial performance of IAG, the
                                                               Executives' performance against individual measures (financial and non-financial) and continuing
                                                               employment. At-risk remuneration typically includes STI (cash and deferred remuneration) and
                                                               LTI.

               Base salary                                     The cash component of fixed pay.




               40 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               TERM                               DEFINITION
               Cash return on equity (ROE)       Calculated as cash earnings divided by average total shareholders’ equity during the financial
                                                 year. Cash earnings is defined as net profit after tax attributable to owners of the Company plus
                                                 amortisation and impairment of acquired identifiable intangible assets and adjusted for unusual
                                                 items after tax (non-recurring in nature). Cash ROE is used to calculate one half of the outcome
                                                 in the LTI plan.

               Cash STI                          The portion of an Executive’s STI outcome that is paid in the form of cash, following the end-of-
                                                 year assessment and approval by the Board.




For personal use only
               Deferred STI / Deferred Award     For Executives in the 2019 financial year, half of the Total STI is deferred for a period of two years
               Rights (DARs)                     based on continued service. The deferred component is typically paid in the form of Deferred
                                                 Award Rights (DARs). The deferred portion is subject to downward adjustment (also referred to as
                                                 malus) if determined appropriate by the Board.

               Executive Team                    The Executives who report directly to the Group CEO and:
                                                    manage a business unit; or
                                                    have accountability for the risk or financial control of the organisation; or
                                                    have accountability to deliver a strategic priority.

                                                 The Executive Team comprises the following members of IAG’s Group Leadership Team: Chief
                                                 Executive Officer, Australia; Chief Executive, New Zealand; Chief Financial Officer; Chief Risk
                                                 Officer; Chief Customer Officer; and Group Executive, People, Performance and Reputation.

               Executives                        The Group CEO and the Executive Team.

               Fixed pay                         Base salary plus superannuation. Individuals can determine the mix of base salary and
                                                 superannuation they receive in line with legislative requirements.

               Group Balanced Scorecard          The Group Balanced Scorecard sets out the objectives that have to be achieved to meet key
                                                 strategic priorities of the organisation. The Group Balanced Scorecard uses goals set against
                                                 financial and non-financial objectives. Achievement against these objectives is measured and
                                                 this informs the Board's determination of STI outcomes.

               Group CEO                         IAG’s Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer.

               Key management personnel          Persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of
               (KMP)                             the entity, directly or indirectly, including any Director (whether Executive or otherwise) of that
                                                 entity.

               Long-term incentive               A grant of rights in the form of EPRs that are exercisable for ordinary shares of the Company or
               (LTI)/Executive Performance       cash as determined by the Board. Vesting occurs between three and four years after the grant
               Rights (EPRs)                     date if performance hurdles are achieved.

               Malus                             The Board has the ability to reduce the value of deferred remuneration before it has vested,
                                                 including down to zero.

               Non-Executive Director Award      The NARs Plan provides Directors with the opportunity to build their shareholding in IAG. Under
               Rights Plan (NARs Plan)           the NARs Plan, Directors agree to receive a portion of their base Board fee in the form of rights
                                                 over ordinary IAG shares. Participation in the NARs Plan is voluntary.

               People and Remuneration           The Board committee which oversees IAG's remuneration practices.
               Committee (PARC)

               Short-term incentive (STI)        The part of annual at-risk remuneration that is designed to motivate and reward for annual
                                                 performance. STI results are determined by performance against the Group Balanced Scorecard
                                                 and individual goals using both financial and non-financial measures. For Executives in the 2019
                                                 financial year, half of the total STI will be delivered in cash in September following the financial
                                                 year end; and the remaining half will be deferred for a period of two years based on continued
                                                 service.

               Total shareholder return (TSR)    TSR combines share price movements and dividends paid to reflect total return to shareholders.
                                                 IAG uses relative TSR performance against other companies in the peer group to calculate one
                                                 half of the LTI outcome.

               Weighted average cost of capital This is the rate that a company is expected to pay on average to all its securityholders to finance
               (WACC)                           its assets.



                                                                                                                                                   41
               ROUNDING OF AMOUNTS
               Unless otherwise stated, amounts in the financial report and Directors' Report have been rounded to the nearest million dollars.
               The Company is of a kind referred to in the ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191 dated 24 March 2016 issued by the Australian
               Securities and Investments Commission. All rounding has been conducted in accordance with that instrument.

               This report meets the remuneration reporting requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and Accounting Standard AASB 124
               Related Party Disclosures. The term remuneration used in this report has the same meaning as compensation as prescribed in
               AASB 124.

               Signed at Sydney this 8th day of August 2019 in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




For personal use only
               Peter Harmer
               Director




               42 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               LEAD AUDITOR'S INDEPENDENCE
               DECLARATION
               UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE CORPORATIONS ACT 2001




For personal use only
               TO THE DIRECTORS OF INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED

               I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit of Insurance Australia Group Limited for the financial
               year ended 30 June 2019 there have been:
                   no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit;
                    and
                   no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




               KPMG




               Andrew Yates
               Partner


               Sydney
               8 August 2019




                                                                                                                                                                         43
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative ("KPMG
               International"), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
               CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               CONTENTS                                                                       PAGE
               Consolidated statement of comprehensive income                                   45
               Consolidated balance sheet                                                       47
               Consolidated statement of changes in equity                                      48
               Consolidated cash flow statement                                                 49




For personal use only
               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               1         OVERVIEW
               1.1       Introduction                                                          50
               1.2       About this report                                                     51
               1.3       Segment reporting                                                     52

               2          INSURANCE DISCLOSURES
               2.1        General insurance revenue                                            54
               2.2        Claims and reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims    55
               2.3        Investments                                                          59
               2.4        Unearned premium liability                                           61
               2.5        Deferred insurance expenses                                          62
               2.6        Trade and other receivables                                          62
               2.7        Trade and other payables                                             63

               3          RISK
               3.1        Risk and capital management                                          64

               4          CAPITAL STRUCTURE
               4.1        Interest-bearing liabilities                                         74
               4.2        Equity                                                               76
               4.3        Earnings per share                                                   77
               4.4        Dividends                                                            78
               4.5        Derivatives                                                          79

               5          OTHER BALANCE SHEET DISCLOSURES
               5.1        Goodwill and intangible assets                                       80
               5.2        Income tax                                                           83
               5.3        Provisions                                                           85

               6          GROUP STRUCTURE
               6.1        Disposals of businesses                                              86
               6.2        Discontinued operations                                              87
               6.3        Details of subsidiaries                                              89
               6.4        Non-controlling interests                                            89
               6.5        Investment in joint venture and associates                           90
               6.6        Parent entity disclosures                                            91

               7          UNRECOGNISED ITEMS
               7.1        Contingencies                                                        92
               7.2        Commitments                                                          92
               7.3        Events subsequent to reporting date                                  93

               8          ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES
               8.1        Notes to the consolidated cash flow statement                        93
               8.2        Related party disclosures                                            94
               8.3        Remuneration of auditors                                             94
               8.4        Net tangible assets                                                  94
               8.5        Impact of new Australian Accounting Standards issued                 94




               44 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
               COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019
                                                                                             NOTE    2019        2018
                                                                                                        $m          $m
               Gross earned premium                                                          2.1    11,942      11,522




For personal use only
               Outwards reinsurance premium expense                                                 (4,704)     (3,851)
               Net earned premium (i)                                                                7,238       7,671
               Claims expense                                                                       (8,468)     (8,005)
               Reinsurance and other recoveries revenue                                      2.1     3,849       3,388
               Net claims expense (ii)                                                       2.2    (4,619)     (4,617)
               Commission expense                                                                   (1,011)       (970)
               Underwriting expense                                                                 (1,833)     (1,787)
               Reinsurance commission revenue                                                2.1     1,128         880
               Net underwriting expense (iii)                                                       (1,716)     (1,877)
               Underwriting profit (i) + (ii) + (iii)                                                  903       1,177
               Investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                     2.3       339         249
               Investment expenses on assets backing insurance liabilities                              (18)        (19)
               Insurance profit                                                                      1,224       1,407
               Investment income on shareholders' funds                                      2.3       247         177
               Fee and other income                                                                    111         164
               Share of net profit of associates                                                         42          31
               Finance costs                                                                            (94)        (82)
               Fee-based, corporate and other expenses                                                (193)       (284)
               Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in unitholders' funds                   (5)         (3)
               Profit before income tax from continuing operations                                   1,332       1,410
               Income tax expense                                                            5.2      (363)       (384)
               Profit after income tax from continuing operations                                      969       1,026
               Profit/(loss) after income tax from discontinued operations                   6.2       204          (25)
               Profit for the year                                                                   1,173       1,001
               OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(EXPENSE)
               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
               Net movement in foreign currency translation reserve, net of tax                          33         (15)
               Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
               Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax                                      (17)          2
               Other comprehensive income/(expense) from continuing operations, net of tax               16         (13)
               Other comprehensive income from discontinued operations, net of tax           6.2         20           1
               Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                   1,209         989
               PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO
               Shareholders of the Parent – continuing operations                                      871         947
               Shareholders of the Parent – discontinued operations                          6.2       205          (24)
               Non-controlling interests – continuing operations                                        98           79
               Non-controlling interests – discontinued operations                           6.2         (1)          (1)
               Profit for the year                                                                   1,173       1,001
               TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO
               Shareholders of the Parent – continuing operations                                      887         934
               Shareholders of the Parent – discontinued operations                          6.2       225          (23)
               Non-controlling interests – continuing operations                                        98           79
               Non-controlling interests – discontinued operations                           6.2         (1)          (1)
               Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                   1,209         989




                                                                                                                      45
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
               COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                           NOTE          2019           2018
                                                                                                                         cents          cents
               EARNINGS PER SHARE – CONTINUING AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS




For personal use only
               Basic earnings per ordinary share                                                           4.3          46.26           39.06
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share                                                         4.3          44.58           38.30
               EARNINGS PER SHARE – CONTINUING OPERATIONS
               Basic earnings per ordinary share                                                           4.3          37.45           40.08
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share                                                         4.3          36.44           39.26

               The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial
               statements.




               46 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
               AS AT 30 JUNE 2019
                                                                                                            NOTE          2019       2018
                                                                                                                            $m         $m
               ASSETS
               Cash held for operational purposes                                                           8.1            538         448
               Investments                                                                                  2.3         10,684      11,007




For personal use only
               Trade and other receivables                                                                  2.6          4,170       4,085
               Current tax assets                                                                                          107          17
               Assets held for sale                                                                         6.2             61         655
               Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims                                       2.2          5,779       5,422
               Deferred insurance expenses                                                                  2.5          3,451       3,443
               Deferred levies and charges                                                                                 105         136
               Deferred tax assets                                                                          5.2            453         544
               Property and equipment                                                                                      181         180
               Other assets                                                                                                115          89
               Investment in joint venture and associates                                                   6.5            544         557
               Goodwill and intangible assets                                                               5.1          3,098       3,183
               Total assets                                                                                             29,286      29,766
               LIABILITIES
               Trade and other payables                                                                     2.7          2,680       2,592
               Current tax liabilities                                                                                      29         120
               Liabilities held for sale                                                                    6.2             27         444
               Unearned premium liability                                                                   2.4          6,334       6,217
               Outstanding claims liability                                                                 2.2         10,296      10,410
               Non-controlling interests in unitholders' funds                                                             245         239
               Provisions                                                                                   5.3            389         327
               Other liabilities                                                                                           496         516
               Interest-bearing liabilities                                                                 4.1          2,080       1,960
               Total liabilities                                                                                        22,576      22,825
               Net assets                                                                                                6,710       6,941
               EQUITY
               Share capital                                                                                4.2           6,617      7,082
               Treasury shares held in trust                                                                                 (48)       (27)
               Reserves                                                                                                       46          (4)
               Retained earnings                                                                                           (211)      (382)
               Parent interest                                                                                            6,404      6,669
               Non-controlling interests                                                                                    306        272
               Total equity                                                                                               6,710      6,941

               The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                          47
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
               CHANGES IN EQUITY
               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019
                                                                                                  SHARE-
                                                                    TREASURY      FOREIGN         BASED
                                                                      SHARES    CURRENCY         REMUN-                 NON-
                                                           SHARE      HELD IN TRANSLATION       ERATION RETAINED CONTROLLING              TOTAL




For personal use only
                                                          CAPITAL      TRUST     RESERVE        RESERVE EARNINGS   INTERESTS             EQUITY
                                                              $m          $m           $m            $m       $m          $m                $m
               2019
               Balance at the beginning of the
               financial year                              7,082         (27)            (33)         29        (382)           272      6,941
               Profit for the year                              -           -               -           -      1,076             97      1,173
               Other comprehensive
               income/(expense)                                 -           -             53            -        (17)               -        36
               Total comprehensive income for the
               year                                             -           -             53            -      1,059              97     1,209
               Transactions with owners in their
               capacity as owners
               Capital return, including transaction
               costs                                        (465)           -               -            -           -               -     (465)
               Share-based remuneration                         -        (21)               -          (3)         (7)               -       (31)
               Dividends determined and paid                    -           -               -            -      (880)            (72)      (952)
               Investment in subsidiaries                       -           -               -            -         (1)            11          10
               Disposal of subsidiaries                         -           -               -            -           -             (2)         (2)
               Balance at the end of the financial year    6,617         (48)             20          26        (211)           306      6,710

               2018
               Balance at the beginning of the
               financial year                              7,082         (38)            (19)         36        (499)           230      6,792
               Profit for the year                              -           -               -           -        923             78      1,001
               Other comprehensive
               (expense)/income                                 -           -            (14)           -          2                -       (12)
               Total comprehensive (loss)/income for
               the year                                         -           -            (14)           -       925               78       989
               Transactions with owners in their
               capacity as owners
               Share-based remuneration                         -         11                -          (7)         (5)              -        (1)
               Dividends determined and paid                    -           -               -            -      (803)            (36)     (839)
               Balance at the end of the financial year    7,082         (27)            (33)         29        (382)           272      6,941

               The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




               48 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019
                                                                                                         NOTE             2019         2018
                                                                                                                            $m           $m
               CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
               Premium received                                                                                         11,973        11,779
               Reinsurance and other recoveries received                                                                 3,442         3,195




For personal use only
               Claims costs paid                                                                                        (8,670)       (9,006)
               Outwards reinsurance premium expense paid                                                                (4,617)       (4,016)
               Dividends, interest and trust distributions received                                                        492           416
               Finance costs paid                                                                                           (88)          (87)
               Income taxes paid                                                                                          (406)         (379)
               Other operating receipts                                                                                  1,974         1,802
               Other operating payments                                                                                 (3,511)       (3,757)
               Net cash flows from operating activities                                                  8.1               589            (53)
               CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
               Net cash flows on disposal/(acquisition) of subsidiaries and associates                                      407            4
               Net cash flows from sale/(purchase) of investments and plant and equipment                                   668          387
               Net cash flows from investing activities                                                                   1,075          391
               CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
               Outlays for capital, including transaction costs                                                            (465)              -
               Proceeds from borrowings, net of transaction costs                                                           447          348
               Repayment of borrowings                                                                                     (350)            (2)
               Net cash flow from issue and redemption of trust units                                                          1           18
               Dividends paid to shareholders of the Parent                                                                (880)        (803)
               Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                   (72)         (36)
               Net cash flows from financing activities                                                                  (1,319)        (475)
               Net movement in cash held                                                                                    345         (137)
               Effects of exchange rate changes on balances of cash held in foreign currencies                                 8             2
               Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year                                           1,345        1,480
               Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year                                8.1              1,698        1,345

               The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                            49
               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               1. OVERVIEW
               NOTE 1.1 INTRODUCTION
               The financial report is structured to provide prominence to the disclosures that are considered most relevant to the users'
               understanding of the operations, results and financial position of IAG.

               The financial report has been organised into the following sections:




For personal use only
               1. Overview – contains information that affects the financial report as a whole, as well as segment reporting disclosures.
               2. Insurance disclosures – financial statement disclosures considered most relevant to the core insurance activities.
               3. Risk – discusses IAG's exposure to various risks, explains how these affect IAG's financial position and performance and how
                  IAG seeks to manage and mitigate these risks.
               4. Capital structure – provides information about the capital management practices of IAG and related shareholder returns.
               5. Other balance sheet disclosures – discusses other balance sheet items such as goodwill and intangible assets, as well as
                  disclosures in relation to IAG's tax balances.
               6. Group structure – provides a summary of IAG's controlled entities and includes acquisition and divestment disclosure.
               7. Unrecognised items – disclosure of items not recognised in the financial statements at the balance date but which could
                  potentially have a significant impact on IAG's financial position and performance going forward.
               8. Additional disclosures – other disclosures required to comply with Australian Accounting Standards.




               50 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               NOTE 1.2 ABOUT THIS REPORT
               A. CORPORATE INFORMATION
               Insurance Australia Group Limited (Company or Parent), the ultimate parent entity in the Group, is a for-profit company,
               incorporated and domiciled in Australia and limited by shares publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX). Its
               registered office and principal place of business is Level 13, Tower Two, Darling Park, 201 Sussex Street, Sydney, NSW 2000,
               Australia. This financial report covers the consolidated financial statements for the Company and its subsidiaries (IAG or Group) for
               the year ended 30 June 2019.

               A description of the nature of IAG's operations and its principal activities is included in the Directors' Report.




For personal use only
               B. STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
               This general purpose financial report was authorised by the Board of Directors for issue on 8 August 2019 and complies with
               International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), the Corporations
               Act 2001, Australian Accounting Standards (AASBs) adopted by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB), other
               authoritative pronouncements of the AASB and the ASX Listing Rules.

               The current IFRS standard for insurance contracts does not include a comprehensive set of recognition and measurement criteria.
               The IASB has issued a new standard (IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts – adopted as AASB 17 Insurance Contracts in an Australian
               context) that does include such criteria, with the current effective date of 1 January 2021. However since issuing the standard, the
               IASB has agreed to propose a one year delay to the effective date to 1 January 2022. This proposed amendment, along with a
               number of others, have been included in the exposure draft issued on 26 June 2019. This exposure draft is subject to a 90-day
               comment period. Until this standard takes effect, the financial reports of insurers in different countries that comply with IFRS may
               not be comparable in terms of the recognition and measurement of insurance contracts.

               C. BASIS OF PREPARATION
               The financial statements have been prepared on the basis of historical cost principles, as modified by certain exceptions noted in
               the financial report, with the principal exceptions being the measurement of all investments and derivatives at fair value and the
               measurement of the outstanding claims liability and related reinsurance and other recoveries at present value. All values are
               rounded to the nearest million dollars, unless otherwise stated, in accordance with ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191.

               The balance sheet is prepared with the assets and liabilities presented broadly in order of liquidity. The assets and liabilities
               comprise both current amounts (expected to be recovered or settled within 12 months after the reporting date) and non-current
               amounts (expected to be recovered or settled more than 12 months after the reporting date).

               I. Basis of consolidation
               The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all entities controlled by the Company as at 30 June
               2019. A list of significant controlled entities is set out in Note 6.3. IAG controls an investee if it has (i) power over the investee; (ii)
               exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and (iii) the ability to use its power over the investee
               to affect the amount of those returns. Where an entity either began or ceased to be controlled during a financial year, the results
               are included from the date control commenced or up to the date control ceased. The financial information of all subsidiaries is
               prepared for consolidation for the same reporting year as the Parent. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, all inter-
               company balances and transactions, including income, expenses, and profits and losses resulting from intra-group transactions,
               have been eliminated.

               Where a subsidiary is less than wholly owned, the equity interests held by external parties are presented separately as non-
               controlling interests on the consolidated balance sheet, except when presented as a liability where the subsidiary is a trust or
               similar entity. A change in ownership of a controlled entity that results in no gain or loss of control is accounted for as an equity
               transaction.

               II. Presentation and foreign currency
               The financial report is presented in Australian dollars, which is the functional currency of the Company. Foreign currency
               transactions are translated into Australian dollars using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary
               assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at reporting date are translated to Australian dollars using reporting date
               exchange rates. Resulting exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss.

               The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated to Australian dollars using reporting date exchange rates while equity
               items are translated using historical rates. The consolidated statement of comprehensive income and consolidated cash flow
               statement are translated using annual average rates for the reporting year. Exchange rate differences arising on translation are
               recorded directly in equity in the foreign currency translation reserve (FCTR). On the disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative
               amount of exchange differences deferred in the FCTR relating to that foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

               III. Reclassification of comparatives
               Certain items have been reclassified from IAG's prior year financial report to conform to the current year’s presentation basis. The
               reclassifications are:
                    re-presentation of prior year segment information (refer to Note 1.3 and 2.2 for further details).




                                                                                                                                                       51
               D. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES ADOPTED
               The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of this financial report have been applied consistently by all entities in IAG and
               are the same as those applied for the previous reporting year, unless otherwise stated. The financial statements of entities
               operating outside Australia that maintain accounting records in accordance with overseas accounting principles are adjusted where
               necessary to comply with the significant accounting policies of IAG. The significant accounting policies adopted in the preparation
               of this financial report are set out within the relevant note.

               I. Changes in accounting policies
               There were new Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations applicable for the current reporting year, with no material
               financial impact to IAG on adoption. Refer to Note 8.5 for further details.




For personal use only
               II. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
               In the process of applying the significant accounting policies, certain critical accounting estimates and assumptions are applied
               and judgements are made by management, the results of which affect the amounts recognised in the financial statements. The
               estimates and related assumptions are based on experience and other factors that are considered to be reasonable, and are
               reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which they are revised, and future
               periods if relevant. Details of the material estimates and judgements are set out within the relevant note, as outlined below:

                AREAS OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS                                                              REFERENCE
                Claims and reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims                                                      Note 2.2
                Liability adequacy test                                                                                                Note 2.4
                Intangible assets and goodwill impairment testing, initial measurement and useful life                                 Note 5.1
                Income tax and related assets and liabilities                                                                          Note 5.2
                Investment in joint venture and associates impairment testing                                                          Note 6.5


               NOTE 1.3 SEGMENT REPORTING
               IAG has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by the Chief Executive Officer
               (being the chief operating decision maker) in assessing performance and determining the allocation of resources.

               A. REPORTABLE SEGMENTS
               IAG has general insurance operations in Australia and New Zealand. Each division has end-to-end responsibility for delivering the
               customer experience, with responsibility for the customer, product, distribution and operations functions. IAG's operating model
               was refined in the 2018 financial year to create a single Australian division. During the intervening period, the model has
               continued to evolve. As a result of further operational changes implemented during the current reporting period, including changes
               in the internal reports reviewed by the Group Chief Executive Officer, IAG has revised its reportable segments to reflect this
               combined Australian division, which previously comprised the Consumer and Business divisions, with the prior period segment
               information re-presented accordingly.

               The reportable segments for the period ended 30 June 2019 comprise the following business divisions:

               I. Australia
               This segment provides general insurance products to individuals, families and businesses throughout Australia, primarily
               through the NRMA Insurance, SGIO, SGIC and CGU brands, the RACV brand in Victoria (via a distribution and underwriting
               relationship with RACV), the Coles Insurance brand (via a distribution agreement with Coles) and the WFI brand through
               intermediaries including brokers, authorised representatives and distribution partners.

               II. New Zealand
               This segment provides general insurance products underwritten in New Zealand. Insurance products are sold directly to
               customers predominantly under the State and AMI brands, and through intermediaries (insurance brokers and authorised
               representatives) primarily using the NZI and Lumley Insurance brands. General insurance products are also distributed by
               corporate partners, such as large financial institutions, using third party brands.

               III. Corporate and other
               This segment comprises other activities, including corporate services, capital management activity, shareholders’ funds
               investment activities, inward reinsurance from associates, and investment in associates in Malaysia and India. IAG’s captive
               reinsurance operation (captive) is a corporate function that acts as the interface between the external providers of
               reinsurance capital and the operating business divisions. IAG does not manage, or view, the captive as a separate business.
               Consequently, the operating results of the captive are systematically allocated to the operating business segments.




               52 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               B. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                              NEW CORPORATE
                                                                                                                      AUSTRALIA           ZEALAND AND OTHER                    TOTAL
                                                                                                                            $m                 $m        $m                      $m
               2019
               I. Financial performance
               Total external revenue(1)                                                                                    13,919            3,421              318         17,658
               Underwriting profit/(loss)                                                                                       560             354               (11)           903




For personal use only
               Net investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                                                    282              36                  3           321
               Insurance profit/(loss)                                                                                          842             390                 (8)        1,224
               Net investment income on shareholders' funds                                                                         -              -             227             227
               Share of net profit of associates                                                                                   2               -               40              42
               Finance costs                                                                                                        -              -              (94)            (94)
               Other net operating result                                                                                         (1)              -              (66)            (67)
               Total segment result from continuing operations                                                                  843             390                99          1,332
               Income tax expense                                                                                                                                               (363)
               Profit for the year from continuing operations                                                                                                                    969

               II. Other segment information
               Capital expenditure(2)                                                                                               -                -           123             123
               Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                            116               54                 -           170

               2018(3)
               I. Financial performance
               Total external revenue(1)                                                                                    12,907            3,267              237         16,411
               Underwriting profit/(loss)                                                                                      975              209                 (7)        1,177
               Net investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                                                   215                9                  6           230
               Insurance profit/(loss)                                                                                       1,190              218                 (1)        1,407
               Net investment income on shareholders' funds                                                                        -               -             165             165
               Share of net profit of associates                                                                                  2                -               29              31
               Finance costs                                                                                                       -               -              (82)            (82)
               Other net operating result                                                                                        (5)               -            (106)           (111)
               Total segment result from continuing operations                                                               1,187              218                  5         1,410
               Income tax expense                                                                                                                                               (384)
               Profit for the year from continuing operations                                                                                                                  1,026

               II. Other segment information
               Capital expenditure(2)                                                                                               -                -           155             155
               Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                            114               51                 -           165
               (1)      Total external revenue comprises gross earned premium, reinsurance and other recoveries, reinsurance commission revenue, investment income on assets backing
                        insurance liabilities, investment income on shareholders' funds, fee and other income and share of net profit/(loss) of associates.
               (2)      Capital expenditure includes acquisitions of property and equipment, intangibles and other non-current segment assets.
               (3)      Prior year comparatives have been re-presented due to the revision to reportable segments.




                                                                                                                                                                                  53
               2. INSURANCE DISCLOSURES
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section provides an overview of IAG's general insurance operations, which are the main driver of IAG's overall performance
               and financial position.

               IAG collects premium and recognises revenue for the insurance policies it underwrites. From this, IAG pays amounts to customers
               on settlement of insurance claims, with the claims expense representing the largest cost to IAG, as well as operating costs, which
               include the costs associated with obtaining and recording insurance contracts.




For personal use only
               To mitigate IAG's overall risk and optimise its return profile, IAG passes some of its underwriting exposure to third parties (primarily
               reinsurance companies). The premiums paid to reinsurers are an expense to IAG, whereas recoveries under the reinsurance
               contracts are recognised as revenue. These recoveries can either be in relation to operating costs (reinsurance commission) or
               underwriting risk (reinsurance recoveries).

               Investment activities are an integral part of the insurance business. The funds received from the collection of premium are
               invested as a key source of return for IAG under a sound investment philosophy. IAG starts investing insurance premiums as soon
               as they are collected and continues to generate returns until claims or other expenses are paid out.

               The underwriting result measures the profit (or loss) generated from underwriting activities in a given period. The insurance
               result, which is a key performance metric, adds the net investment return to the underwriting result to derive the overall pre-tax
               profit (or loss) from insurance operations.


               NOTE 2.1 GENERAL INSURANCE REVENUE
                                                                                                                                2019           2018
                                                                                                                                  $m             $m
               A. COMPOSITION
               Gross written premium                                                                                          12,005         11,647
               Movement in unearned premium liability                                                                             (63)         (125)
               Gross earned premium                                                                                           11,942         11,522
               Reinsurance and other recoveries revenue                                                                        3,849          3,388
               Reinsurance commission revenue                                                                                  1,128            880
               Total general insurance revenue                                                                                16,919         15,790

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               I. Premium revenue
               Premiums written are earned through the profit or loss in line with the incidence of the pattern of risk. The majority of premium is
               earned according to the passage of time (e.g. for a one-year policy, 1/365th of premium written will be earned each day).

               II. Reinsurance and other recoveries
               The recognition and measurement criteria for reinsurance and other recoveries revenue is referred to in Note 2.2.

               III. Reinsurance commission revenue
               Reinsurance commission revenue includes reimbursements by reinsurers to cover a share of IAG’s operating costs and, where
               applicable, fee income which reinsurers pay for accessing IAG's franchise. These income items are recognised broadly in line with
               the reference premium over the term of the reinsurance agreements. Where applicable, the reinsurance commission revenue also
               includes income which is based on the expected profitability of the covered business ceded to the reinsurer. The final value of the
               variable commission revenue recognised is subject to the achievement of a specified underlying profitability hurdle rate over time.
               This variable revenue is recognised over the term of the reinsurance contract on a straight-line, or other systematic basis, in
               accordance with the terms of the contract, and is reassessed at each reporting date.




               54 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               NOTE 2.2 CLAIMS AND REINSURANCE AND OTHER RECOVERIES ON OUTSTANDING CLAIMS
               A. NET CLAIMS EXPENSE
                                                                                                  2019                                            2018
                                                             Current year     Prior years         Total Current year      Prior years             Total
                                                                       $m             $m            $m           $m               $m                $m
               Gross claims – undiscounted                         8,826            (779)        8,047       8,585              (675)            7,910
               Discount                                               (52)           473           421         (114)             209                95
               Gross claims – discounted                           8,774            (306)        8,468       8,471              (466)            8,005
               Reinsurance and other recoveries –




For personal use only
               undiscounted                                        (3,864)            325       (3,539)        (3,304)            (18)       (3,322)
               Discount                                                28            (338)        (310)            57           (123)            (66)
               Reinsurance and other recoveries –
               discounted                                          (3,836)             (13)     (3,849)        (3,247)          (141)        (3,388)
               Net claims expense                                   4,938            (319)       4,619          5,224           (607)         4,617

               B. NET OUTSTANDING CLAIMS LIABILITY
               I. Composition of net outstanding claims liability
                                                                                                                               2019           2018
                                                                                                                                 $m             $m
               Gross central estimate – discounted                                                                             7,870          8,267
               Reinsurance and other recoveries – discounted                                                                  (4,426)        (4,377)
               Net central estimate – discounted                                                                               3,444          3,890
               Claims handling costs – discounted                                                                                355            364
               Risk margin                                                                                                       718            734
               Net outstanding claims liability – discounted                                                                   4,517          4,988

               The gross outstanding claims liability includes $5,532 million (2018: $5,756 million) which is expected to be settled more than 12
               months from the reporting date.

               The carrying value of reinsurance and other recoveries includes $3,227 million (2018: $3,214 million) which is expected to be
               settled more than 12 months from the reporting date.

               II. Reconciliation of movements in net discounted outstanding claims liability
                                                                                                                               2019          2018
                                                                                                                                  $m            $m
               Net outstanding claims liability at the beginning of the financial year                                         4,988         6,113
               Movement in the prior year central estimate                                                                      (116)         (244)
               Current year claims incurred, net of reinsurance and other recoveries                                           4,611         4,979
               Claims paid, net of reinsurance and other recoveries received                                                  (5,111)       (5,644)
               Movement in discounting                                                                                           143             67
               Movement in risk margin                                                                                            (20)        (143)
               Transfers to liabilities held for sale                                                                                -        (105)
               Net movement of discontinued operations                                                                               -            (8)
               Net foreign currency movements                                                                                      22           (27)
               Net outstanding claims liability at the end of the financial year                                               4,517         4,988
               Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims liability                                                5,779         5,422
               Gross outstanding claims liability at the end of the financial year                                            10,296        10,410

               III. Maturity analysis
               Refer to Note 3.1 for details of the maturity profile of the estimated net discounted outstanding claims liability based on the
               remaining term to payment at the reporting date.

               IV. Development table
               Claims will often take a number of years to be settled from the date the original loss occurred. The following table shows the
               development of the net undiscounted ultimate claims estimate for the ten most recent accident years and a reconciliation to the
               net discounted outstanding claims liability. This table provides the user with an overview of how IAG's estimates of total claim
               amounts payable in relation to a given year have evolved over time. If the estimate of ultimate claims in relation to a given
               accident year declines over time, this suggests claims have developed more favourably than was anticipated at the time the original
               reserving assumptions were set.




                                                                                                                                                     55
               Where an entity or business that includes an outstanding claims liability has been acquired, the claims for the acquired businesses
               are included in the claims development table from and including the year of acquisition. The outstanding claims liability includes
               international operations. For ease of comparison within the claims development table, all payments not denominated in Australian
               dollars have been converted to Australian dollars using the applicable exchange rates at the reporting dates. Therefore, the claims
               development table disclosed each reporting year cannot be reconciled directly to the equivalent tables presented in previous years'
               financial statements.
               During the prior financial year, IAG announced the sale of its consolidated businesses in Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia with the
               sale of its Thailand operations completing in the current financial year. The development table below includes claims related to the
               Thailand operations up to the 2018 accident year but not beyond. Claims related to Vietnam and Indonesia are included up to the
               2019 accident year and any outstanding claims relating to these businesses have been treated as paid in the table below within




For personal use only
               item (1).

                                                                                                                                     ACCIDENT YEAR
                                     2009
                                       and
                                      prior  2010          2011      2012     2013     2014      2015     2016     2017     2018      2019     Total
                                       $m       $m           $m        $m       $m       $m        $m       $m       $m       $m        $m      $m
               NET ULTIMATE CLAIM PAYMENTS
               Development
               At end of accident
               year                          4,709         5,064     5,276    5,226    5,677     6,367    5,027    5,339    4,554    3,985
               One year later                4,683         5,179     5,349    5,151    5,682     6,290    4,979    5,285    4,467
               Two years later               4,581         5,222     5,289    5,069    5,595     6,225    4,920    5,249
               Three years later             4,531         5,253     5,199    4,989    5,455     6,108    4,859
               Four years later              4,479         5,465     5,147    4,909    5,385     6,105
               Five years later              4,426         5,537     5,087    4,890    5,367
               Six years later               4,390         5,551     5,077    4,892
               Seven years later             4,360         5,648     5,090
               Eight years later             4,353         5,649
               Nine years later              4,355
               Current estimate of
               net ultimate claim
               payments                      4,355         5,649     5,090    4,892    5,367     6,105    4,859    5,249    4,467    3,985
               Cumulative payments
               made to date(1)               4,311         5,538     5,012    4,769    5,200     5,852    4,551    4,845    3,904    2,669
               Net undiscounted
               outstanding claims
               liability              152       44           111       78      123       167      253      308      404       563    1,316     3,519
               Discount to present
               value                     (4)     (1)           (3)      (2)      (4)       (5)      (8)      (7)     (10)     (13)      (18)     (75)
               Net discounted
               outstanding claims
               liability              148       43           108       76      119       162      245      301      394       550    1,298     3,444
               Reconciliation
               Claims handling costs                                                                                                             355
               Risk margin                                                                                                                       718
               Net outstanding claims liability                                                                                                4,517

               C. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               I. Outstanding claims liability and claims expense
               Claims expense represents the sum of claim payments and the movement in the closing outstanding claims liability from one
               financial period to the next. Current year claims relate to loss events that occurred during the current financial year. Prior year
               claims represent the movement on the estimates held for claims that occurred in all previous financial periods.

               The outstanding claims liability is determined based on three building blocks:
                  a central estimate of the future cash flows;
                  discounting for the effect of the time value of money; and
                  adding a risk margin for uncertainty.




               56 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               a. CENTRAL ESTIMATE OF THE FUTURE CASH FLOWS
               The outstanding claims liability is measured as the central estimate of the expected future payments relating to claims incurred
               prior to the reporting date including direct and indirect claims handling costs. The liability is measured based on the advice and/or
               valuations performed by, or under the direction of, the Appointed Actuary, and is intended to contain no deliberate or conscious
               bias toward over or under-estimation. Given the uncertainty in establishing the liability, it is likely that the final outcome will differ
               from the original liability established. Changes in claim estimates are recognised in profit or loss in the reporting year in which the
               estimates are changed.

               b. DISCOUNTING
               Projected future claim payments, both gross and net of reinsurance and other recoveries and associated claims handling costs, are
               discounted to a present value using risk free discount rates (derived from market yields on government securities) to reflect the




For personal use only
               time value of money.

               c. RISK MARGIN
               Given the uncertainty inherent in estimating future claim payments, it is considered appropriate to add a risk margin to the central
               estimate of expected future claim payments. The risk margin represents the amount by which the liability recognised in the
               financial statements is greater than the actuarial central estimate. IAG currently applies a 90% probability of adequacy to the
               outstanding claims liability. In effect this means there is approximately a 1-in-10 chance all future claim payments will exceed the
               overall reserve held.

               Uncertainties surrounding the liability estimation process include those relating to the available data, actuarial models and
               assumptions, the statistical uncertainty associated with a general insurance claims run-off process, and risks external to IAG, for
               example the impact of potential future legislative reform. Uncertainty from these sources is examined for each class of business
               and expressed as a volatility measure relative to the net central estimate. The volatility measure for each class is derived after
               consideration of statistical modelling and benchmarking to industry analyses. Certain product classes may be subject to the
               emergence of new types of latent claims, and such uncertainties are considered when setting the volatility and hence the risk
               margin appropriate for those classes.

               Long-tail classes of business generally have the highest volatilities for outstanding claims as the longer average time for claims to
               be reported and settled allows more time for sources of uncertainty to emerge. Short-tail classes generally have lower levels of
               volatility for outstanding claims.

               IAG benefits from holding a portfolio diversified into many classes of business across different regions. The risk margin required to
               provide a given probability of adequacy for two or more classes of business or for two or more geographic locations combined is
               likely to be less than the sum of risk margins for the individual classes. This reflects the benefit of diversification. The level of
               diversification assumed between classes takes into account industry analysis, historical experience and the judgement of
               experienced and qualified actuaries.

               The current risk margin and resultant overall probability of adequacy for the outstanding claims, which has been determined after
               assessing the inherent uncertainty in the central estimate, diversification and risks in the prevailing environment, is set out below:

                                                                                                                                  2019           2018
                                                                                                                                     %              %
               The percentage risk margin applied to the net outstanding claims liability                                           19             17
               The probability of adequacy of the risk margin                                                                       90              90

               II. Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims
               Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims are recognised as income with the corresponding asset being recognised
               on the balance sheet. Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims are measured at the present value (discounted
               using appropriate risk free discount rates) of the expected future receipts due as a result of the reinsurance protection that IAG has
               in place. The reporting date balance also includes the net goods and services tax (GST) receivable on outstanding claims.

               D. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
               I. Outstanding claims liability
               The estimation of the outstanding claims liability involves a number of key assumptions and is the most critical accounting
               estimate. The process involves using IAG's specific data, relevant industry data and general economic data. Each class of business
               is usually examined separately, and the process involves consideration of a large number of factors, including the risks to which the
               business is exposed at a point in time, claim frequencies and average claim sizes, historical trends in the incidence and
               development of claims reported and finalised, as well as legal, social and economic factors that may affect each class of business.




                                                                                                                                                     57
               The following ranges of key actuarial assumptions were used in the measurement of outstanding claims and recoveries, where
               appropriate, within the operating segments at the reporting date.

               ASSUMPTION                                                                                                                AUSTRALIA          NEW ZEALAND
               2019
               Discounted average term to settlement                                                                                    2.06 years            1.03 years
               Inflation rate                                                                                                           0.0%-4.3%                   2.2%
               Superimposed inflation rate                                                                                              0.0%-5.0%                   0.0%
               Discount rate                                                                                                            0.9%-3.5%             1.5%-2.2%




For personal use only
               Claims handling costs ratio                                                                                                    4.4%                  4.9%

               2018*
               Discounted average term to settlement                                                                                      1.9 years              1.0 year
               Inflation rate                                                                                                            0.0%-4.3%                  1.9%
               Superimposed inflation rate                                                                                               0.0%-5.0%                  0.0%
               Discount rate                                                                                                             1.5%-4.2%             1.8%-3.6%
               Claims handling costs ratio                                                                                                    4.5%                  3.9%
               *        Prior year comparatives have been re-presented due to the revision to reportable segments. Refer to Note 1.3 for further details.

               a. DISCOUNTED AVERAGE TERM TO SETTLEMENT
               The discounted average term to settlement provides a summary indication of the expected future cash flow pattern for claims
               (inflated and discounted). It is calculated by class of business and is generally based on historical settlement patterns. A decrease
               in the discounted average term to settlement would reflect claims being paid sooner than anticipated and so would increase the
               claims expense. Note that this sensitivity test only extends or shortens the term of the payments assumed in the valuation, without
               changing the total nominal amount of the payments.

               b. INFLATION RATE AND SUPERIMPOSED INFLATION
               Payments of claims outstanding at the reporting date are to be made in the future and so need to take account of expected
               increases in the underlying cost of final claims settlements due to inflationary pressures. Economic inflation assumptions are set
               by reference to current economic indicators. Superimposed inflation tends to occur due to wider societal trends such as the cost of
               court settlements increasing at a faster rate than the economic inflation rate.

               c. DISCOUNT RATE
               An increase or decrease in the assumed discount rate will have a corresponding decrease or increase (respectively) on the claims
               expense recognised in the profit or loss.

               d. CLAIMS HANDLING COSTS RATIO
               This reflects the cost to administer future claims. The ratio is generally calculated with reference to the historical experience of
               claims handling costs as a percentage of past payments, together with budgeted future costs.

               II. Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims
               The measurement of reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims is an inherently uncertain process involving
               estimates. The amounts are generally calculated using actuarial assumptions and methods similar to those used for the
               outstanding claims liability, with appropriate consideration of the credit risk of the counterparty. Accordingly, the valuation of
               outstanding reinsurance recoveries is subject to largely similar risks and uncertainties as the valuation of the related outstanding
               claims liability. Significant individual losses, for example those relating to catastrophe events, are analysed on a case-by-case
               basis.




               58 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               E. SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS
               The impact on the divisional net outstanding claims liabilities (net of reinsurance recoveries) before income tax to changes in key
               actuarial assumptions is summarised below. Each change has been calculated in isolation of the other changes, and without
               regard to other balance sheet changes that may occur simultaneously. The movements are stated in absolute terms where the
               base assumption is a percentage or average term.

                                                                                                             MOVEMENT IN
                                                                                                              ASSUMPTION                         AUSTRALIA                 NEW ZEALAND
                                                                                                                                                       $m                           $m
               2019




For personal use only
               Discounted average term to settlement                                                                     +10%                                 (9)                   (1)
                                                                                                                          -10%                                 9                     1
               Inflation rate                                                                                              +1%                               79                      4
                                                                                                                            -1%                             (76)                    (4)
               Discount rate                                                                                               +1%                              (79)                    (4)
                                                                                                                            -1%                              84                      4
               Claims handling costs ratio                                                                                 +1%                               88                      6
                                                                                                                            -1%                             (88)                    (6)

               2018*
               Discounted average term to settlement                                                                     +10%                               (20)                    (1)
                                                                                                                          -10%                               20                      1
               Inflation rate                                                                                              +1%                               81                      5
                                                                                                                            -1%                             (79)                    (4)
               Discount rate                                                                                               +1%                              (80)                    (4)
                                                                                                                            -1%                              85                      4
               Claims handling costs ratio                                                                                 +1%                               89                      9
                                                                                                                            -1%                             (89)                    (9)
               *        Prior year comparatives have been re-presented due to the revision to reportable segments. Refer to Note 1.3 for further details.


               NOTE 2.3 INVESTMENTS
                                                                                                                                                                    2019         2018
                                                                                                                                                                      $m           $m

               A. INVESTMENT INCOME
               Dividend revenue                                                                                                                                        49           42
               Interest revenue                                                                                                                                      301          320
               Trust revenue                                                                                                                                           50           37
               Realised net losses                                                                                                                                    (35)         (33)
               Unrealised net gains                                                                                                                                  221            60
               Total investment income                                                                                                                               586          426
               Represented by
               Investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                                                                                             339          249
               Investment income on shareholders’ funds                                                                                                              247          177
                                                                                                                                                                     586          426




                                                                                                                                                                                    59
                                                                                                                                2019           2018
                                                                                                                                  $m             $m
               B. INVESTMENT COMPOSITION
               I. Interest-bearing investments
               Cash and short-term money                                                                                        1,121            753
               Government and semi-government bonds                                                                               664            933
               Corporate bonds and notes                                                                                        5,554          5,896
               Subordinated securities                                                                                          1,086          1,333
               Other                                                                                                              279            253




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                8,704          9,168
               II. Equity investments (includes exposure to convertible securities)
               Listed                                                                                                           1,051          1,049
               Unlisted                                                                                                           729            683
                                                                                                                                1,780          1,732
               III. Other investments
               Other trusts                                                                                                      190             107
               Derivatives                                                                                                        10                -
                                                                                                                                 200             107
               Total investments                                                                                              10,684          11,007

               C. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Investment revenue is brought to account on an accruals basis. Revenue on investments in equity securities and property trusts is
               deemed to accrue on the date the dividends/distributions are declared, which for listed equity securities is deemed to be the ex-
               dividend date.

               Investments comprise assets held to back insurance liabilities (policyholder funds that represent assets available for future
               settlement of outstanding claims) and assets that represent shareholders' funds. The investment funds themselves are
               predominantly generated from the collection of insurance premiums. The allocation of investments between policyholder funds
               and shareholders' funds is regularly monitored and the portfolio rebalanced accordingly. To determine the allocation, IAG’s
               investment funds under management are compared to the technical provisions of IAG, which includes insurance liabilities. The
               policyholder funds are allocated to back the technical provisions, with the excess representing shareholders' funds.

               All investments are designated at fair value through profit or loss. Investments are recorded and subsequently remeasured to fair
               value at each reporting date. Changes in the fair value are recognised as realised or unrealised investment gains or losses in profit
               or loss. IAG recognises transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels (described below) as at the end of the
               reporting year. Purchases and sales of investments are recognised on a trade date basis, being the date on which a commitment is
               made to purchase or sell the asset. Transaction costs for purchases of investments are expensed as incurred. Investments are
               derecognised when the rights to receive future cash flows from the assets have expired, or have been transferred, and substantially
               all the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred.

               The inputs used to determine the fair value for securities recognised under each level of the fair value hierarchy is set out below.

               I. Level 1 quoted prices
               The fair value is determined by reference to quoted prices (mid-market) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. For
               IAG, this category includes government securities and listed equities.

               II. Level 2 other observable inputs
               The fair value is determined by reference to quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities or by reference to other
               significant inputs that are not quoted prices but are based on observable market data, for example interest rate yield curves
               observable at commonly quoted intervals. For IAG, this category primarily includes corporate and other fixed interest securities
               where the market is considered to be lacking sufficient depth to be considered active.

               III. Level 3 unobservable inputs
               The fair value is determined using valuation techniques in which a number of the significant inputs are not based on observable
               market data. Level 3 investments are primarily invested in interest-bearing instruments and unlisted equity held via unlisted trusts.
               The fair value of these unlisted trusts is based on the net asset value as advised by the external investment manager of these
               funds who has responsibility for the valuation of the underlying securities. The investment manager may use various valuation
               techniques in the determination of fair value based on a range of internal, external and third party inputs where available. This
               category also includes IAG's unlisted equity interest in Bohai Property Insurance Company Limited (Bohai). The fair value of Bohai
               is supported by comparable industry transaction multiples observed in the local market. During the current financial year, in
               addition to changes in fair value, movements in level 3 investments included:
                    purchases of $369 million (2018: nil) and sales of $133 million (2018: nil) in interest-bearing instruments; and
                    purchases of $94 million (2018: $181 million) in unlisted equity with no sales in the current financial year (2018: $9 million).




               60 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               The table below separates the total investment balance by hierarchy category:

                                                                                     LEVEL 1           LEVEL 2            LEVEL 3              TOTAL
                                                                                         $m                $m                 $m                 $m
               2019
               Interest-bearing investments                                            2,256             6,169                279              8,704
               Equity investments                                                      1,051               315                414              1,780
               Other investments                                                            -              200                   -               200
                                                                                       3,307             6,684                693             10,684




For personal use only
               2018
               Interest-bearing investments                                            2,169             6,998                  1              9,168
               Equity investments                                                      1,049               341                342              1,732
               Other investments                                                            -              107                   -               107
                                                                                       3,218             7,446                343             11,007

               NOTE 2.4 UNEARNED PREMIUM LIABILITY
                                                                                                                                2019            2018
                                                                                                                                  $m              $m
               A. RECONCILIATION OF MOVEMENTS
               Unearned premium liability at the beginning of the financial year                                                6,217           6,331
               Deferral of premiums written during the financial year                                                           6,147           5,915
               Earning of premiums written in previous financial years                                                         (6,084)         (5,790)
               Net premiums earned and written on discontinued operations                                                            -               (3)
               Transfers to liabilities held for sale                                                                                -           (206)
               Net foreign exchange movements                                                                                      54              (30)
               Unearned premium liability at the end of the financial year                                                      6,334           6,217

               The carrying value of unearned premium liability includes $69 million (2018: $133 million) which is expected to be earned more
               than 12 months from reporting date.

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Unearned premium is the portion of premium income that has yet to be recognised in the profit or loss (i.e. unexpired portion for
               risks underwritten) and is calculated based on the term of the risk and in accordance with the expected pattern of the incidence of
               risk underwritten, using an appropriate pro-rata method.

               C. ADEQUACY OF UNEARNED PREMIUM LIABILITY
               I. Liability adequacy test (LAT)
               The LAT assesses the adequacy of the carrying amount of the net unearned premium liability to settle future claims. To determine
               if any deficiency exists, estimates of future claim costs (premium liabilities net of reinsurance) are compared to the unearned
               premium liability (net of reinsurance and related deferred acquisition costs). If the future claim costs exceed the net premium
               liabilities, then a deficiency exists. Any deficiency is recognised immediately in profit or loss, with the corresponding impact on the
               balance sheet recognised first through the write-down of deferred acquisition costs for the relevant portfolio of contracts and then
               through the establishment of a provision (unexpired risk liability).

               The LAT is required to be conducted at the level of a portfolio of contracts that are subject to broadly similar risks and that are
               managed together as a single portfolio. IAG defines 'broadly similar risks' at a level where policies are affected by one or more
               common risk factors, including natural peril events, general weather conditions, economic conditions, inflationary movements,
               legal and regulatory changes as well as legislative reforms, reinsurance cost changes and variation in other input costs. IAG
               defines 'managed together' at a segment level as the respective divisional CEOs collectively manage the entire portfolio within their
               control. The LAT is currently performed at the segment level for Australia and New Zealand. The Australia segment previously
               comprised the Consumer and Business divisions (refer to Note 1.3 for further details).

               The LAT at reporting date resulted in a surplus for IAG (2018: surplus for IAG), with the table below providing details of the net
               premium liabilities (net of reinsurance and adjusted for appropriate risk margin) used in the LAT:

                                                                                                                                2019            2018
                                                                                                                                   $m              $m
               Net central estimate of present value of expected cash flows on future claims                                    2,783           2,718
               Risk margin of the present value of expected future cash flows                                                      67              66
                                                                                                                                2,850           2,784
               Risk margin percentage                                                                                            2.4%           2.4%
               Probability of adequacy                                                                                          60.0%          60.0%



                                                                                                                                                    61
               II. Significant accounting estimates and judgements
               The LAT is conducted using the central estimate of the premium liabilities, applying a methodology consistent for reporting to APRA,
               which requires an estimation of the present value of future net cash flows (relating to future claims arising from the rights and
               obligations under current general insurance contracts) and adjusted for an appropriate risk margin for uncertainty in the central
               estimate for each portfolio of contracts. The test is based on prospective information and so is heavily dependent on assumptions
               and judgements.
               The risk margin used in the LAT for individual portfolios is calculated by using a probability of adequacy (POA) methodology including
               diversification benefit, which is consistent with that used for the determination of the risk margin for the outstanding claims
               liability, based on assessments of the levels of risk in each portfolio. The 60% POA represented by the LAT differs from the 90%
               POA represented by the outstanding claims liability as the former is in effect an impairment test used only to test the sufficiency of




For personal use only
               net unearned premium liabilities, whereas the latter is a measurement accounting policy used in determining the carrying value of
               the outstanding claims liability. The process used to determine the risk margin, including the way in which diversification of risks
               has been allowed for, is explained in Note 2.2.

               NOTE 2.5 DEFERRED INSURANCE EXPENSES
                                                                             DEFERRED ACQUISITION                      DEFERRED OUTWARDS                             TOTAL DEFERRED
                                                                                         COSTS(1)                   REINSURANCE EXPENSE(2)                      INSURANCE EXPENSES
                                                                                2019        2018                         2019       2018                          2019         2018
                                                                                  $m           $m                          $m         $m                            $m           $m
               A. RECONCILIATION OF MOVEMENTS
               At the beginning of the financial
               year                                                                    949              1,020               2,494              1,750               3,443               2,770
               Costs deferred                                                        1,832              1,809               4,704              4,662               6,536               6,471
               Amortisation charged to profit                                       (1,862)            (1,835)             (4,704)            (3,851)             (6,566)             (5,686)
               Transfers to assets held for sale                                          -                (37)                  -                (74)                  -               (111)
               Net costs earned and written on
               discontinued operations                                                      -                (2)                  -                25                     -                23
               Net foreign exchange movements                                              9                 (6)                29                (18)                  38                (24)
               Deferred costs at the end of the
               financial year                                                          928                 949              2,523              2,494               3,451               3,443
               (1)      The carrying value of deferred acquisition costs includes $9 million (2018: $27 million) which is expected to be amortised more than 12 months from reporting date.
               (2)      The carrying value of deferred outwards reinsurance expense includes $43 million (2018: $101 million) which is expected to be amortised more than 12 months from
                        reporting date.

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               I. Acquisition costs
               Acquisition costs are incurred in obtaining and recording general insurance contracts, which include advertising expenses,
               commission or brokerage paid to agents or brokers, premium collection costs, risk assessment costs and other administrative
               costs. These costs are initially capitalised and then expensed in line with the earning pattern of the related premium. Deferred
               acquisition costs at the reporting date represent the acquisition costs relating to unearned premium.
               II. Outwards reinsurance expense
               Premium ceded to reinsurers is recognised as an expense in accordance with the pattern of reinsurance service received. The
               outwards reinsurance premium relating to unearned premium is treated as a prepayment at the reporting date.

               NOTE 2.6 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                                                                                   2019               2018
                                                                                                                                                                     $m                 $m
               A. COMPOSITION
               I. Premium receivable
               Gross premium receivable                                                                                                                           3,784               3,622
               Provision for impairment                                                                                                                              (37)                (33)
               Net premium receivable                                                                                                                             3,747               3,589
               II. Trade and other receivables(1)
               Reinsurance recoveries on paid claims                                                                                                                 82                  92
               Loan to associates(2)                                                                                                                                102                  99
               Investment-related receivables                                                                                                                       135                 124
               Trade and other debtors                                                                                                                              104                 181
               Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                          423                 496
                                                                                                                                                                  4,170               4,085
               (1)      Other than the loan to associates, receivables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled between 30 days and 12 months. The balance has not been discounted
                        as the time value of money effect is not material. The net carrying amount of receivables is a reasonable approximation of the fair value of the assets due to the short-
                        term nature of the assets. On transition to AASB 9 an assessment of the lifetime expected credit losses has been performed on the relevant trade and other
                        receivables, and the existing provision is sufficient when considering the lifetime expected credit losses associated with these assets.
               (2)      This loan is denominated in Malaysian ringgit and has a fixed term of 15 years from 21 September 2012. A cumulative preference dividend of 1% is payable annually.
                        The loan relates to IAG's increased investment in AmGeneral to acquire Kurnia during the financial year ended 30 June 2013.

               62 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Trade and other receivables are measured at amortised cost reflecting the net recoverable amounts inclusive of GST. The amounts
               are discounted where the time value of money effect is material.

               On initial recognition of trade and other receivables an assessment of lifetime expected credit losses is performed based on
               historical credit loss experience adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.
               Amounts are then provided for where required with the impairment charge recognised in profit or loss. These lifetime expected
               credit losses are then assessed on an ongoing basis. Balances are written off when IAG has stopped pursuing the recovery. If the
               amount to be written off is greater than the amount provided for, the difference will first be treated as an increase in the provision
               that is applied against the gross carrying amount. Any subsequent recoveries are credited to profit or loss. The receivables that
               were written off during the reporting period were insignificant, and therefore there has been no change to the provision for




For personal use only
               expected credit losses associated with trade and other receivables. Receivables from insurance and reinsurance contracts are not
               required to be assessed for expected credit losses under AASB 9, however amounts are provided for where appropriate. Refer to
               Note 3.1 for further details.

               NOTE 2.7 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                                                                                    2019               2018
                                                                                                                                                                      $m                 $m
               A. COMPOSITION
               I. Reinsurance premium payable(1)                                                                                                                   1,213              1,157
               II. Trade creditors(2)
               Commissions payable                                                                                                                                    269                275
               Stamp duty payable                                                                                                                                     132                130
               GST payable on premium receivable                                                                                                                      182                175
               Corporate treasury derivatives payable                                                                                                                    -                14
               Other(3)                                                                                                                                               398                321
                                                                                                                                                                      981                915
               III. Other payables(2)
               Other creditors and accruals                                                                                                                          437                403
               Investment creditors                                                                                                                                   45                113
               Interest payable on interest-bearing liabilities                                                                                                        4                  4
                                                                                                                                                                     486                520
                                                                                                                                                                   2,680              2,592
               (1)      IAG has a right of offset and settles on a net basis under the 20% quota share agreement with National Indemnity Company, a Berkshire Hathaway (BH) company, and
                        under the combined 12.5% quota share agreements with Munich Re, Swiss Re and Hannover Re. This balance includes reinsurance premium payable to BH of $1,202
                        million (2018: $1,166 million) and the combined 12.5% quota share agreement counterparties of $756 million (2018: $727 million), which have been offset with
                        receivables due from BH of $694 million (2018: $650 million) and the combined 12.5% quota share agreement counterparties of $375 million (2018: $294 million),
                        respectively. The relevant cash flows pertaining to the contracts have been presented on a gross basis within the cash flow statement.
               (2)      Trade and other payables are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are normally settled within 30 days to 12 months. Amounts have not been discounted because the
                        time value of money effect is not material. The carrying amount of payables is a reasonable approximation of the fair value of the liabilities because of the short- term
                        nature of the liabilities.
               (3)      Other trade creditors include $3 million (2018: $4 million) of reinsurance collateral arrangements with various reinsurers to secure the Group reinsurance recoveries.
                        The balance is anticipated to reduce through the settlement of amounts from reinsurers as they fall due. This payable is interest bearing.

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Trade and other payables are stated at the fair value of the consideration to be paid in the future for goods and services received,
               inclusive of GST. The amounts are discounted where the time value of money effect is material.




                                                                                                                                                                                            63
               3. RISK
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section provides an overview of IAG's approach to risk and capital management.
               IAG is exposed to multiple risks relating to the conduct of its business. IAG does not seek to avoid all risks, but rather assess them
               in a systematic, structured and timely manner against IAG’s Risk Appetite Statement, delegations, authorities and limits, and
               seeks to manage them appropriately in alignment with IAG's strategy. Risk management arrangements are designed to reflect the
               scope, scale and complexity of IAG's activities, and where appropriate, capital is held to support these activities.
               IAG uses an enterprise-wide approach to risk that includes six risk categories:




For personal use only
                   Strategic
                   Insurance
                   Reinsurance
                   Financial
                   Operational
                   Regulatory Risk and Compliance
               The risk categories, their definition and structured arrangements for their management are included in IAG's risk management
               strategy (RMS). Risks rarely occur, or should be considered, in isolation. The interconnectivity of IAG's six risk categories and the
               material risks faced are understood and overseen. Material risks and their impact, likelihood, interconnectedness and velocity are
               considered in IAG's enterprise risk profile (ERP).

               NOTE 3.1 RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
               A. RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW
               The Board has responsibility for setting risk strategy. The Risk Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its risk management and
               compliance responsibilities, oversight of risk management, development of IAG's risk management framework (RMF) and policies
               and provides advice to the Executives and Board. The Risk Committee also monitors the effectiveness of the Risk Management
               function. The Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO) oversees risk management across IAG and is supported by a risk function. IAG's CRO
               and risk function provide regular reports to the Risk Committee on the operation of the RMF, the status of material risks, risk and
               compliance incidents and risk framework changes.
               The RMF is in place to assist the Board and senior executive management in managing risk. The RMF is the totality of systems,
               structures, policies and processes within IAG that identify, measure, evaluate, monitor, report and control or mitigate all internal
               and external sources of material risk. The RMF supports management by:
                   providing a consistent, structured approach to identifying and managing risk across the Group;
                   having appropriate policies, procedures and controls in place to effectively manage risk;
                   providing meaningful reporting to the Board to make informed business decisions;
                   ensuring adequate oversight of the risk profile; and
                   facilitating a strong risk culture.

               IAG's documented RMS describes the group-wide RMF and how it is implemented, including risk appetite (i.e. the levels, boundaries
               and nature of risk the organisation is willing to accept), the risk categories used, the major risk management processes, and the
               roles and responsibilities for managing risk. The RMS is a Board-approved policy which directly supports the Group’s strategic
               intent, purpose, values and business sustainability activities. IAG uses Group policies and other supporting documents to help
               ensure the risk management requirements are clear across IAG, and provide context to implement the risk management principles
               described in the RMS. The RMS must be adhered to, along with the legal, regulatory and prudential requirements in all countries in
               which the organisation has operations.
               Other key documents within IAG's RMF include:
                  Reinsurance Management Strategy (ReMS), which describes the systems, processes, procedures, controls and assurance to
                   ensure IAG's reinsurance arrangements are prudently managed;
                  Group Risk Appetite Statement (RAS), which articulates the levels, boundaries and nature of risk the Board is willing to accept
                   in pursuit of IAG's strategic objectives; and
                  Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) Summary Statement, which summarises IAG's risk assessment
                   processes for capital management and describes the strategy for maintaining adequate capital over time.
               The definitions of the risk categories and related mitigation strategies are set out in the subsequent sections.

               The RMS is supported by risk culture and conduct that are the foundation for appropriate risk management and business
               sustainability. IAG is committed to conducting businesses in a manner aligned with IAG's spirit and organisational purpose which is
               supported by principles developed in conjunction with the Ethics Committee.




               64 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               B. STRATEGIC RISK
               Strategic risk is the risk that internal or external factors compromise our ability to execute our strategic objectives or our strategy.

               Strategic risk is managed by the Group Leadership Team with Board oversight. Key elements that support the management of
               strategic risk include a rigorous approach to identifying and evaluating key strategic risks and having this process integrated with
               the Group’s strategic planning program, with Management and Board reporting forming part of our ongoing monitoring
               mechanisms. IAG implements active portfolio management of its insurance operations. This involves robust and regular review of
               the portfolios that leads to informed decisions on the allocation of assets in the most efficient and value-accretive way in order to
               achieve IAG's strategic objectives. Consideration of both current and future value is critical in the process. Portfolio management
               can involve the acquisition or divestment of other entities, for which IAG has implemented a merger & acquisitions framework to
               help ensure the associated risks are appropriately managed. Strategic risk mitigation is further enhanced by the accountabilities of




For personal use only
               the Customer Labs function operated under the Chief Customer Officer. This function ensures IAG is accessing data-driven
               customer insights and reacting to such through the innovation of products and services.

               C. INSURANCE RISK
               Insurance risk arises from:
                   inadequate or inappropriate underwriting;
                   unforeseen, unknown or unintended liabilities that may eventuate;
                   inadequate or inappropriate claims management including reserving; and
                   insurance concentration risk (i.e. by locality, segment factor, or distribution).

               A fundamental part of IAG's overall risk management approach is the effective governance and management of the risks that affect
               the amount, timing and certainty of cash flows arising from insurance contracts. The level of insurance risk accepted by IAG is
               formally documented in its Insurance Business Licences, which are issued to each operating division. The Insurance Business
               Licence is prepared by the Group Chief Underwriting Officer in consultation with the customer-facing divisions and is approved by
               the Group CEO. The Insurance Business Licences are reviewed annually or more frequently if required. In addition to Insurance
               Business Licences, insurance risk is also managed through the implementation of the insurance risk framework and supporting
               Insurance Risk Principles.

               I. Acceptance and pricing of risk
               IAG adopts a disciplined approach to the underwriting of risks, rather than a premium volume or market share oriented approach.
               IAG believes this approach provides the greatest long-term likelihood of being able to meet the objectives of all stakeholders,
               including policyholders, regulators and shareholders. Significant underwriting and pricing expertise, coupled with data and
               analytics capability, allow IAG to effectively underwrite policies to the desired level of risk.
               The underwriting by IAG of large numbers of less than fully correlated individual risks, predominantly short-tail business, across a
               range of classes of insurance business in different regions reduces the variability in overall claims experience over time. A risk still
               remains that the actual amount of claims paid is different to the amount estimated at the time an insurance product was designed
               and priced. IAG's effective claims management and provisioning, reinsurance and capital management further mitigate the impact
               of this risk.
               As referenced above, business divisions underwrite within set criteria as contained in the Insurance Business Licence. Maximum
               limits are set for the acceptance of risk both on an individual insurance contract basis and for classes of business and specific risk
               groupings.
               Management information systems are maintained to provide up to date, reliable data on the risks to which the business is exposed
               at any point in time. Statistical models that combine historical and projected data (pricing, claims and market conditions) are used
               to calculate premiums and monitor claim patterns for each class of business.
               II. Claims management and provisioning
               Once an incident has occurred, initial claim estimates are managed by claims officers with the requisite degree of experience and
               competence with the assistance, where appropriate, of a loss adjustor or other party with specialist knowledge of specific incidents.
               These case estimates are used to form part of the basis of the claims provisions. It is IAG's intention to respond to and settle all
               valid claims quickly whenever possible and to pay claims fairly, based on policyholders' full entitlements. Efforts are made,
               including plain language policy terms, to ensure there is no misalignment between policyholders' perceived benefits when a policy
               is initially sold and their actual entitlement when a claim is made.

               Claims provisions are established using actuarial valuation models, including a risk margin to cover inherent uncertainty in the
               ultimate cost of claims, to ensure adequate capital is allocated to settle claims that have occurred. Refer to Note 2.2 for further
               details.

               III. Concentrations of insurance risk
               Each year IAG sets its tolerance for concentration risk through the use of various models to estimate IAG's maximum exposure to
               potential natural disasters and other catastrophes. IAG mitigates its exposure to concentrations of insurance risk by holding a
               portfolio diversified into many classes of business across different regions and by the utilisation of reinsurance, taking into account
               the cost of reinsurance and capital efficiency. The reinsurance cover limits IAG's financial exposure to a single event with a given
               probability, and also protects capital. The catastrophe reinsurance cover purchased affects the Insurance Concentration Risk
               Charge (ICRC) in the APRA capital calculation.




                                                                                                                                                     65
               Concentration risk is particularly relevant in the case of catastrophes, usually natural disasters including earthquakes, bushfires,
               hailstorms, tropical storms and high winds, which generally result in a concentration of policyholders being impacted by the same
               event. This aggregation of multiple claims arising from a single event creates the most material financial loss potential in the
               Group. IAG is also exposed to certain large man-made catastrophic events such as industrial accidents and building fires.
               Catastrophe losses are an inherent risk of the general insurance industry that contribute to potentially material year-to-year
               fluctuations in the results of operations and financial position. The nature and level of catastrophes in any period cannot be
               predicted accurately but can be estimated through the utilisation of predictive models. IAG actively monitors its aggregate
               exposure to catastrophe losses in all regions and limits exposure in regions that are subject to high levels of natural perils. Specific
               processes for monitoring identified key concentrations are set out below:




For personal use only
               RISK                                         SOURCE OF CONCENTRATION                      RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES
               An accumulation of risks arising from a      Insured property concentrations              Accumulation risk modelling and
               natural peril/catastrophe                                                                 reinsurance protection

               A large property loss                        Fire or accident affecting one building or a Maximum per risk acceptance limits,
                                                            group of adjacent buildings                  property risk grading and reinsurance
                                                                                                         protection

               Multiple liability retentions being          Response by a multitude of policies to the Purchase of reinsurance clash protection
               involved in the same event                   one event


               The tables below provide an analysis of gross written premium from continuing operations by both region and product, which
               demonstrates the diversity of IAG's operations and its relatively limited exposure to additional risks associated with long-tail classes
               of business (where there is increased uncertainty of the ultimate cost of claims due to the additional period of time to settlement):

                                                                                                                                2019           2018
                                                                                                                                   %              %
               a. REGION
               Australia                                                                                                           78             79
               New Zealand                                                                                                         22             21
                                                                                                                                  100            100

               b. PRODUCT
               Motor                                                                                                               32             32
               Home                                                                                                                29             29
               Short-tail commercial                                                                                               22             22
               Compulsory Third Party (motor liability)                                                                             7              7
               Liability                                                                                                            6              6
               Other short-tail                                                                                                     1              1
               Workers' compensation                                                                                                3              3
                                                                                                                                  100            100

               D. REINSURANCE RISK
               Reinsurance risk is defined as the risk of loss as a result of:
                  lack of capacity in the reinsurance market;
                  insufficient or inappropriate reinsurance coverage;
                  inadequate or inappropriate reinsurance recovery management;
                  reinsurance arrangements not being legally binding; and
                  reinsurance concentration.

               IAG's reinsurance program is an important part of its overall approach to risk and capital management. It is used to limit exposure
               to large single claims as well as an accumulation of claims that arise from the same or similar events in order to stabilise earnings
               and protect capital resources. The ReMS outlines IAG's reinsurance principles, including the requirement that reinsurance
               retention for catastrophe must not exceed 4% of gross earned premium.
               IAG purchases catastrophe reinsurance protection to at least the greater of:
                   a 1-in-250 year return period for earthquake loss calculated on a whole-of-portfolio basis for Australia; and
                   a 1-in-1000 year return period for earthquake loss calculated on a whole-of-portfolio basis for New Zealand.

               This is a more conservative view than APRA’s prescribed minimum approach of 1-in-200 year return period loss calculated on a
               whole-of-portfolio, all perils basis.
               Dynamic financial analysis modelling is used to determine the optimal level at which reinsurance should be purchased for capital
               efficiency, compared with the cost and benefits of covers available in the market.




               66 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               The amount of reinsurance purchased is determined by reference to the modelled probable maximum loss (PML). Natural perils
               are inherently uncertain, which presents model risk. As a result, the loss from an actual event could exceed the modelled PML.
               To facilitate the reinsurance process, manage counterparty exposure and create economies of scale, IAG has established a
               centralised reinsurance model across its operations. This is via captive reinsurance entities in Singapore and Labuan and a
               reinsurance department (or virtual captive) in Australia, collectively referred to as IAG Reinsurance. IAG Reinsurance acts as the
               interface between the external providers of reinsurance capital and the operating business divisions.
               The use of reinsurance introduces credit risk. The management of credit risk includes the monitoring of reinsurers’ credit ratings
               and controlling total exposures to limit counterparty default risk which is further explained in the financial risk section. IAG adopts
               a sound underwriting approach to the reinsurance program through the expertise provided by IAG Reinsurance. Retained




For personal use only
               exposures sit within the Board risk appetite and appropriate capital is maintained.

               I. Current reinsurance program
               The external reinsurance program consists of a combination of the following reinsurance arrangements:
                   32.5% whole-of-account quota share arrangements;
                   a Group catastrophe cover which is placed in line with the strategy of buying to the level of at least a 1-in-250 year earthquake
                    event on a whole-of-portfolio basis. IAG's catastrophe reinsurance protection runs to a calendar year and operates on an
                    excess of loss basis, with IAG retaining the first $250 million ($169 million post-quota share) of each loss. It covers all
                    territories in which IAG operates. The limit of catastrophe cover purchased effective 1 January 2019 was $9 billion placed to
                    67.5%. In a very extreme loss event scenario, IAG could potentially incur a net loss greater than the retention. IAG holds
                    capital to mitigate the impact of this possibility;
                   an aggregate sideways cover which protects against a frequency of attritional event losses in Australia, New Zealand and Asia,
                    and operates below the Group catastrophe cover;
                   excess of loss reinsurances which provide 'per risk' protection for retained exposures of the commercial property and
                    engineering businesses in Australia, New Zealand and Asia;
                   excess of loss reinsurance for all casualty portfolios including Compulsory Third Party (CTP), public liability, workers’
                    compensation and home owners warranty products;
                   quota share protection for agency-distributed financial lines products;
                   quota share protection for cyber;
                   excess of loss reinsurance for all marine portfolios;
                   excess of loss reinsurance cover (stop loss) for retained natural peril losses;
                   crop quota share and stop loss;
                   adverse development cover (ADC) and quota share protection on the CTP portfolio;
                   ADC for the February 2011 Canterbury earthquake event; and
                   ADC for policies issued prior to 31 December 2015 covering IAG’s exposure to asbestos relating to legacy general liability
                    and/or workers’ compensation policies.

               E. FINANCIAL RISK
               Financial risk is defined as the risk of:
                  adverse movements in market prices (foreign exchange, equities, credit spreads, interest rates etc) or inappropriate
                   concentration within the investment funds;
                  a counterparty failing to meet its obligations (credit risk);
                  inadequate liquidity; or
                  inappropriate capital management.

               Key aspects of the processes established by IAG to monitor and mitigate financial risks include:
                  the Board Risk and Audit Committees with Non-Executive Directors as members;
                  the Asset and Liability Committee (ALCo) comprising key Executives with relevant oversight responsibilities;
                  value at risk analysis and position limits which are regularly monitored, and monthly stress testing which is undertaken to
                   estimate the impact of adverse market movements;
                  maintenance of an approved Group Credit Risk Policy, Group Liquidity Policy, Group Foreign Exchange Policy and Group
                   Investment Policy;
                  Board-approved Strategic Asset Allocation setting out the overall structure of the investments strategy – asset classes, ranges
                   on asset class exposures and broad limits on active management such as duration limits;
                  capital management activities – for further details refer to the capital management section (IV) of this note; and
                  implementation of a Derivatives Risk Management Statement that considers the controls in the use of derivatives and sets out
                   the permissible use of derivatives in relation to investment strategies.

               I. Market risk
               a. FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK
               IAG operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk from various activities conducted in the normal course of
               business. Foreign exchange exposure is managed by the IAG Capital Markets function.




                                                                                                                                                    67
               The key foreign exchange risk exposures arise from the fluctuation in spot exchange rates between the items denominated in
               currency other than the Group's functional currency (Australian dollar), which causes the amount of the items to vary. Mitigation
               strategies are set out below:

               EXPOSURE                                                                               RISK MANAGEMENT MEASURES
               Net investment in foreign operations that have a functional currency other than the Designated hedging instruments – forward
               Australian dollar (translation of financial position recognised directly in equity and foreign exchange contracts (derivatives).
               translation of financial performance recognised in profit or loss).

               Interest-bearing liabilities denominated in currencies other than the Australian dollar.Some designated as hedging instruments




For personal use only
                                                                                                       where the currency matches the functional
                                                                                                       currency of investments in foreign
                                                                                                       operations.

               Insurance liabilities denominated in currencies other than the Australian dollar       Some assets backing technical reserves are
               (directly recognised in profit or loss).                                               held in the same currency as the related
                                                                                                      insurance liabilities, mitigating any net
                                                                                                      foreign exchange exposure.

               Investments denominated in currencies other than the Australian dollar (directly       Designated economic hedging instruments –
               recognised in profit or loss).                                                         forward foreign exchange contracts
                                                                                                      (derivatives).


               When all relevant criteria are met, the designated hedging instruments noted above will effectively reduce the impact of foreign
               exchange gains and losses recorded in the foreign currency translation reserve during the period. The Group adopts a policy of
               targeting between 50% and 100% of the foreign exchange risk exposures associated with net investments in foreign operations
               (excluding intangible assets for consolidated entities) through designated hedging instruments. For the foreign exchange risk on its
               investment portfolio, the Group adopts a policy to target a 100% economic hedge.

               The table below provides information regarding the impact on the measurement of net investments in foreign operations held at
               reporting date of an instantaneous 10% depreciation of the Australian dollar compared with selected currencies on equity, net of
               related derivatives. An appreciation of the Australian dollar would broadly have the opposite impact.

               IMPACT OF 10% DEPRECIATION OF AUSTRALIAN DOLLAR                                                                  2019           2018
                                                                                                                                  $m             $m
                                                                                                                              Impact         Impact
                                                                                                                           directly to    directly to
                                                                                                                               equity         equity
               Net investments in foreign operations and related hedge arrangements
               New Zealand dollar                                                                                                  56              63
               Malaysian ringgit                                                                                                   13              18
               Other currencies where considered significant                                                                        8               5
                                                                                                                                   77              86

               The sensitivity analysis demonstrates the effect of a change in one key assumption while other assumptions remain unchanged
               (isolated exchange rate movements).
               b. PRICE RISK
               IAG has exposure to equity price risk through its investments in equities (both directly and through certain trusts), debt/equity
               hybrids, hedge funds and the use of derivative contracts. The impact on the measurement of the investments held at reporting
               date of a change in broad equity markets by +10% or -10% on profit before tax, net of related derivatives, is shown in the table
               below:

               IMPACT OF CHANGE IN EQUITY VALUE                                                                               2019           2018
                                                                                                                                $m              $m
                                                                                                                           Impact to      Impact to
                                                                                                                              profit         profit
               Investments – equity, debt/equity hybrids and trust securities and related equity derivatives    +10%             90            108
                                                                                                                 -10%           (88)          (105)

               Investments in equities, debt/equity hybrids, trust securities and related equity derivatives are all measured at fair value through
               profit or loss, there is no direct impact of a change in market prices on equity.




               68 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               c. INTEREST RATE RISK
               Fixed interest rate assets and liabilities are exposed to changes in market value derived from mark-to-market revaluations.
               Financial assets and liabilities with floating interest rates create cash flow variability.

               IAG's interest rate risk arises primarily from fluctuations in the valuation of investments in fixed interest-bearing securities
               recognised at fair value and from the underwriting of general insurance contracts, which creates exposure to the risk that interest
               rate movements materially impact the fair value of the insurance liabilities (the insurance liabilities are discounted with reference
               to the government yields). Movements in interest rates should have minimal impact on the insurance profit or loss due to IAG's
               policy of investing in assets backing insurance liabilities principally in fixed interest securities that are closely matched to the
               duration of the insurance liabilities (period to settlement). Therefore, movements in the fair value measurement of the assets
               broadly offset the impact of movements in the insurance liabilities from changes in interest rates.




For personal use only
               The impact on the measurement of investments in fixed interest-bearing securities held at reporting date of a change in interest
               rates by +1% or -1% on profit before tax, net of related derivatives, is shown in the following table. The sensitivity analysis provided
               demonstrates the effect of a change in interest rates only, whilst other assumptions remain unchanged. As investments in fixed
               interest-bearing securities are measured at fair value through profit or loss, there is no direct impact from an interest rate change
               on equity.

               IMPACT OF CHANGE IN INTEREST RATES                                                                               2019          2018
                                                                                                                                   $m           $m
                                                                                                                             Impact to     Impact to
                                                                                                                                profit        profit
               Investments – interest-bearing securities and related interest rate derivatives                     +1%           (133)         (159)
                                                                                                                    -1%           141           167

               Refer to Note 2.2 for details of the impact on the net outstanding claims liabilities before income tax to changes in key actuarial
               assumptions, including movements in discount rates.

               II. Credit risk
               Concentrations of credit risk exist where a number of counterparties have similar economic characteristics. IAG's credit risk arises
               predominantly from investment activities, reinsurance activities, premium debtors, OTC derivatives (currency forwards) and dealings
               with other intermediaries. IAG maintains a credit risk appetite, which is approved by the Board, and a Group Credit Risk Policy that
               is consistent with the Board's risk appetite. The policy outlines the framework and procedures in place to ensure an adequate and
               appropriate level of monitoring and management of credit quality throughout IAG, with the Capital Markets function responsible for
               implementation. IAG maintains sufficiently diverse credit exposures to avoid a concentration charge being added to the regulatory
               capital requirement.

               The maximum exposure to credit risk loss as at reporting date is the carrying amount of the investments on the balance sheet as
               they are measured at fair value. For the in-scope receivable balances, maximum exposure to credit risk is considered on initial
               measurement of the asset, where lifetime expected credit losses are taken into account and provided for where required. Refer to
               Note 2.6 for further details.

               a. INVESTMENTS
               IAG is exposed to credit risk from investments in third parties, for example debt or similar securities issued by those companies. At
               the reporting date, there are material concentrations of credit risk to the banking sector, in particular the four major Australian
               banks. The credit risk relating to investments is regularly monitored and assessed, with maximum exposures limited by credit
               rating and counterparty. Sovereign securities denominated in the functional currency are considered risk free and are
               unconstrained. The assets backing insurance liabilities of $5,950 million (2018: $6,356 million) include predominantly high credit
               quality investments, such as government securities and other investment grade securities, which reduce the risk of default.

               The following table provides information regarding the credit risk relating to the interest-bearing investments based on Standard &
               Poor’s counterparty credit ratings, which demonstrates the very strong overall credit quality of IAG's investment book:

               CREDIT RATING OF INTEREST-BEARING INVESTMENTS                                                                    2019           2018
                                                                                                                                   $m             $m
               AAA                                                                                                              3,288          3,520
               AA                                                                                                               3,626          3,514
               A                                                                                                                  250            482
               BBB                                                                                                                886          1,264
               Below BBB and unrated                                                                                              654            388
                                                                                                                                8,704          9,168




                                                                                                                                                     69
               b. REINSURANCE RECOVERIES ON PAID CLAIMS
               Reinsurance arrangements mitigate insurance risk but expose IAG to credit risk. Reinsurance is placed with counterparties
               (primarily reinsurance companies) based on an evaluation of their financial strength, terms of coverage and price. At the reporting
               date, there are material concentrations of credit risk in relation to reinsurance recoverables, in particular to large global reinsurers.
               IAG has clearly defined policies for the approval and management of credit risk in relation to reinsurers. IAG monitors the financial
               condition of its reinsurers on an ongoing basis and periodically reviews the reinsurers’ ability to fulfil their obligations under
               respective existing and future reinsurance contracts. Some of the reinsurers are domiciled outside the jurisdictions in which IAG
               operates, so there is the potential for additional risk such as country risk and transfer risk.

               It is IAG policy to only deal with reinsurers with credit ratings of at least Standard & Poor’s BBB+ (or other rating agency equivalent)
               without collateralisation, other than a mandatory placement to meet local regulatory requirements. Where the credit rating of a




For personal use only
               reinsurer falls below the required quality during the period of risk a contractual right to replace the counterparty exists. Some of
               the reinsurance protection is purchased on a ‘collateralised’ basis, where counterparties either deposit funds equivalent to their
               participation (trust or loss deposits) or provide other forms of collateral (letters of credit).

               The following table provides IAG's exposure to reinsurance recoveries receivable on the outstanding claims balance, excluding other
               recoveries, by counterparty credit rating (Standard & Poor's) and the secured collateral:

               CREDIT RATING OF REINSURANCE RECOVERIES ON OUTSTANDING CLAIMS                                        2019                        2018
                                                                                                         $m     % of total            $m    % of total
               AA                                                                                     4,081            90          3,667           89
               A                                                                                        470            10            456           11
               BBB and below                                                                              6              -            11             -
               Total                                                                                  4,557           100          4,134          100

               Of these, approximately $1,128 million (2018: $1,025 million) is secured directly as follows, reducing the credit risk:
                   deposits held in trust: $82 million (2018: $23 million);
                   letters of credit: $1,045 million (2018: $1,000 million); and
                   loss deposits: $1 million (2018: $2 million).

               An ageing analysis for reinsurance recoveries on paid claims is provided below:

                                                           NOT OVERDUE                               OVERDUE                                    TOTAL
                                                                                   <30 days        30-120 days          >120 days
                                                                      $m                $m                 $m                 $m                  $m
               2019
               Reinsurance recoveries on paid claims                   76                   1                  3                  2                82

               2018
               Reinsurance recoveries on paid claims                   70                   8                  3                11                 92
               c. PREMIUM RECEIVABLE
               The majority of the premium receivable balance relates to policies which are paid on a monthly instalment basis. The late payment
               of amounts due under such arrangements allows for the cancellation of the related insurance contract eliminating both the credit
               risk and insurance risk for the unpaid amounts. Upon cancellation of a policy the outstanding premium receivable and revenue is
               reversed. IAG is also exposed to the credit risk associated with brokers and other intermediaries when premium is collected via
               these intermediaries. IAG’s exposure is regularly monitored by ALCo with reference to aggregated exposure, credit rating, internal
               credit limits and ageing of receivables by counterparty. Ageing analysis for premium receivable is provided below, with amounts
               aged according to their original due date, demonstrating IAG's limited exposure:

                                                           NOT OVERDUE                               OVERDUE                                    TOTAL
                                                                                   <30 days        30-120 days          >120 days
                                                                      $m                $m                 $m                 $m                  $m
               2019
               Premium receivable                                   3,152                276                295                 61              3,784
               Provision for impairment                                 (3)                (3)                (8)              (23)                (37)
                                                                    3,149                273                287                 38              3,747

               2018
               Premium receivable                                   2,981                315                278                 48              3,622
               Provision for impairment                                 (3)                (3)                (7)              (20)                (33)
                                                                    2,978                312                271                 28              3,589




               70 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               III. Liquidity risk
               IAG's liquidity position is derived from operating cash flows, access to liquidity through related bodies corporate and interest-
               bearing liabilities (with some denominated in different currencies and with different maturities). IAG complies with its liquidity risk
               management practices, which include a Group policy, and has the framework and procedures in place to ensure an adequate and
               appropriate level of monitoring and management of liquidity.

               a. OUTSTANDING CLAIMS LIABILITY AND INVESTMENTS
               Underwriting insurance contracts exposes IAG to liquidity risk through the obligation to make payment for claims of unknown
               amounts on unknown dates. The assets backing insurance liabilities can generally be readily sold or exchanged for cash to settle
               claims and are managed in accordance with the policy of broadly matching the overall maturity profile to the estimated pattern of
               claim payments.




For personal use only
               A maturity analysis is provided below of the estimated net discounted outstanding claims liability (based on the remaining term to
               payment at the reporting date) and the investments that have a fixed term (provided by expected maturity). The timing of future
               claim payments is inherently uncertain. Actual maturities may differ from expected maturities because certain counterparties have
               the right to call or prepay certain obligations with or without penalties.

                                                                                                                                NET DISCOUNTED
                                                                                                                            OUTSTANDING CLAIMS
               MATURITY ANALYSIS                                                                                                       LIABILITY                               INVESTMENTS
                                                                                                                              2019        2018                        2019            2018
                                                                                                                                $m           $m                          $m              $m
               Floating interest rate (at call)                                                                                   -            -                      1,399             755
               Within 1 year or less                                                                                         2,212        2,446                       1,073           1,607
               Within 1 to 2 years                                                                                             726          920                         165             773
               Within 2 to 5 years                                                                                           1,111        1,200                       2,460           2,656
               Over 5 years                                                                                                    468          422                       3,607           3,377
               Total                                                                                                         4,517        4,988                       8,704           9,168

               b. INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES
               The following table provides information about the residual maturity periods of the interest-bearing liabilities of a capital nature
               based on the contractual maturity dates of cash flows:

                                                                               CARRYING
                                                                                  VALUE                  MATURITY DATES OF CONTRACTUAL UNDISCOUNTED CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                   Within 1                          Over 5
                                                                                                       year 1 - 2 years 2 - 5 years   years Perpetual      Total
                                                                                        $m              $m          $m          $m      $m        $m        $m
               2019
               Principal repayments(1)                                               2,089                   -                -                -          1,135                954           2,089
               Contractual interest payments(1)                                                            83               83              249                -                  -            415
               Total contractual undiscounted payments                                                     83               83              249           1,135                954           2,504

               2018
               Principal repayments(1)                                               1,974                   -                -                -          1,020                954           1,974
               Contractual interest payments(1)                                                            91               91              274                -                  -            456
               Total contractual undiscounted payments                                                     91               91              274           1,020                954           2,430

               (1)      All of the liabilities have call, reset or conversion dates which occur prior to any contractual maturity. Detailed descriptions of the instruments are provided in Note 4.1.
                        The contractual interest payments are undiscounted and calculated based on underlying fixed interest rates or prevailing market floating rates as applicable at the
                        reporting date. Interest payments have not been included beyond five years.




                                                                                                                                                                                                71
               IV. Capital management risk
               IAG's capital management strategy plays a central role in managing risk to create shareholder value whilst meeting the objective of
               maintaining an appropriate level of capital to protect policyholders' and lenders' interests, and meet regulatory requirements.
               IAG has a documented description of the capital management process (ICAAP) and reports annually on the operation of the ICAAP
               to the Board, together with a forward-looking estimate of expected capital utilisation (as represented in IAG’s Capital Plan) and
               capital resilience (ICAAP Annual Report). Adequacy of IAG's capital position is judged relative to the Board's Capital RAS, with an
               internal capital model (ICM) used to assess the risks of breaching the minimum levels established in the Capital RAS. Scenario
               analysis and stress testing are important adjuncts to the ICM. The amount of capital required varies according to a range of factors
               including the business underwritten, extent of reinsurance and investment asset allocation.




For personal use only
               The target level of capitalisation (risk appetite) for IAG is assessed by consideration of factors including:
                   the probability of financial ruin over the next three years;
                   the probability of falling below the APRA Prescribed Capital Amount (PCA) over the next three years;
                   other stakeholder perspectives on capitalisation, including rating agency capital models and associated ratings; and
                   domestic and international levels of capitalisation.
               a. REGULATORY CAPITAL
               All insurers within IAG that carry on insurance business in Australia are registered with APRA and are subject to APRA's Prudential
               Standards. It is IAG's policy to ensure that each of the licenced insurers in the Group maintains an adequate capital position.

               IAG's long-term target capital ranges set out below remain unchanged:
                   a total regulatory capital position equivalent to 1.4 to 1.6 times the PCA, compared to a regulatory requirement of 1.0 times;
                    and
                   Common Equity Tier 1 capital of 0.9 to 1.1 times the PCA, compared to a regulatory requirement of 0.6 times.
               Internal policies are in place to ensure any significant deviations from the benchmarks are considered by the Board as to how any
               shortfall should be made good, or any surplus utilised.
               IAG uses the standardised framework detailed in the relevant prudential standards (APRA Level 2 Insurance Group requirements) to
               calculate regulatory capital.

               REGULATORY CAPITAL POSITION                                                                                2019              2018
                                                                                                                             $m                $m
               Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1 capital)                                                                3,082             3,114
               Additional Tier 1 capital                                                                                    569               624
               Total Tier 1 capital                                                                                       3,651             3,738
               Tier 2 capital                                                                                             1,330             1,280
               Total regulatory capital                                                                                   4,981             5,018

               Total PCA                                                                                                  2,354             2,468
               PCA multiple                                                                                                2.12                2.03
               CET1 multiple                                                                                               1.31                1.26

               At 30 June 2019, IAG's Insurance Concentration Risk Charge from a catastrophe event was $169 million (2018: $169 million).

               Consideration is given to the operational capital needs of the business. Targeting a capital multiple above the minimum regulatory
               requirement aims to ensure the ongoing strength and security of IAG, while suitably protecting policyholders and lenders.

               The capital objectives are achieved through dynamic management of the balance sheet and capital mix, the use of a risk-based
               capital adequacy framework that relies on explicit quantification of uncertainty or risk and the use of modelling techniques that
               provide the capacity to understand the risk/return trade-off as well as valuable inputs to the capital management process. The
               influences on capital, such as product mix, reinsurance program design, catastrophe exposure, investment strategy, profit margins
               and capital structure, are all assessed using dynamic financial analysis modelling.

               An important influence on IAG's capital level is the payment of dividends. IAG targets a dividend payout ratio, measured as a
               proportion of cash earnings, within a range approved by the Board (refer to Note 4.4).




               72 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               b. CAPITAL COMPOSITION
               The balance sheet capital mix at reporting date is shown in the table below:

               CAPITAL MIX                                                                                Target           2019              2018
                                                                                                              %               %                 %
               Ordinary equity less goodwill and intangible assets                                         60-70            63.5              65.7
               Interest-bearing liabilities – hybrid securities and debt                                   30-40            36.5              34.3
               Total capitalisation                                                                                        100.0             100.0




For personal use only
               F. OPERATIONAL RISK
               Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from
               external events.

               When controls fail, an operational risk incident can cause injury, damage to reputation, have legal or regulatory implications or can
               lead to financial loss. IAG does not aim to eliminate all operational risks, but manages these by initiating an appropriate control
               framework and by monitoring and managing potential risks. The Board is responsible for oversight of the operational risk
               framework and approval of the Operational Risk Management Policy, and any changes to it. The Board and Group Leadership Team
               believe an effective, documented and structured approach to operational risk is a key part of the broader RMF that is outlined in
               IAG's RMS.

               IAG's operational risk framework, inclusive of the Group Operational Risk Policy, operates within IAG's RMF. The operational risk
               framework and supporting Operational Risk Policy and procedures aim to ensure that consistent governance mechanisms and
               practices are in place, and that activities undertaken which involve operational risk are continually assessed and managed with
               appropriate regard to the Group's RAS and the achievement of IAG's objectives. The operational risk framework is supported by
               aligned frameworks, policies and procedures for key aspects of operational risk. For example, fraud and business continuity
               frameworks and policies are in place as are various other operational risk policies.

               Management and staff are responsible for identifying, assessing and managing operational risks in accordance with their roles and
               responsibilities. IAG's Internal Audit function also reviews the effectiveness of controls and processes surrounding operational risk.

               G. REGULATORY RISK AND COMPLIANCE
               Regulatory Risk and Compliance is defined as the risk of legal, regulatory or reputational impacts arising from failure to manage
               compliance obligations, or failure to anticipate and prepare for changes in the regulatory environment. IAG engages with regulators
               and regularly monitors developments across its international operations to assess potential impacts on its ongoing ability to meet
               the various regulatory requirements. In recent times, the Group has observed an increase in the frequency and scale of regulatory
               reviews, particularly in relation to financial services entities in Australia. The outcomes and any additional costs associated with
               these reviews and possible exposures for the Group remain uncertain.

               The Final Report of the Royal Commission into Misconduct in the Banking, Superannuation and Financial Services Industry (Royal
               Commission) was released on 4 February 2019. The Final Report included 76 specific recommendations aimed at restoring trust
               and improving outcomes for consumers. Several of the recommendations relate to the general insurance industry and others apply
               more broadly to the financial services industry and its regulators. In principle, IAG supports the recommendations but it remains
               too early to predict the nature and extent of the changes and any consequential impact the implementation of the
               recommendations may have for IAG's businesses.




                                                                                                                                                 73
               4. CAPITAL STRUCTURE
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section provides disclosures on the capital structure of IAG, which demonstrates how IAG finances its overall operations and
               growth through the use of different sources of funds, including ordinary equity and debt and hybrid instruments. Reinsurance is
               also an increasingly important source of long-term capital for IAG – reinsurance-specific disclosures are included in section 2
               insurance disclosures.
               The capital that IAG maintains provides financial security to its policyholders, whilst ensuring adherence to the capital adequacy
               requirements of industry regulators. IAG also seeks to maintain, and where possible enhance, the overall diversity and efficiency
               of its capital structure to support the delivery of targeted returns to shareholders. IAG measures its capital mix on a net tangible




For personal use only
               equity basis i.e. after deduction of goodwill and intangibles, giving it strong alignment with both regulatory and rating agency
               models. IAG's target is a capital mix of ordinary equity (net of goodwill and intangibles) at 60-70% and debt and hybrids at 30-40%.

               NOTE 4.1 INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                                         2019                               2018
                                                                                                                                 Carrying                             Carrying
                                                                                         Principal                                 Value         Fair Value             Value         Fair Value
               Final Maturity Date                                                       Amount                Section                $m                $m                 $m                $m

               A. COMPOSITION
               I. Capital nature(1)
               a. ADDITIONAL TIER 1 REGULATORY CAPITAL(2)
               Reset exchangeable securities
                  No fixed date                                                          $550 million           B. I                   550               558                550               565
               Capital notes
                  No fixed date                                                          $404 million           B. II                  404               432                404               423
               b. TIER 2 REGULATORY CAPITAL
               AUD subordinated convertible term notes
                  19 March 2040                                                          $350 million           B. III                    -                 -               350               354
                  15 June 2044                                                           $350 million           B. IV                  350               352                350               353
                  15 June 2045                                                           $450 million           B. V                   450               457                   -                 -
                                                                                                                                       800                                  700
               NZD subordinated convertible term notes(3)
                  15 June 2043                                                           NZ$350 million B. VI                          335               355                320               332
               II. Operational nature
               Other interest-bearing liabilities                                                                                        3                   3                 -                    -
               Less: capitalised transaction costs                                                                                     (12)                                 (14)
                                                                                                                                    2,080                                1,960
               (1)      Capital instruments above cannot be reconciled to the regulatory capital section of Note 3.1 due to APRA transitional arrangements.
               (2)      Instruments issued prior to 1 January 2013 are eligible for inclusion in the relevant category of regulatory capital up to limits prescribed by APRA under transitional
                        arrangements. Any capital that is ineligible to be included in Tier 1 capital as a consequence may be included in Tier 2 capital to the extent there is residual capacity
                        within Tier 2 transitional limits.
               (3)      At the reporting date, the Company recognised accrued interest of $1 million (2018: $1 million) which is presented within trade and other payables.

               B. SIGNIFICANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
               I. Reset exchangeable securities (RES)
                   face value of $550 million and issued by IAG Finance (New Zealand) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, on 11
                    January 2005;
                   all remain outstanding as at the reporting date;
                   non-cumulative floating rate distribution payable quarterly;
                   distribution rate equals the sum of the three-month bank bill swap rate (BBSW) plus a margin of 4.00% per annum multiplied
                    by (1-tax rate);
                   if the distributions are not fully franked, the distribution rate is increased to compensate holders for the unfranked portion of
                    the distribution, subject to no payment conditions existing;
                   payments of distributions can only be made subject to meeting certain conditions. If no distribution is made, no dividends can
                    be paid and no returns of capital can be made on ordinary shares unless IAG takes certain actions; and
                   on a RES reset date, IAG Finance (New Zealand) Limited may convert RES into IAG ordinary shares, arrange a third party to
                    acquire RES for their face value or redeem RES for their face value. Conversion of RES may be requested by a holder in
                    connection with a reset date, or upon certain events. It is IAG's present intention to redeem RES on the next reset date (16
                    December 2019), subject to requisite approvals.




               74 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               II. Capital notes
                   face value of $404 million and issued by the Company on 22 December 2016;
                   all remain outstanding as at the reporting date;
                   non-cumulative floating rate distribution payable quarterly;
                   distribution rate equals the sum of the three-month BBSW plus a margin of 4.70% per annum multiplied by (1-tax rate);
                   if the distributions are not fully franked, the distribution rate is increased to compensate holders for the unfranked portion of
                    the distribution, subject to no payment conditions existing;
                   payments of distributions can only be made subject to meeting certain conditions. If no distribution is made, no dividends can
                    be paid and no returns of capital can be made on ordinary shares until the next distribution payment date;
                   IAG may convert, redeem or resell capital notes on 15 June 2023, or upon occurrence of certain events, subject to APRA




For personal use only
                    approval;
                   the capital notes are scheduled for conversion into a variable number of ordinary shares of the Company (subject to a
                    maximum number of 140.6 million shares) on 16 June 2025 and at each subsequent distribution payment date provided the
                    mandatory conversion conditions are satisfied; and
                   the capital notes must be converted into a variable number of IAG ordinary shares (subject to a maximum of 351.1 million
                    shares) or written-off if APRA determines the Company to be non-viable.
               III. AUD subordinated convertible term notes due 2040
               The AUD subordinated convertible term notes were issued with a face value of $350 million by Insurance Australia Limited (IAL), a
               wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and were redeemed on 19 March 2019.

               IV. AUD subordinated convertible term notes due 2044
                   face value of $350 million and issued by the Company on 29 March 2018;
                   all remain outstanding as at the reporting date;
                   floating interest rate equal to the three-month BBSW plus a margin of 2.10% per annum is payable quarterly;
                   the notes mature on 15 June 2044 unless converted or redeemed earlier, subject to rights of conversion or redemption;
                   IAG has an option to redeem the notes at face value between 15 June 2024 and 15 June 2025 and for certain tax and
                    regulatory events (in each case subject to APRA’s prior written approval);
                   the notes can be converted into a variable number of ordinary shares of the Company (subject to a maximum of 88.7 million
                    shares) at the option of holders from and including 15 June 2027 and at each subsequent interest payment date and the
                    maturity date of 15 June 2044; and
                   the notes must be converted into a variable number of ordinary shares of the Company (subject to a maximum of 221.8 million
                    shares) or written-off if APRA determines the Company to be non-viable.

               V. AUD subordinated convertible term notes due 2045
                  face value of $450 million and issued by the Company on 28 March 2019;
                  all remain outstanding as at the reporting date;
                  floating interest rate equal to the three-month BBSW plus a margin of 2.35% per annum is payable quarterly;
                  the notes mature on 15 June 2045 unless converted or redeemed earlier, subject to rights of conversion or redemption;
                  IAG has an option to redeem the notes at face value between 15 June 2025 and 15 June 2026 and for certain tax and
                   regulatory events (in each case subject to APRA’s prior written approval);
                  the notes can be converted into a variable number of ordinary shares of the Company (subject to a maximum of 116.7 million
                   shares) at the option of holders from and including 15 June 2028 and at each subsequent interest payment date and the
                   maturity date of 15 June 2045; and
                  the notes must be converted into a variable number of ordinary shares of the Company (subject to a maximum of 291.8 million
                   shares) or written-off if APRA determines the Company to be non-viable.

               VI. NZD subordinated convertible term notes
                   face value of NZ$350 million (equivalent to $332 million at date of issue) and issued by the Company on 15 June 2016;
                   all remain outstanding as at the reporting date;
                   fixed interest rate of 5.15% per annum, payable quarterly;
                   the notes mature on 15 June 2043 unless converted or redeemed earlier, subject to rights of conversion or redemption;
                   IAG has an option to redeem the notes at face value between 15 June 2022 and 15 June 2023, and for certain tax and
                    regulatory events (in each case subject to APRA’s prior written approval);
                   if the notes are not redeemed on 15 June 2022, the interest rate will become the applicable three-month bank bill benchmark
                    rate (BKBM) plus a margin of 2.60% per annum;
                   the notes can be converted into a variable number of ordinary shares of the Company (subject to a maximum of 114.0 million
                    shares) at the option of holders from and including 15 June 2025 and at each subsequent interest payment date and the
                    maturity date of 15 June 2043; and
                   the notes must be converted into a variable number of ordinary shares of the Company (subject to a maximum of 284.9 million
                    shares) or written-off if APRA determines the Company to be non-viable.




                                                                                                                                                  75
               C. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               The interest-bearing liabilities are initially measured at fair value (net of transaction costs) and subsequently measured at
               amortised cost. Based on market conditions at any point in time, the carrying value of the liabilities may not be representative of
               the fair value of the liabilities.

               The fair value for all interest-bearing liabilities is calculated using their quoted market price in active markets (fair value hierarchy
               level 1), except for the AUD subordinated convertible notes where their fair value is calculated using their quoted market price in a
               market that is considered to be lacking sufficient depth to be considered active (fair value hierarchy level 2).

               NOTE 4.2 EQUITY




For personal use only
                                                                                                       2019          2018          2019          2018
                                                                                                   Number of     Number of
                                                                                                    shares in     shares in
                                                                                                     millions      millions          $m            $m
               A. SHARE CAPITAL
               Balance at the beginning of the financial year                                          2,367         2,367         7,082        7,082
               Capital return and share consolidation, including transaction costs                        (56)            -         (465)            -
               Balance at the end of the financial year                                                2,311         2,367         6,617        7,082

               B. CHANGES DURING THE YEAR
               On 26 November 2018, IAG completed its capital management initiative amounting to 25.0 cents per ordinary share, or $592
               million, which comprised a 19.5 cents capital return and a 5.5 cents fully franked special dividend, with a share consolidation that
               reduced the Company’s ordinary issued shares by 2.4%.

               C. STRATEGIC RELATIONSHIP WITH BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY (BH)
               As part of the strategic relationship with BH, the Company and National Indemnity Company (NICO) entered into a subscription
               agreement dated 16 June 2015 (Subscription Agreement). The terms of the Subscription Agreement were released to the ASX on
               16 June 2015 (attached to the Appendix 3B on that date).

               I. Anti-dilution right
               On entry by the Company and NICO into the Subscription Agreement, the Company granted NICO a right to maintain, by way of a
               right to participate in any issue of shares or to subscribe for shares, its percentage interest in the issued share capital of the
               Company (Anti-dilution Right) in respect of a diluting event which occurs or is announced after 16 June 2015.

               D. NATURE AND PURPOSE OF EQUITY
               I. Ordinary shares
               All ordinary shares on issue are fully paid and have no par value. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to a vote at a general meeting
               of the Company and to participate in the dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of,
               and amounts paid on, the shares held.

               Shares are classified as equity when there is no obligation to transfer cash or other assets to the holder. Transaction costs directly
               attributable to the issue of equity instruments are shown in equity as a deduction from the proceeds, net of tax.

               II. Treasury shares held in trust
               To satisfy obligations under the various share-based remuneration plans, shares are generally bought on-market at or near grant
               date of the relevant arrangement and are managed using in-house trusts, one for Australia and one for New Zealand, which are
               controlled by IAG. The shares are measured at cost and are presented as a deduction from equity. No gain or loss is recognised in
               profit or loss on the sale, cancellation or reissue of the shares. The shares are derecognised as treasury shares held in trust when
               the shares vest or are released to the participant. The total number of treasury shares acquired on-market during the financial year
               was 7 million (2018: 3 million) at an average price per share of $7.25 (2018: $6.20).

               III. Foreign currency translation reserve
               The foreign currency translation reserve records the foreign currency differences and related net investment hedge arising from the
               translation of the financial position and performance of subsidiaries and investments in associates that have a functional currency
               other than Australian dollars.

               IV. Share-based remuneration reserve
               The share-based remuneration reserve is used to recognise the fair value of equity-settled share-based remuneration obligations
               issued to employees. The total amount expensed over the vesting period through the consolidated statement of comprehensive
               income is calculated by reference to the fair value of the rights at grant date. The fair value of the rights is calculated at the grant
               date using a Black-Scholes valuation model and Monte Carlo simulation. The volatility assumption has been set considering the
               Company's historical share price. Some of the assumptions are based on historical data which is not necessarily indicative of
               future trends. Reasonable changes in these assumptions would not have a material impact on the amounts recognised in the
               financial statements.

               The Company provides benefits to employees (including senior management and Executives) through share-based incentives to
               create a link between shareholder value creation and rewarding employees, and assist with retention of key personnel. The senior
               management and Executive share plan arrangements consist of two separate arrangements working together. These two
               arrangements are the Deferred Award Rights Plan (DARs Plan) and Executive Performance Rights Plan (EPRs Plan). The People and
               Remuneration Committee approves the participation of each individual in the plans.


               76 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               The obligations under share-based payment arrangements are covered by the on-market purchase of ordinary shares of the
               Company which are held in trust. The number of shares purchased to cover each allocation of rights is determined by the trustee
               based on independent actuarial advice.

               NOTE 4.3 EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                                                                                                                                                     2019                2018
                                                                                                                                                                     cents               cents
               A. REPORTING PERIOD VALUES
               Continuing and discontinued operations
                                                                                                                                                                    46.26               39.06




For personal use only
               Basic earnings per ordinary share(1)
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share(2)                                                                                                               44.58               38.30
               Continuing operations
               Basic earnings per ordinary share(1)                                                                                                                 37.45               40.08
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share(2)                                                                                                               36.44               39.26
                (1)     The basic earnings per ordinary share is determined by dividing the profit or loss attributable to shareholders of the Parent by the weighted average number of shares
                        of the Parent on issue during the reporting year. The treasury shares held in trust are deducted, but earnings attributable to those shares are included.
                (2)     Diluted earnings per share is determined by dividing the profit or loss attributable to shareholders of the Parent, adjusted for the finance costs of dilutive convertible
                        instruments, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares and dilutive potential ordinary shares, primarily as a result of debt instruments that possess a
                        conversion feature.


                                                                                                                                                                     2019                2018
                                                                                                                                                                       $m                  $m
               B. RECONCILIATION OF EARNINGS USED IN CALCULATING EARNINGS PER SHARE
               Profit attributable to shareholders of the Parent which is used in calculating basic and diluted
               earnings per share                                                                                                                                   1,076                  923
               Finance costs of convertible securities, net of tax                                                                                                     47                   38
               Profit attributable to shareholders of the Parent which is used in calculating diluted earnings
               per share                                                                                                                                            1,123                  961
               Profit from continuing operations attributable to shareholders of the Parent                                                                            871                 947
               Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations attributable to shareholders of the Parent                                                                   205                  (24)

                                                                                                                                                                  2019                2018
                                                                                                                                                              Number of           Number of
                                                                                                                                                               shares in           shares in
                                                                                                                                                                millions            millions
               C. RECONCILIATION OF WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES
                  USED IN CALCULATING EARNINGS PER SHARE
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue (adjusted for treasury shares held in trust)
               used in the calculation of basic earnings per share                                                                                                  2,326               2,363
               Weighted average number of dilutive potential ordinary shares relating to:
               Convertible securities                                                                                                                                 188                 142
               Unvested share-based remuneration rights supported by treasury shares held in trust                                                                      5                   4
                                                                                                                                                                    2,519               2,509




                                                                                                                                                                                              77
               NOTE 4.4 DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                                                                   2019                                  2018
                                                                                                                         Cents per                              Cents per
                                                                                                                            share                     $m           share                    $m
               A. ORDINARY SHARES
               2019 interim dividend paid on 20 March 2019 (2018: 2018 interim
               dividend) fully franked based on a tax rate of 30%                                                              12.0                 277               14.0                 330
               Special dividend paid on 26 November 2018 fully franked based on a
               tax rate of 30%                                                                                                   5.5                130                     -                   -




For personal use only
               2018 final dividend paid on 27 September 2018 (2018: 2017 final
               dividend) fully franked based on a tax rate of 30%(1)                                                           20.0                 473               20.0                 473
                                                                                                                                                    880                                    803

                B. DIVIDEND NOT RECOGNISED AT REPORTING DATE
               2019 final dividend 70% franked (2018: 2018 final dividend fully
               franked) based on a tax rate of 30% to be paid on 30 September 2019(1)                                           20.0                462               20.0                 474
               (1)      Of the total 2018 final dividend declared of $474 million, right and entitlement of $1 million (2017 final dividend: $1 million) to dividends on unallocated treasury
                        shares was waived during the year by the trustee of the IAG Share and Rights Plans Trust.


                                                                                                                                                  2019                                   2018
                                                                                                                                                    $m                                     $m
               C. DIVIDEND FRANKING AMOUNT
               Franking credits available for subsequent financial periods based on a
               tax rate of 30%                                                                                                                          -                                  100

               IAG’s franking credit balance has reduced in recent years, owing to past capital management measures and the move to a higher
               dividend payout policy. The consolidated amounts above are calculated from the balance of the franking account as at the end of
               the reporting period, adjusted for franking credits that will arise from the settlement, after the end of the reporting date, of tax-
               related balances and the franking credits that will be utilised for dividends determined but not recognised at the reporting date.
               The Company, immediately after payment of the final dividend (70% franked), will have no further franking credits available for
               distribution.

               D. DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT
               A Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) operates which allows shareholders with ordinary shares to elect to receive their dividend
               entitlement in the form of ordinary shares of the Company. The price of DRP shares is the VWAP, less a discount if determined by
               the Directors, calculated over the pricing period (which is at least five trading days) as determined by the Directors for each
               dividend payment date.
               A copy of the terms and conditions for the DRP is available at www.iag.com.au/shareholder-centre/dividends/reinvestment.
               The DRP for the 2019 interim dividend paid on 20 March 2019 was settled with the on-market purchase of 7.0 million shares
               priced at $7.37 per share (based on a VWAP for 10 trading days from 18 February 2019 to 1 March 2019 inclusive, with no
               discount applied).

               E. RESTRICTIONS THAT MAY LIMIT THE PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS
               There are currently no restrictions on the payment of dividends by the Parent other than:
                  the payment of dividends is subject to the provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 and IAG's constitution;
                  the payment of dividends generally being limited to profits, subject to ongoing solvency obligations, and under the APRA Level
                   2 Insurance Group supervision requirements, IAG is required to obtain approval from APRA before payment of dividends on
                   ordinary shares that exceed the Group’s after tax earnings as defined by APRA; and
                  no dividends can be paid and no returns of capital can be made on ordinary shares if distributions are not paid on the capital
                   notes or reset exchangeable securities, unless certain actions are taken by IAG. For further details, refer to Note 4.1.

               F. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Provision for dividends is made in respect of ordinary shares where the dividends are declared on or before the reporting date, but
               have not yet been distributed at that date.




               78 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               NOTE 4.5 DERIVATIVES
               A. REPORTING DATE POSITIONS
                                                                                                        2019                                   2018
                                                                          Notional                               Notional
                                                                          contract    Fair value   Fair value    contract    Fair value   Fair value
                                                                           amount          asset     liability    amount          asset      liability
                                                                               $m            $m           $m          $m            $m           $m
               I. Net investment hedges (hedge accounting applied)
               Forward foreign exchange contracts                             788            4             (5)     1,223            11           (15)




For personal use only
               II. Investment-related derivatives (derivatives without hedge accounting applied)
               Bond futures                                                 2,781             -              -     2,559              -             -
               Share price index futures                                     (144)            -              -        (28)            -             -
               Forward foreign exchange contracts                           3,845           20            (15)     3,394              -          (53)
               III. Treasury-related derivatives (derivatives without hedge accounting applied)
               Forward foreign exchange contracts                           1,033            7             (5)         754           6             (8)
               Interest rate swaps                                            535           11             (2)         320           1               -

               All derivative contracts are expected to be settled within 12 months, except for interest rate swaps.
               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Derivatives are initially recognised at trade date at fair value, which is determined by reference to current market quotes or
               generally accepted valuation principles. The investment-related derivatives are presented together with the underlying investments
               or as payables when the fair value is negative. The treasury-related derivatives are presented as receivables when the fair value is
               positive or as payables when the fair value is negative.

               I. Hedge accounting
               Hedge accounting may be applied to derivatives designated as hedging instruments provided certain criteria are met. At the
               inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which it wishes to apply
               hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge.

               Previously under AASB 139, the documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction,
               the nature of the risk being hedged and how the Group will assess the effectiveness of changes in the hedging instrument’s fair
               value in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. Such
               hedges are expected to be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows and are assessed on an
               ongoing basis to determine that they actually have been highly effective throughout the financial reporting periods for which they
               were designated.

               Beginning 1 July 2018 on transition to AASB 9, the documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged
               item, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge
               effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of sources of hedge ineffectiveness and how the hedge ratio is determined). A
               hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets all of the following effectiveness requirements:
                   there is ‘an economic relationship’ between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
                   the effect of credit risk does not ‘dominate the value changes’ that result from that economic relationship; and
                   the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that the Group
                    actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

               On transition to AASB 9, the measurement of derivatives designated as hedging instruments has remained unchanged. Refer to
               Note 8.5 for further details.

               Hedge of net investments in foreign operations
               The foreign currency exposures arising on translation of net investments in foreign operations are hedged (net investment hedge)
               using the spot element of forward exchange contracts and the designation of certain foreign currency borrowings as hedging
               instruments. The fair value is determined using observable inputs (level 2 in the fair value hierarchy).

               There is an economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging instruments as the net investment creates a
               translation risk that will match the foreign exchange risk on the spot element of the forward exchange contracts and the foreign
               currency borrowings. The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 as the underlying risk of the hedging instruments is identical
               to the hedged risk component. Any hedge ineffectiveness may arise when the exposure to the underlying net investment in the
               foreign operation falls below the notional amount of the forward exchange contracts and the amount of borrowings designated as
               net investment hedging instruments.

               Any gain or loss on the net investment hedges relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised in equity, while the gain or
               loss relating to the ineffective portion is immediately recognised in profit or loss. Gains and losses accumulated in the equity
               reserve are recognised in profit or loss upon the disposal of the foreign operation.




                                                                                                                                                   79
               Details of IAG’s activities in relation to hedges in its foreign operations against foreign currency movements are as follows:

                                                                                                           2019                                    2018
                                                                              Change in fair       Balance in        Change in fair       Balance in
                                                                              value of items foreign currency        value of items foreign currency
                                                                                          for      translation                   for      translation
                                                                             ineffectiveness           reserve      ineffectiveness          reserve
                                                                                assessment                             assessment
                                                                                          $m               $m                    $m               $m
               I. Net investment hedges (hedge accounting applied)




For personal use only
               Forward foreign exchange contracts                                          28              349                 (16)                377

               During the year, IAG recognised $nil (2018: $nil) gain or loss due to ineffectiveness on derivative instruments designated as net
               investment hedges in the profit or loss.

               II. Derivatives without hedge accounting applied
               For derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting, the changes in fair value are immediately recognised in profit or loss.
               Transaction costs for purchases of derivatives are expensed as incurred.

               The fair value of the bond futures and share price index futures are measured using a quoted price in an active market (level 1 in
               the fair value hierarchy), whilst the fair value of the interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts are determined
               using observable inputs (level 2 in the fair value hierarchy).

               5. OTHER BALANCE SHEET DISCLOSURES
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section provides disclosures on other components of IAG's financial position, including:
                   Goodwill and intangible assets – these balances primarily relate to the difference between the total consideration paid and
                    the net tangible assets acquired in relation to past business acquisitions as well as internally developed capitalised software.
                    These assets support the generation of future earnings and are subject to impairment testing, with finite useful life intangible
                    assets also subject to amortisation. For example, an impairment will arise if future earnings can no longer support the
                    carrying value of the assets in question.
                   Income tax – the note summarises both the comprehensive income (profit or loss and other comprehensive income) and
                    balance sheet items related to income tax. The profit or loss disclosure includes a reconciliation between the income tax
                    expense reported and the prima facie amount when applying the Australian company tax rate (30%). The balance sheet
                    disclosure focuses on deferred tax balances, which arise due to timing differences between the accounting treatment of
                    taxable income or expenses and the treatment adopted by the relevant tax authority. For example, IAG recognises a deferred
                    tax asset in relation to the earthquake losses incurred by its New Zealand operations since the 2011 financial year. This
                    asset is expected to unwind over time as the tax benefit recognised for accounting purposes is used to offset future taxable
                    income.
                   Provisions – this balance primarily includes employee-related costs, for example an annual leave entitlement representing
                    amounts owing to employees at the balance date based on past service.


               NOTE 5.1 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                           SOFTWARE
                                                                        DEVELOPMENT        DISTRIBUTION    CUSTOMER       BRANDS AND
                                                               GOODWILL EXPENDITURE           CHANNELS RELATIONSHIPS           OTHER             TOTAL
                                                                     $m             $m             $m              $m            $m               $m
               2019
               A. COMPOSITION
               Cost                                               2,863            756            156             180           112             4,067
               Accumulated amortisation and
               impairment                                              -          (644)          (151)            (149)          (25)            (969)
               Balance at the end of the financial year           2,863            112              5               31            87            3,098

               B. RECONCILIATION OF MOVEMENTS
               Balance at the beginning of the financial
               year                                               2,875            121              36             65            86             3,183
               Additions acquired and developed                       20             43                -              -             -               63
               Disposal through sale of businesses                   (61)              -             (3)            (9)           (1)              (74)
               Amortisation                                             -           (52)           (29)           (25)              -            (106)
               Net foreign exchange movements                         29               -              1               -            2                32
               Balance at the end of the financial year           2,863            112                5            31            87             3,098




               80 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                           SOFTWARE
                                                                        DEVELOPMENT        DISTRIBUTION    CUSTOMER     BRANDS AND
                                                               GOODWILL EXPENDITURE           CHANNELS RELATIONSHIPS         OTHER           TOTAL
                                                                    $m             $m             $m             $m            $m             $m
               2018
               C. COMPOSITION
               Cost                                              2,875            868            156            190            124         4,213
               Accumulated amortisation and
               impairment                                             -          (747)           (120)         (125)           (38)        (1,030)




For personal use only
               Balance at the end of the financial year          2,875            121              36            65             86          3,183

               D. RECONCILIATION OF MOVEMENTS
               Balance at the beginning of the financial
               year                                              2,974             99              66            90           103          3,332
               Additions acquired and developed                        -           81                -             3             -             84
               Disposal through sale of businesses                  (15)             -               -            (1)            -            (16)
               Net movement in discontinued
               operations                                              -              2              -             -            (1)             1
               Transfers to assets held for sale                    (62)             (3)             -             -              -           (65)
               Amortisation                                            -           (58)           (29)          (25)              -         (112)
               Amortisation and impairment charged to
               discontinued operations                                 -            (1)               -             -          (14)           (15)
               Net foreign exchange movements                       (22)             1              (1)           (2)            (2)          (26)
               Balance at the end of the financial year          2,875            121              36            65             86         3,183

               E. IMPAIRMENT
               An impairment charge is recognised in profit or loss when the carrying value of the asset, or Cash Generating Unit (CGU), exceeds
               the calculated recoverable amount. The impairment charge for goodwill cannot be subsequently reversed, whereas for identified
               intangibles the charge can be reversed where estimates used to determine the recoverable amount have changed. For assets with
               indefinite useful lives, which include goodwill, the recoverability of the carrying value of the assets is reviewed for impairment at
               each reporting date, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. The carrying
               amounts of intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed at each reporting date by determining whether there is an
               indication that the carrying values may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the asset is tested for impairment.

               I. Impairment testing of goodwill
               For the purpose of impairment testing goodwill is allocated to CGUs. The recoverable amount of goodwill is determined by value-in-
               use calculations, which estimate the present value of future cash flows by using a post-tax discount rate that reflects current
               market assessment of the risks specific to the CGUs. The carrying value of identified intangible assets is deducted from the value
               generated from the cash flow projections to arrive at a recoverable value for goodwill which is then compared with the carrying
               value of goodwill. Where an impairment is determined, impairment losses relating to CGUs are allocated first to reduce goodwill
               and then to other CGU assets on a pro-rata basis.

               Goodwill is allocated to the following CGUs:

                                                                                                                              2019          2018
                                                                                                                                $m             $m
               Australian Consumer                                                                                             774            756
               Australian Business                                                                                           1,421          1,479
               Australia                                                                                                     2,195          2,235
               New Zealand                                                                                                     668            640
                                                                                                                             2,863          2,875




                                                                                                                                                81
               The following describes the key assumptions on which management based its cash flow projections to undertake the impairment
               testing:
                   Cash flow forecasts are based on ten-year valuation forecasts for growth and profitability.
                   Terminal value is calculated using a perpetuity growth formula based on the cash flow forecast at the end of the relevant
                    valuation forecast period, terminal growth rate in profit or premium and, where appropriate, terminal insurance margin.
                    Terminal growth rates and insurance margins are based on past performance and management's expectations for future
                    performance in each segment and country. The terminal growth rate assumptions used in IAG's impairment assessment for
                    significant CGUs as at 30 June 2019 are: Australian Consumer 4.8% (2018: 4.8%), Australian Business 4.0% (2018: 4.0%) and
                    New Zealand 3.8% (2018: 3.7%).
                   Discount rates reflect a beta and equity risk premium appropriate to IAG, with risk adjustments for individual segments and




For personal use only
                    countries where applicable. The post-tax discount rates used for significant CGUs as at 30 June 2019 are: Australian
                    Consumer 9.5% (2018: 9.5%), Australian Business 9.5% (2018: 9.5%) and New Zealand 10.1% (2018: 10.1%).

               II. Impairment testing of identified intangible assets
               Where the recoverable amount is determined by a value-in-use calculation, it involves the use of accounting estimates and
               assumptions to determine the projected net cash flows, which are discounted using an appropriate discount rate to reflect current
               market assessment of the risks associated with the assets or CGU. A description of the nature of significant intangible assets is
               provided below:
                    The value of distribution channels is derived from future revenue expected to be generated as a result of the existing
                     relationships with the broker networks.
                    Customer relationships represent the present value of future profits expected to arise from existing customer relationships
                     (developed prior to acquisition of the business). The assumptions for the useful life and customer attrition rates are
                     determined based on historical information.
                    Brands represent the revenue-generating value of the acquired brand which is determined using the relief from royalty
                     method.
                    An impairment charge for capitalised software is incurred if there is evidence of obsolescence or significant changes impacting
                     the manner in which an asset is used or expected to be used or there is evidence indicating the economic performance of the
                     asset is not as intended by management.

               F. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               All of the goodwill and intangible assets, other than components of capitalised software development expenditure (internally
               generated), have been acquired.

               Intangible assets are initially recorded at cost at the date of acquisition, being the fair value of the consideration. Internally
               generated intangible assets comprise all directly attributable costs necessary to create, produce and prepare the asset to be
               capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Goodwill is generated as a result of business acquisition and is
               initially measured as the excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the net identifiable assets and liabilities
               acquired. At the date of disposal of a business, attributed goodwill is used to calculate the gain or loss on disposal.

               Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life, including goodwill and certain brands, are not subject to amortisation but to
               impairment testing. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised on a straight-line basis over the period in which the
               related economic benefits are expected to be realised. Amortisation rates and residual values are reviewed annually and any
               changes are accounted for prospectively. Amortisation is recognised within fee-based, corporate and other expenses in the
               consolidated statement of comprehensive income, whilst the amortisation of capitalised software is recognised within the
               insurance profit. The useful lives for each category of intangible assets are as follows:
                   capitalised software: up to 3 years, with major core software infrastructure amortised over a period up to 10 years;
                   distribution channels: 5 to 10 years;
                   customer relationships: 5 to 10 years; and
                   brands and other: up to 20 years, except for certain brands with an indefinite useful life.




               82 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               NOTE 5.2 INCOME TAX
                                                                                                                2019      2018
                                                                                                                  $m        $m
               A. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
               Current tax                                                                                       242       393
               Deferred tax                                                                                      109        (11)
               Under provided in prior year                                                                       12          2
               Income tax expense                                                                                363       384
               Deferred income tax expense/(credit) included in income tax comprises




For personal use only
               Decrease in deferred tax assets                                                                   110          5
               Decrease in deferred tax liabilities                                                                (1)      (16)
                                                                                                                 109        (11)
               B. RECONCILIATION OF PRIMA FACIE TAX TO INCOME TAX EXPENSE
               Profit for the year before income tax                                                            1,332     1,410
               Income tax calculated at 30% (2018: 30%)                                                          400       423
               Amounts which are not deductible/(taxable) in calculating taxable income
               Difference in tax rate                                                                             (43)      (48)
               Impairment not subject to income tax                                                                   -      11
               Rebatable dividends                                                                                  (7)       (4)
               Interest on capital notes and convertible preference shares                                           6         6
               Other                                                                                                (5)       (6)
               Income tax expense applicable to current year                                                     351       382
               Adjustment relating to prior year                                                                   12          2
               Income tax expense attributable to profit for the year from continuing operations after impact
               of tax consolidation                                                                              363       384

               C. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
               I. Composition
               a. AMOUNTS RECOGNISED IN PROFIT
               Property and equipment                                                                             70       106
               Employee benefits                                                                                  81        78
               Insurance provisions                                                                              112       113
               Investments                                                                                        37        30
               Provisions                                                                                          5         6
               Tax losses                                                                                        323       396
                                                                                                                 628       729
               b. AMOUNTS RECOGNISED DIRECTLY IN OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
               Defined benefit superannuation plans                                                                18        11
                                                                                                                  646       740
               c. AMOUNTS SET-OFF AGAINST DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES                                               (193)     (196)
                                                                                                                  453       544
               II. Reconciliation of movements
               Balance at the beginning of the financial year                                                     740      772
               Charged to profit or loss                                                                         (110)        (5)
               Credited/(charged) to equity                                                                          7        (1)
               Adjustments relating to prior year                                                                   (6)      11
               Transfers to assets held for sale                                                                      -     (25)
               Charged to discontinued operations                                                                     -        2
               Foreign exchange differences                                                                        15       (14)
               Balance at the end of the financial year prior to set-off                                          646      740




                                                                                                                             83
               III. Tax losses
               The deferred tax assets from tax losses primarily relate to those incurred in IAG’s New Zealand business as a result of the
               Christchurch earthquake events that occurred in 2010 and 2011 and the 2016 Kaikoura earthquake. In the context of the New
               Zealand Income Tax Act, tax losses carried forward do not expire after a particular period and remain available to offset against
               future income tax liabilities, provided the 49% continuity of shareholding requirement is met at the listed holding company level.


                                                                                                                              2019            2018
                                                                                                                                $m              $m
               D. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES




For personal use only
               I. Composition
               a. AMOUNTS RECOGNISED IN PROFIT
               Investments                                                                                                        67             67
               Intangible assets                                                                                                  21             18
               Other                                                                                                             104            108
                                                                                                                                 192            193
               b. AMOUNTS RECOGNISED DIRECTLY IN OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
               Hedges                                                                                                              1              3
                                                                                                                                 193            196
               c. AMOUNTS SET-OFF AGAINST DEFERRED TAX ASSETS                                                                   (193)          (196)
                                                                                                                                    -              -
               II. Reconciliation of movements
               Balance at the beginning of the financial year                                                                    196            227
               Credited to profit or loss                                                                                          (1)           (16)
               Credited to equity                                                                                                  (2)             (4)
               Transfers to liabilities held for sale                                                                                -           (12)
               Charged to discontinued operations                                                                                    -              1
               Balance at the end of the financial year prior to set-off                                                         193            196

               E. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               I. Income tax
               Income tax expense for a reporting year comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to
               the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in either equity or other comprehensive income.

               II. Current tax
               Current tax assets and liabilities are the expected tax recoverable or payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates for
               each jurisdiction, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous financial periods. These include any rates or laws
               enacted or substantially enacted at the balance sheet date.

               III. Deferred tax
               Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases. Deferred
               tax assets (deductible temporary differences, carried forward unused tax assets and unused tax losses) are recognised to the
               extent it is probable that future taxable profit will be available to utilise them before the unused tax losses or credits expire. In
               making this assessment, IAG considers historical trends of profit generation.

               The following demonstrates other circumstances when no deferred tax asset or liability is recognised:
                   temporary differences if they arose in a transaction, other than a business combination, that at the time of the transaction did
                    not affect either accounting profit or taxable profit or loss;
                   temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of investments in subsidiaries where it is probable that the
                    differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and
                   temporary differences relating to the initial recognition of goodwill.
               IV. Tax consolidation
               The Company and its Australian resident wholly-owned subsidiaries adopted the tax consolidation legislation with effect from 1 July
               2002 and are therefore taxed as a single entity from that date. The Company is the head entity within the tax-consolidated group.




               84 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               NOTE 5.3 PROVISIONS
                                                                                                                             2019           2018
                                                                                                                               $m             $m
               A. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
               I. Expense recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
               Defined contribution superannuation plans                                                                      106            106
               Defined benefit superannuation plans                                                                             5              6
               Share-based remuneration                                                                                        27             32
               Salaries and other employee benefits expense                                                                 1,514          1,472




For personal use only
                                                                                                                            1,652          1,616

               II. Provision recognised on the consolidated balance sheet
               Annual leave                                                                                                    85               87
               Long service leave                                                                                              91               88
               Cash-based incentive arrangements                                                                              103               97
               Defined benefit superannuation plans                                                                            46               17
               Executive performance rights                                                                                    20               16
               Other employee benefits                                                                                          4                4
                                                                                                                              349              309

               The employee benefits provision includes $114 million (2018: $80 million) which is expected to be settled after more than 12
               months from reporting date.


                                                                                                                             2019           2018
                                                                                                                               $m             $m
               B. RESTRUCTURING PROVISION
               Balance at the beginning of the financial year                                                                   18                23
               Additions                                                                                                        48                29
               Amounts settled                                                                                                 (26)              (34)
               Balance at the end of the financial year                                                                         40                18

               The provision primarily comprises restructuring costs in respect of recent operating model changes in Australia and Asia. All
               provisions outstanding at the reporting date are expected to be settled within 12 months (2018: all).

               C. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               I. Annual leave
               Liability for annual leave is recognised at the nominal amounts unpaid at the reporting date using remuneration rates that are
               expected to be paid when the liability is settled, including on-costs.

               II. Long service leave
               A liability for long service leave is recognised as the present value of estimated future cash outflows to be made in respect of
               services provided by employees up to the reporting date. The estimated future cash outflows are discounted using corporate bond
               yields which have terms to maturity that match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outflows. Factors which affect the
               estimated future cash outflows such as expected future salary increases, experience of employee departures and period of service,
               are incorporated in the measurement.

               III. Short-term incentive plan
               The short-term incentive plan continued in operation during the current reporting year. Under the plan, eligible employees have the
               capacity to earn an incentive, calculated as a proportion of their base salary, which is paid in cash each year. The incentive
               opportunity is set depending on an employee's role and responsibilities. The majority of employees are on a 10%, 15% or 20% plan.
               The incentive payments are determined based on an assessment of individual performance and achievement of a range of Group,
               business unit and individual goals.

               IV. Superannuation
               For defined benefit superannuation plans, the net financial position of the plans is recognised on the balance sheet and the
               movement in the net financial position is recognised in profit or loss, except for remeasurements of defined benefit plans
               (experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions), which are recognised directly in retained earnings. For defined
               contribution superannuation plans, obligations for contributions are recognised in profit or loss as they become payable.

               V. Executive performance rights
               Executive performance rights (EPRs) issued after July 2013 are indeterminate rights in that they can be cash-settled or equity-
               settled. The choice of settlement is with the Board. Liabilities for the EPRs that are cash-settled are recognised as employee
               benefit expense over the relevant service period. The liabilities are remeasured to fair value at each reporting date and are
               presented as employee benefit obligations in the balance sheet.



                                                                                                                                                  85
               VI. Restructuring provision
               A provision is recognised for the expected costs associated with restructuring where there is a detailed formal plan for restructure
               and a valid expectation has been raised in those persons expected to be affected. The provision is based on the direct expenditure
               to be incurred which is both directly and necessarily caused by the restructuring and may include termination benefits. It does not
               include costs associated with ongoing activities. The adequacy of the provision is reviewed regularly and adjusted if required.
               Revisions to the estimated amount of a restructuring provision are reported in the period in which the revision to the estimate
               occurs.

               6. GROUP STRUCTURE




For personal use only
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section provides disclosures on the Group structure, including details of the significant controlled entities and equity
               accounted investments. It also provides details of any significant acquisitions and divestments during the year.


               NOTE 6.1 DISPOSALS OF BUSINESSES
               A. THAILAND OPERATIONS
               IAG completed the sale of its Thailand operations, which included Safety Insurance Public Company Limited, on 31 August 2018.
               Details of the sale are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                  2019
                                                                                                                                               Thailand
                                                                                                                                                    $m
               Consideration received:
                Cash consideration                                                                                                                 515
                Withholding tax and stamp duty                                                                                                       (9)
               Net cash consideration received                                                                                                     506

               Carrying amount of net assets disposed of                                                                                          (209)
               Non-controlling interests                                                                                                              2
               Other transaction costs, net of tax                                                                                                  (80)
               Gain on sale before income tax and reclassification of foreign currency translation reserve                                         219

               Reclassification of foreign currency translation reserve                                                                             (11)
               Gain on sale after income tax                                                                                                       208


               The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities as at the date of sale (31 August 2018) were:

                                                                                                                                           31 August
                                                                                                                                               2018
                                                                                                                                            Thailand
                                                                                                                                                  $m
               Cash held for operational purposes                                                                                                 25
               Investments*                                                                                                                      270
               Trade and other receivables                                                                                                        70
               Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims                                                                             81
               Deferred insurance expenses                                                                                                       112
               Other assets                                                                                                                       32
               Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                                     65
               Total assets held for sale                                                                                                        655

               Trade and other payables                                                                                                             78
               Outstanding claims liability                                                                                                        154
               Unearned premium liability                                                                                                          200
               Other liabilities                                                                                                                    14
               Total liabilities held for sale                                                                                                     446

               Net assets                                                                                                                          209
               *        Includes cash and short-term money held in investments of $98 million.




               86 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               NOTE 6.2 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
               On 19 June 2018, IAG announced it had entered into a sale agreement with Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (Tokio
               Marine) for IAG’s operations in Thailand and Indonesia. Separate to the transactions with Tokio Marine, IAG has reached an
               agreement to sell its interest in AAA Assurance Corporation, based in Vietnam. As a result of the sale agreements, these
               consolidated Asian businesses have been identified and presented as discontinued operations from the 2018 financial year. The
               sale of IAG's Thailand operations was completed on 31 August 2018, with the performance of this operation being included up to
               this date. The remaining transactions with regards to the sale of IAG's operations in Vietnam and Indonesia are expected to
               conclude in the first half of the 2020 financial year, subject to the receipt of requisite regulatory approvals and/or notifications.

                                                                                                                                                                   2019                2018




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                     $m                  $m
               A. RESULTS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
               Revenue                                                                                                                                               224                493
               Expenses                                                                                                                                             (227)              (516)
               Loss before income tax                                                                                                                                  (3)               (23)
               Income tax expense                                                                                                                                      (1)                 (2)
               Loss for the year from discontinued operations                                                                                                          (4)               (25)
               Gain on sale of subsidiaries after income tax (see Note 6.1)                                                                                          208                     -
               Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations                                                                                                            204                 (25)
               Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                                                                                 20                    1
               Total comprehensive income/(loss) from discontinued operations                                                                                        224                 (24)

               Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to shareholders of the Parent                                                                                 205                 (24)
               Loss for the year attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                             (1)                 (1)
               Profit/(loss) for the year from discontinued operations                                                                                               204                 (25)

               Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year attributable shareholders of the Parent                                                                225                 (23)
               Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable non-controlling interests                                                                            (1)                 (1)
               Total comprehensive income/(loss) from discontinued operations                                                                                        224                 (24)

               B. EARNINGS PER SHARE FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
               Basic earnings per share, from discontinued operations – cents per share                                                                             8.81               (1.02)
               Diluted earnings per share, from discontinued operations – cents per share                                                                           8.14               (0.96)

               C. CASH FLOW FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
               Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                               (24)               (47)
               Net cash flows from investing activities*                                                                                                             382                  34
               Net cash flows from financing activities                                                                                                                23                  (4)
               Net cash flows for the year from discontinued operations                                                                                              381                 (17)
               *        The net cash flows from investing activities for the year ended 30 June 2019 include a net inflow of $383 million from the sale of IAG's Thailand operations, which
                        comprises the net cash consideration received of $506 million and the cash and cash equivalents disposed of totalling $123 million.




                                                                                                                                                                                              87
               D. ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE
               As at 30 June 2018, the assets and liabilities that were classified as held for sale related to IAG's consolidated businesses in
               Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia. Following the completion of the sale of the operations in Thailand, the remaining assets and
               liabilities classified as held for sale now relate to the businesses in Vietnam and Indonesia.

                                                                                                                                 2019           2018
                                                                                                                                   $m             $m
               Cash held for operational purposes                                                                                  10             32
               Investments                                                                                                         33            282




For personal use only
               Trade and other receivables                                                                                          3             72
               Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims                                                               3             52
               Deferred insurance expenses                                                                                          3            111
               Other assets                                                                                                         8             41
               Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                       1             65
               Total assets held for sale                                                                                          61            655

               Trade and other payables                                                                                              7             65
               Outstanding claims liability                                                                                          9            157
               Unearned premium liability                                                                                           10            206
               Other liabilities                                                                                                     1             16
               Total liabilities held for sale                                                                                      27            444

               E. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a
               sale transaction rather than through continuing use and a sale is considered highly probable. They are measured at the lower of
               their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell, except for assets such as deferred tax assets, assets arising from employee
               benefits, financial assets and contractual rights under insurance contracts, which are specifically exempt from this requirement.
               Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale are presented separately in the balance sheet.

               An impairment loss is recognised for any initial or subsequent write-down of the asset (or disposal group) to fair value less costs to
               sell. A gain is recognised for any subsequent increases in fair value less costs to sell of an asset (or disposal group), but not in
               excess of any cumulative impairment loss previously recognised. A gain or loss not previously recognised by the date of the sale of
               the non-current asset (or disposal group) is recognised at the date of derecognition.

               Non-current assets (including those that are part of a disposal group) are not depreciated or amortised while they are classified as
               held for sale. Interest and other expenses attributable to the liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for sale continue to be
               recognised.

               A discontinued operation is a component of the entity that has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale and that represents
               a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations, is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of such a line
               of business or area of operations, or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. The results of discontinued
               operations are presented separately in the statement of profit or loss. When an operation is classified as a discontinued operation,
               the comparative statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income is re-presented as if the operation had been
               discontinued from the start of the comparative year.




               88 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               NOTE 6.3 DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES
               The following table details IAG’s general insurance operations and other significant controlled entities:

                                                                                                                               COUNTRY OF
                                                                                                                               INCORPORATION/            EXTENT OF BENEFICIAL
                                                                                                                               FORMATION                 INTEREST IF NOT 100%
                                                                                                                                                             2019        2018
                                                                                                                                                                %           %
               A. ULTIMATE PARENT




For personal use only
               Insurance Australia Group Limited                                                                               Australia

               B. SUBSIDIARIES
               I. Australian general insurance operations
               Insurance Australia Limited                                                                                     Australia
               Insurance Manufacturers of Australia Pty Limited                                                                Australia                      70.00           70.00

               II. New Zealand general insurance operations
               AMI Insurance Limited                                                                                           New Zealand
               IAG New Zealand Limited                                                                                         New Zealand
               Lumley General Insurance (NZ) Limited                                                                           New Zealand

               III. International insurance operations
               AAA Assurance Corporation*                                                                                      Vietnam                        73.07           73.07
               IAG Re Labuan (L) Berhad                                                                                        Malaysia
               IAG Re Singapore Pte Ltd                                                                                        Singapore
               PT Asuransi Parolamas*                                                                                          Indonesia                      80.00           80.00
               Safety Insurance Public Company Limited*                                                                        Thailand                            -          98.61

               IV. Corporate operations
               IAG Finance (New Zealand) Limited                                                                               Australia

               *        On 19 June 2018, IAG announced the sale of its businesses in Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia. The sale of the Thailand operations was completed on 31 August
                        2018. Refer to Note 6.2.


               NOTE 6.4 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
               A. SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
               Set out below is summarised financial information (before intercompany eliminations) of controlled entities where significant non-
               controlling interests exist, being Insurance Manufacturers of Australia Pty Limited of which IAG's beneficial interest is 70%.

                                                                                                                                                                   INSURANCE
                                                                                                                                                           MANUFACTURERS OF
                                                                                                                                                         AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                           2019           2018
                                                                                                                                                             $m             $m
               I. Summarised statement of comprehensive income
               Net premium revenue                                                                                                                           3,344             3,085
               Profit after tax attributable to the Parent entity                                                                                              229                186
               Profit after tax attributable to non-controlling interest                                                                                        98                 79
               Other comprehensive income                                                                                                                        (2)                1
               Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                      325                266

               II. Summarised balance sheet
               Total assets                                                                                                                                  4,603             4,136
               Total liabilities                                                                                                                            (3,619)           (3,237)
               Net assets                                                                                                                                      984               899
               Carrying amount of non-controlling interest                                                                                                     295                270

               III. Summarised cash flow
               Net cash flows from operating and investing activities                                                                                          168                  34
               Dividends paid to other IAG entities                                                                                                           (168)                (83)
               Dividends paid to non-controlling interest                                                                                                       (72)               (36)
               Total net cash flows                                                                                                                             (72)               (85)


                                                                                                                                                                                       89
               NOTE 6.5 INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURE AND ASSOCIATES
               A. INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURE AND ASSOCIATES
               Summarised information of interests in material associates and joint venture accounted for on an equity basis is as follows:

                                                                     COUNTRY OF
                                                                     INCORPORATION/                                                                                          OWNERSHIP
                                                                     FORMATION                   PRINCIPAL ACTIVITY                      CARRYING VALUE                        INTEREST
                                                                                                                                           2019           2018         2019           2018
                                                                                                                                              $m            $m               %            %




For personal use only
               AmGeneral Holdings Berhad
               (AmGeneral)                                           Malaysia                    Insurance underwriting                     356           392         49.00          49.00
               SBI General Insurance Company
               Limited (SBI General)                                 India                       Insurance underwriting                     172           139         26.00          26.00
               Other                                                                                                                         16            26
                                                                                                                                            544           557

               B. SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
               Summarised financial information of material associates is provided below. The summarised financial information represents the
               financial position and performance of the entities as a whole (100% stand-alone basis) and not just IAG's share. The financial
               statements below are for the year ended 31 March 2019.

                                                                                                                                            2019                                   2018
                                                                                                                                      SBI General                             SBI General
                                                                                                                    AmGeneral          Insurance            AmGeneral          Insurance
                                                                                                                     Holdings           Company               Holdings          Company
                                                                                                                      Berhad              Limited              Berhad             Limited
                                                                                                                          $m                  $m                   $m                 $m
               I. Summarised statement of comprehensive income
               Revenue                                                                                                      570              1,004                  519                784

               Profit after tax                                                                                               71                  65                  74                 79
               Other comprehensive expense                                                                                      -                   -                  (1)                 -
               Total comprehensive income                                                                                     71                  65                  73                 79

               II. Summarised balance sheet
               Total assets                                                                                              1,914              1,502                1,982              1,185
               Total liabilities                                                                                        (1,210)            (1,131)              (1,198)              (887)
               Net assets as at reporting date                                                                             704                 371                  784                298
               IAG's ownership interest                                                                                    345                  96                  384                 77
               Other adjustments*                                                                                           11                  76                    8                 62
               Carrying value as at 30 June                                                                                356                 172                  392                139
               *        Other adjustments include IFRS adjustments, foreign exchange revaluations, goodwill, intangibles and share of profit/(loss) from financial statement date to 30 June.

               None of the associates are listed on a stock exchange. Those entities that do not have a 30 June financial year end are equity
               accounted using financial information for the reporting year to 30 June which includes, at least in part, unaudited management
               results.




               90 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               C. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               IAG's investments in its associates and joint venture are accounted for using the equity method and are those entities over which it
               exercises significant influence or joint control, generally reflecting a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights of
               an entity. The investment in associates is initially recognised at cost (fair value of consideration provided plus directly attributable
               costs) and subsequently adjusted for the post-acquisition change in the investor's share of net assets of the investee. The
               investor's share of the profit or loss of the investee is included in the profit or loss of IAG and disclosed as a separate line in the
               consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Distributions received reduce the carrying amount of the investment and are
               not included as dividend revenue of IAG. Movements in the total equity of the investee that are not recognised in the profit or loss
               of the investee are recognised directly in equity of IAG and disclosed in the statement of changes in equity. The carrying values of
               the investments are reviewed annually for impairment.




For personal use only
               Where an entity either began or ceased to be an associate during the current financial reporting year, the investment is equity
               accounted from the date significant influence commenced or up to the date significant influence ceased.

               The financial statements of associates are adjusted where necessary to comply with the significant accounting policies of IAG.

               When the investor's share of losses exceeds its interest in the investee, the carrying amount of the investment is reduced to nil and
               recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the investor has incurred obligations or made payments on
               behalf of the investee.


               NOTE 6.6 PARENT ENTITY DISCLOSURES
               The ultimate Parent entity in the Group is Insurance Australia Group Limited, which is incorporated in Australia. The following
               information of the Parent entity is disclosed as required by the current regulatory requirements in Australia.

                                                                                                                                             PARENT
                                                                                                                                2019           2018
                                                                                                                                  $m             $m
               A. FINANCIAL RESULTS
               Profit for the year                                                                                               511          1,428
               Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                                               511          1,428
               B. FINANCIAL POSITION
               Current assets                                                                                                    238             12
               Total assets                                                                                                   10,441         10,789
               Current liabilities                                                                                                87            159
               Total liabilities                                                                                               2,047          1,563
               C. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
               Share capital                                                                                                   6,617          7,082
               Retained earnings                                                                                               1,777          2,144
               Total shareholders' equity                                                                                      8,394          9,226

               D. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
               There are no known material exposures to the Parent or events that would require it to satisfy any guarantees or take action under
               a support agreement (2018: nil).

               Recognition and measurement
               Contingent liabilities are not recognised on the balance sheet but are disclosed where the possibility of settlement is less than
               probable but more than remote. Provisions are not required with respect to these matters as it is not probable that a future
               sacrifice of economic benefits will be required or the amount is not reliably measurable. If settlement becomes probable, a
               provision is recognised. The best estimate of the settlement amount is used in measuring a contingent liability for disclosure.

               E. COMMITMENTS
               The Parent has no material commitments (2018: nil).




                                                                                                                                                   91
               7. UNRECOGNISED ITEMS
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section provides an overview of those items that are not required to be recognised in the financial statements, but may have
               informative content in relation to IAG’s performance or financial position and are required to be disclosed under the accounting
               standards. These include:
                   contingencies – these primarily relate to contingent liabilities that are only recognised in the financial statements when their
                    settlement becomes probable or the amount to be settled can be reliably measured;
                   commitments – this note provides information on IAG’s future contractual obligations, which includes those in relation to




For personal use only
                    signed property lease agreements; and
                   events subsequent to reporting date – information is included on non-adjusting events, favourable and unfavourable, that
                    occur between the end of the reporting period and the date when the financial statements are authorised for issue. For
                    example, disclosure of the final dividend in relation to a financial year as it is declared to be paid by the Board subsequent to
                    the reporting date.


               NOTE 7.1 CONTINGENCIES
               In the normal course of business, transactions are entered into that may generate a range of contingent liabilities. These include
               litigation arising out of insurance policies and IAG's undertakings for maintenance of net worth and liquidity support to subsidiaries.
               Such undertakings constitute a statement of present intent only and are not intended to give rise to any binding legal obligation.
               The Directors are of the opinion that provisions are not required in respect of these matters, as it is either not probable that a
               future sacrifice of economic benefits will be required or the amount is not capable of reliable measurement.

               IAG conducts fiduciary activities in the form of investment management as it operates as manager, custodian or trustee for a
               number of investments and trusts. The funds managed on behalf of third parties which are not included in IAG's balance sheet had
               a fair value as at the reporting date of $358 million (2018: $335 million).

               As at 30 June 2019, the Group had a contingent liability in respect of the matter outlined below:
                   As was communicated in an ASX announcement dated 11 April 2019, IAG confirms that a representative proceeding has been
                    filed by Johnson Winter & Slattery in the Federal Court of Australia against its subsidiaries, Swann Insurance (Aust) Pty Ltd and
                    Insurance Australia Limited, on behalf of Jones Asirifi Otchere. Given that these proceedings are at a very early stage, it is
                    currently not possible to determine the ultimate impact of this claim, if any, upon IAG. IAG is defending this claim.

               NOTE 7.2 COMMITMENTS
                                                                                                                               2019           2018
                                                                                                                                 $m             $m
               A. OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS
               I. Property
               Due within 1 year                                                                                                  75             84
               Due within 1 to 2 years                                                                                            75             89
               Due within 2 to 5 years                                                                                           205            237
               Due after 5 years                                                                                                 363            559
                                                                                                                                 718            969
               II. Equipment
               Due within 1 year                                                                                                  23             25
               Due within 1 to 2 years                                                                                            42             13
               Due within 2 to 5 years                                                                                             9             32
                                                                                                                                  74             70
                                                                                                                                 792          1,039
               III. Sub-lease payments
               Future minimum lease payments expected to be received in relation to non-cancellable sub-
               leases of operating leases                                                                                         41               -

               B. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Certain properties, motor vehicles and computer equipment are leased under non-cancellable operating leases. Most leases are
               subject to annual review and, where appropriate, a right of renewal has been incorporated into the lease agreements. There are no
               options to purchase the relevant assets on expiry of the lease.

               Operating lease payments are recognised as an expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on a straight-line
               basis over the term of the lease. The operating lease incentives received are initially recognised as a liability, presented as trade
               and other payables, and are subsequently reduced through recognition in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the period of
               the lease.




               92 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               NOTE 7.3 EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE
               As the following events occurred after reporting date and did not relate to conditions existing at reporting date, no account has
               been taken of them in the financial statements for the current reporting year ended 30 June 2019. These include:
                   On 8 August 2019, the Board determined to pay a final dividend of 20.0 cents per share, 70% franked. The dividend will be
                    paid on 30 September 2019. The DRP will operate by acquiring shares on-market for participants with no discount applied.

               8. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES
               SECTION INTRODUCTION
               This section includes other information that must be disclosed to comply with the Accounting Standards, Corporations Act and ASX




For personal use only
               Listing Rules, but which are considered less relevant to understanding IAG's performance or financial position.


               NOTE 8.1 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                                                                             2019           2018
                                                                                                                               $m             $m
               A. COMPOSITION OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
               Cash held for operational purposes                                                                              538            448
               Cash and short-term money held in investments                                                                 1,121            753
               Cash and cash equivalents in discontinued operations                                                             39            144
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     1,698          1,345

               B. RECONCILIATION OF PROFIT FOR THE YEAR TO NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
               Profit for the year                                                                                           1,173          1,001
               I. Non-cash items
               Net (gains) and losses on disposal of subsidiaries excluding transaction costs                                 (300)                -
               Net gains on investments                                                                                       (191)            (31)
               Amortisation of intangible assets and impairment                                                                106            161
               Depreciation of property and equipment                                                                            64             58
               Other non-cash items                                                                                             (16)             (1)
               II. Movement in operating assets and liabilities
               Insurance assets                                                                                               (398)        (1,335)
               Insurance liabilities                                                                                            (37)           (70)
               Net movement in other operating assets and liabilities                                                          217            174
               Net movement in tax assets and liabilities                                                                       (91)             (9)
               Provisions                                                                                                        62              (1)
               Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                        589             (53)

               C. SIGNIFICANT NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO FINANCING AND INVESTING TRANSACTIONS
               There were no financing or investing transactions during the year which have had a material effect on the assets and liabilities that
               did not involve cash flows.

               D. RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
               Cash and cash equivalents represent cash at bank and on hand, deposits at call and short-term money held in investments, net of
               any bank overdraft. Money held in investments is readily convertible to cash within two working days and subject to insignificant
               risk of change in value. The majority of the amounts bear variable rates of interest based on daily bank deposit rates. Those
               balances bearing a fixed rate of interest mature in less than one year.




                                                                                                                                                 93
               NOTE 8.2 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
               A. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL
               I. Details of compensation
               Key management personnel (KMP) are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the
               activities of the entity, directly or indirectly, including any Director (whether Executive or otherwise) of that entity. It is important to
               note that the Company’s Non-Executive Directors are specifically required to be included as KMP in accordance with AASB 124
               Related Party Disclosures. However, the Non-Executive Directors do not consider that they are part of 'management'. The
               aggregate compensation disclosed in the table below represents the KMP’s estimated compensation received from IAG in relation
               to their involvement in the activities within the Group.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                   2019            2018
                                                                                                                                   $000            $000
               Short-term employee benefits                                                                                       12,854          14,098
               Post-employment benefits                                                                                              333             326
               Other long-term benefits                                                                                               14              89
               Termination benefits                                                                                                     -            810
               Share-based payments                                                                                                8,856           8,769
                                                                                                                                  22,057          24,092

               II. Other benefits
               Remuneration does not include premiums paid by IAG for an insurance contract covering current and former Non-Executive
               Directors' and Executives' liabilities and legal expenses incurred in respect of the relevant office, as the insurance policies do not
               specify premiums paid on behalf of specific individual Non-Executive Directors and Executives and the terms of the contract
               specifically prohibit the disclosure of the premium paid. Insurance products provided by IAG are available to all Non-Executive
               Directors and Executives on the same terms and conditions available to other employees.

               NOTE 8.3 REMUNERATION OF AUDITORS
                                                                                                                                    2019            2018
                                                                                                                                    $000            $000
               A. KPMG
               Audit of the financial statements prepared for the Parent and subsidiaries                                          7,504           7,762
               Audit of statutory returns in accordance with regulatory requirements                                                 576             585
               Other assurance services                                                                                              175             121
               Advisory services                                                                                                   3,031           2,620
               Total remuneration of auditors                                                                                     11,286          11,088

               In relation to the Royal Commission, IAG engaged external legal advisors. As part of this engagement, the legal advisors appointed
               IAG’s auditors, KPMG, to provide project administration, documentation and preparation assistance, process and control review
               and testing and general assistance. During the 2019 financial year, the costs incurred for this engagement relating to KPMG
               totalled $1,526 thousand (2018: $1,503 thousand), which have been presented within advisory services costs above.

               NOTE 8.4 NET TANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                                                    2019            2018
                                                                                                                                        $               $
               Net tangible assets per ordinary share                                                                                1.43            1.47

               Net tangible assets per ordinary share have been determined using the net assets on the balance sheet adjusted for non-
               controlling interests, intangible assets and goodwill.

               NOTE 8.5 IMPACT OF NEW AUSTRALIAN ACCOUNTING STANDARDS ISSUED
               A. ISSUED AND EFFECTIVE
               The new Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations applicable for the current reporting year are given below. The
               adoption of these standards did not have a material financial impact:

               TITLE               DESCRIPTION
               AASB 9              Financial Instruments
               AASB 15             Revenue from Contracts with Customers
               AASB 2016-5         Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions
               AASB 2017-1         Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Transfers of Investment Property, Annual Improvements
                                   2014-2016 Cycle and Other Amendments
               AASB 2017-3         Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Clarifications to AASB 4
               AASB Interpretation Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration
               22



               94 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               AASB 9 Financial Instruments
               For IAG, AASB 9 Financial Instruments became effective for periods beginning on 1 July 2018, replacing the existing accounting
               requirements for financial instruments under AASB 139 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. AASB 9 introduces
               changes to the classification and measurement of financial instruments, replaces the ‘incurred loss’ impairment model with a new
               ‘expected loss’ model when recognising expected credit losses on financial assets, and includes new general hedge accounting
               requirements.

               IAG has applied AASB 9 retrospectively, with no material change to the carrying amount of its financial instruments when measured
               under the requirements of AASB 9. From a classification perspective, there was no impact on IAG’s financial instruments as
               reflected in the table below. IAG’s investments continue to be designated as at fair value through profit or loss on initial
               recognition and subsequently remeasured to fair value at each reporting date, reflecting the business model applied by IAG to




For personal use only
               manage and evaluate its investment portfolio. An analysis has been performed of the lifetime expected credit losses associated
               with IAG's in-scope financial assets and the provisions raised under AASB 139 are sufficient when considering the lifetime expected
               credit losses associated with these assets. AASB 9 specifically excludes from its scope the rights and obligations arising from
               insurance contracts, as defined under AASB 4 Insurance Contracts.

               The measurement bases of IAG's financial assets and liabilities under AASB 139 and AASB 9 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                         Carrying amount of
                                                                         Measurement basis                                     Measurement basis                     asset/(liability) as at 1
               Asset/liability                                           under AASB 139                                        under AASB 9                        July 2017 under AASB 9
                                                                                                                                                                             and AASB 139
                                                                                                                                                                                           $m
               Interest-bearing investments(1)                           Fair value through profit or loss                     No change                                             10,368
               Equity investments                                        Fair value through profit or loss                     No change                                               1,578
               Other trusts                                              Fair value through profit or loss                     No change                                                 158
               Derivatives without hedge                                 Fair value through profit or loss                     No change
               accounting applied(2)                                                                                                                                                           33
               Derivatives with hedge                                    Fair value through other                              No change
               accounting applied                                        comprehensive income                                                                                                11
               Cash                                                      Amortised cost                                        No change                                                    424
               Trade and other receivables(3)                            Amortised cost                                        No change                                                    535
               Interest-bearing liabilities                              Amortised cost                                        No change                                                 (1,624)
               Other payables(4)                                         Amortised cost                                        No change                                                   (701)
               (1)      Interest-bearing investments includes assets held to back insurance liabilities (policyholder funds) and those that form part of shareholders' funds, with each portfolio
                        managed separately. Policyholder funds are available for future settlement of claims and can generally be readily sold or exchanged for cash to settle claims. IAG
                        invests policyholder funds, wherever possible, in securities with interest rate sensitivities that align to the underlying insurance liabilities. To significantly reduce any
                        accounting mismatch with movements in insurance liabilities from changes in interest rate, IAG adopted the option available under AASB 9 to designate policyholder
                        funds to be measured at fair value through profit or loss. IAG invests shareholders' funds to maximise the return on risk-based capital, consistent with IAG's risk appetite
                        and flexibility requirements, which results in the portfolio being measured at fair value through profit or loss.
               (2)      Derivatives without hedge accounting applied include derivatives for both investment and treasury purposes.
               (3)      This excludes receivables arising from IAG's insurance contracts as these are out of scope of AASB 9 and derivatives disclosed in 'derivatives with/without hedge
                        accounting applied' above.
               (4)      This excludes derivatives disclosed in 'derivatives with/without hedge accounting applied' above.

               AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
               AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers also became effective for periods beginning on 1 July 2018, with no material
               impact to IAG. AASB 15 introduces a single model for the recognition of revenue based on when an entity satisfies the contractual
               performance obligations by transferring a promised good and service to a customer. It does not apply to insurance contracts and
               financial instruments. Hence the majority of IAG’s revenue is not impacted by this change. Revenue from contracts with
               customers, as defined by AASB 15, is disclosed as ‘Fee and other income’ in the statement of comprehensive income. Whilst IAG
               has adopted the standard retrospectively, there has been no material change in the measurement of 'Fee and other income' on
               implementation of AASB 15 as the existing recognition and measurement of revenue under the applicable contracts meets the
               requirements under the new standard.




                                                                                                                                                                                               95
               B. ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE
               As at the date of this financial report, there are a number of new and revised accounting standards published by the Australian
               Accounting Standards Board for which the mandatory application dates fall after the end of this current reporting year.

               None of these standards have been early adopted and applied in the current reporting year.

               TITLE                DESCRIPTION                                                                     OPERATIVE DATE        NOTE
               AASB 16              Leases                                                                          1 January 2019        C
               AASB 17              Insurance Contracts                                                             1 January 2021        B
               AASB 2014-10         Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Sale or Contribution of         1 January 2022        A




For personal use only
                                    Assets between an Investor and its Associate
               AASB 2015-10         Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Effective Date of               1 January 2022        A
                                    Amendments to AASB 10 and AASB 128
               AASB 2017-6          Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Prepayment Features with        1 January 2019        A
                                    Negative Compensation
               AASB 2017-7          Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Long-term Interests in          1 January 2019        A
                                    Associates and Joint Ventures
               AASB 2018-1          Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Annual Improvements             1 January 2019        A
                                    2015–2017 Cycle
               AASB 2018-2          Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Plan Amendment,                 1 January 2019        A
                                    Curtailment or Settlement
               AASB 2018-6          Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Definition of a Business        1 January 2020        A
               AASB 2018-7          Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Definition of Material          1 January 2020        A
               AASB                 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments, and relevant amending standards         1 January 2019        A
               Interpretation 23
               Conceptual           Amendments to standards to apply the new definition and recognition criteria    1 January 2020        A
               Framework            in the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
               TABLE NOTE
               A These changes are not expected to have a significant, if any, financial and disclosure impact.
               B The changes may have financial impact, however the assessment has not been completed yet.
               C These changes are not expected to have a significant financial impact, but will result in additional disclosure.
               The Australian Accounting Standards and amendments detailed in the table above are not mandatory for IAG until the operative
               dates stated, however, early adoption is permitted. IAG currently plans to apply the standards and amendments detailed above for
               the reporting periods beginning on or after the operative dates set out above.
               AASB 16 Leases
               AASB 16, which was issued in 2016, sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of
               leases. It will replace the existing accounting requirements for leases, under AASB 117, effective from 1 July 2019 for IAG.

               AASB 16 requires lessees to recognise most leases on the balance sheet in the form of a right-of-use asset (ROUA) and a
               corresponding lease liability. The standard allows exemptions for short-term leases (less than 12 months) and for leases on low
               value assets. The new standard is expected to impact leases which are currently classified as operating leases, being
               predominantly property and motor vehicle leases.

               As a result of the adoption of AASB 16, IAG will recognise depreciation expense on ROUAs, on a straight-line basis over the lease
               term, and interest expense on lease liabilities.

               On transition to AASB 16, IAG has applied a modified retrospective approach to leases previously measured as operating leases
               under AASB 117. The modified retrospective approach provides two options for measurement of the ROUA. The first option is to
               measure the ROUA as an amount equal to the lease liability adjusted for any prepaid or accrued lease payments. The second
               option is to measure the ROUA as if AASB 16 had always been applied from the initial recognition of the lease. These
               measurement options will be applied on a lease-by-lease basis.

               As at 1 July 2019, IAG recognised lease liabilities of $655 million, ROUAs of $561 million and net investment in sublease of $35
               million. IAG has applied the modified retrospective approach on adoption of the standard. Under this approach, the cumulative
               effect of adoption is recognised as an adjustment to opening retained earnings as at 1 July 2019, with no restatement of
               comparative information.




               96 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               AASB 17 Insurance Contracts
               AASB 17, a new accounting standard for insurance contracts, was adopted by the Australian Accounting Standards Board on 19
               July 2017 subsequent to being issued by the IASB on 18 May 2017. The standard is expected to be effective for periods beginning
               1 January 2022 (subject to approval of the proposed one year delay). The first applicable reporting period for IAG is expected to be
               the year ending 30 June 2023, with the comparative period for the year ending 30 June 2022. The standard introduces a new
               general measurement model for accounting for insurance contracts, with the application of a simplified approach (similar to AASB
               1023) permitted in certain circumstances. IAG is currently undertaking a detailed impact assessment of the new standard, and it is
               expected that the vast majority of insurance contracts underwritten by the Group will meet the requirements of the simplified
               approach (based on current portfolio mix). However, there are expected to be substantial changes in the presentation of the
               financial statements and disclosures.




For personal use only
               In addition to the proposed one-year delay in the effective date of the standard, the IASB has proposed wording changes intended
               to remedy implementation issues identified to date. These proposed changes have been included in an exposure draft issued on
               26 June 2019, and are subject to a 90-day comment period before they can be finalised. Given the potential for change in the
               standard, and the complexity and differing interpretation of the requirements, the final impact of certain requirements may not be
               determined until global interpretations and regulatory responses to the new standard reach a broad consensus.




                                                                                                                                               97
               DIRECTORS' DECLARATION
               In the opinion of the Directors of Insurance Australia Group Limited:

                       the financial statements and notes 1 to 8.5, including all the remuneration disclosures that are contained in the Remuneration
                        Report of the Directors’ Report, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 including:
                         giving a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2019 and of their performance, as




For personal use only
                             represented by the results of their operations and their cash flows, for the year ended on that date;
                           complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; and
                           the financial report also complies with International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed in Note 1.2.B; and

                       the Remuneration Report of the Directors’ Report complies with the Corporations Act 2001 and Australian Accounting
                        Standards; and
                       there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and
                        payable.

               The Directors have been given the declaration required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the Chief Executive
               Officer and the Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2019.

               Signed at Sydney this 8th day of August 2019 in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




               Peter Harmer
               Director




               98 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               INDEPENDENT
               AUDITOR'S REPORT
               TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF INSURANCE AUSTRALIA GROUP LIMITED
               REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL REPORT
               Opinion




For personal use only
               We have audited the Financial Report of Insurance Australia                           The Financial Report comprises:
               Group Limited (the Company).                                                              Consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2019;
               In our opinion, the accompanying Financial Report of the                                  Consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
                                                                                                          Consolidated statement of changes in equity, and
               Company is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
                                                                                                          Consolidated cash flow statement for the year then
               including:
                                                                                                          ended;
                   giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position
                    as at 30 June 2019 and of its financial performance for                              Notes including a summary of significant accounting
                    the year ended on that date; and                                                      policies; and
                   complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the                               Directors’ Declaration.
                    Corporations Regulations 2001.
                                                                                                     The Group consists of the Company and the entities it
                                                                                                     controlled at the year-end or from time to time during the
                                                                                                     financial year.
               Basis for opinion
               We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
               sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
               Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial
               Report section of our report.
               We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting
               Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to
               our audit of the Financial Report in Australia. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
               Key Audit Matters
               The Key Audit Matters we identified are:                                          Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional
                       Valuation of Gross outstanding claims liability                          judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
                                                                                                 Financial Report of the current period.
                       Valuation of Reinsurance and other recoveries on
                        outstanding claims                                                       These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
                       Valuation of Goodwill and Investment in joint venture and                Financial Report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
                        associates                                                               and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
               Valuation of Gross outstanding claims liability ($10,296 million)
               Refer to Note 2.2 of the Financial Report
               The key audit matter                                                              How the matter was addressed in our audit
               Valuation of Gross outstanding claims liability is a key audit                    We involved our actuarial specialists and senior personnel with
               matter due to the following factors:                                              deep industry experience. Our key procedures included:
                       judgement is required by us to consider the central
                        estimate of the gross outstanding claims liability. This is a                   comparing the Group’s actuarial methodologies with the
                        significant estimate as the eventual outcomes of incurred                        methodologies applied in the industry, prior periods and the
                        but unsettled claims at the balance sheet date are                               requirements of accounting standards;
                        inherently uncertain;                                                           obtaining an understanding of the Group’s governance
                       there is limited information available and a greater level of                    processes, including Reserving Committees and actuarial
                        uncertainty inherent in assessing the Group’s estimations                        control cycles for the valuation of the outstanding claims
                        of claims which have been incurred by the balance sheet                          liabilities;
                        date but have not yet been reported to the Group;




                                                                                                                                                                         99
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative (“KPMG
               International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                       judgement is required when considering the Group’s                            evaluating the actuarial methodologies and the
                        application of historical experience of claims development                     assumptions including loss ratios, claim frequency and
                        to determine current estimates, including the greater                          average size of claims, ultimate claims costs and allowance
                        variability between the original estimation and the ultimate                   for future claims inflation applied in the previous reporting
                        settlement of claims where there is a long time delay                          period by comparing the actual claims development to the
                        between the claim being incurred and the ultimate                              prior year claims liability estimate. We used the
                        settlement. Examples include claims arising from Workers’                      information to assess the current year’s actuarial
                        Compensation, Liability, Compulsory Third Party (CTP) and                      assumptions applied in the valuation;
                        the main Canterbury earthquakes of September 2010 and                         challenging key actuarial assumptions by comparing these
                        February 2011;                                                                 to our expectations based on the Group’s historical
                        claims estimation uses an actuarial modelling process                          experience, our industry knowledge and externally




For personal use only
               
                        which involves complex and subjective actuarial                                observable trends (e.g. APRA and regulatory statistics);
                        methodologies, as well as judgements and assumptions                          evaluating the attribution of claims cost to Canterbury
                        about future events and developments, both within and                          earthquake events, by comparing these to our expectations
                        external to the Group. Actuarial assumptions include loss                      based on the Group’s historical experience, our industry
                        ratios, claim frequency and average size of claims, and                        knowledge and externally observable trends;
                        allowance for future claims inflation. Changes in                             considering judgements by the Group to estimate the
                        methodologies, judgements and assumptions can have                             period in which the claims will be settled by analysing
                        significant implications to the quantification of outstanding                  historical payment patterns and any significant changes;
                        claims liabilities, as outlined in Note 2.2(E);
                                                                                                      assessing the risk margin parameters for significant
                       the Canterbury earthquake claims require judgement and                         portfolios to external sources of data including published
                        technical actuarial expertise to evaluate the Group’s                          statistics (e.g. APRA-published data), prior periods and our
                        attribution of claims costs between the September 2010                         industry knowledge;
                        and the February 2011 Canterbury earthquake events;
                                                                                                      critically evaluating the Group’s judgment in the execution
                       judgement is required to assess the Group’s estimation of                      of the outstanding claims liability calculations by comparing
                        the periods the claims are expected to be settled in;                          the overall results to our expectations based on the Group's
                       the estimation of claims at year end relies on the integrity                   historical experience, our industry knowledge and externally
                        of the underlying data, including claim payments and                           observable trends (e.g. listed competitors);
                        individual estimates of unsettled claims, which is gathered                   for certain classes of business we independently projected
                        from a number of different systems; and                                        the gross outstanding claims liability by applying our own
                       outstanding claims includes statistically determined risk                      actuarial methodologies and selecting assumptions for
                        margins developed by the Group to make allowance for the                       those methodologies. We used this re-projection to
                        inherent uncertainty in estimating ultimate claim                              compare our results to the Group’s estimates and
                        settlements. The risk margins are included to achieve a                        challenge any significant differences;
                        specified probability of adequacy for the total outstanding                   our procedures for testing key inputs such as claim
                        claims reserves. This is an area of significant complexity                     payments and estimates of unsettled claims into the
                        and judgement for us.                                                          valuation, financial records and controls included:
               We involved actuarial specialists to supplement our senior audit                          testing accounting and actuarial controls, such as
               team members with deep industry experience in assessing this                                  reconciliations of key data. We involved our IT
               key audit matter.                                                                             specialists for testing data integrity risks within the
                                                                                                             claims process and claims systems;
                                                                                                         testing key controls (e.g. reconciliations, limits of
                                                                                                             authority or segregation of duties) within the
                                                                                                             estimation of claims case estimates and claims
                                                                                                             payments;
                                                                                                         testing samples of claims case estimates and paid
                                                                                                             claims to third party evidence (such as quotes or
                                                                                                             invoices); and
                                                                                                      we assessed the disclosures in the financial report using
                                                                                                       our understanding obtained from our testing and against
                                                                                                       the requirements of the accounting standards.


               Valuation of Reinsurance and other recoveries on outstanding claims ($5,779 million)
               Refer to Note 2.2 of the Financial Report
               The key audit matter                                                              How the matter was addressed in our audit
               The valuation of reinsurance and other recoveries on                              In addition to the audit procedures undertaken to assess the
               outstanding claims is a Key Audit Matter as:                                      valuation of gross outstanding claims liability above, our
                       reinsurance and other recoveries are quantified from                     procedures included:
                        claims case estimates, paid claims data and estimates of                      testing a sample of key controls for entering reinsurance
                        ultimate claims settlement amounts;                                            arrangements;




               100 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative (“KPMG
               International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                       the Group has extensive reinsurance arrangements                              evaluating a sample of reinsurance recoveries held to
                        designed to protect its aggregate exposure to catastrophic                     underlying contracts to assess the existence of cover the
                        claim events; and                                                              contracts provide. We selected our sample across different
                       the Group also has a range of significant reinsurance                          arrangements and contract types. We also tested the
                        contracts, including the whole-of-account quota share                          appropriateness of the recognition of the reinsurance
                        arrangements, the catastrophe excess of loss program,                          recoveries held in the financial statements, with reference
                        adverse development covers in the form of excess of loss                       to accounting standards and our expectations based on
                        contracts, and other quota share arrangements.                                 past experience and our industry knowledge;
                                                                                                      evaluating a sample of reinsurance recoveries for whole-of-
               Our consideration of the accounting treatment across multiple                           account quota share contracts. We referred to the key
               contracts, assessment of recoverability in line with the                                terms of the reinsurance contracts, and applied them to the




For personal use only
               reinsurance agreements, the assessment of counterparty credit                           Group’s underlying claims estimates and paid claims data
               worthiness and capital strength requires significant effort by our                      as tested above to recalculate the reinsurance and other
               senior resources. Our team have deep industry experience and                            recoveries due. These independently generated results
               specialised technical skills.                                                           were compared to the amounts recognised by the Group;
                                                                                                      assessing the recoverability of balances owed by reinsurer
                                                                                                       counterparties by considering their credit worthiness and
                                                                                                       capital strength based on external sources of information,
                                                                                                       payment history of amounts and evaluation of any
                                                                                                       indicators of disputes with counterparties; and
                                                                                                      we assessed the disclosures in the financial report using
                                                                                                       our understanding obtained from our testing and against
                                                                                                       the requirements of the accounting standards.


               Valuation of Goodwill ($2,863 million) and Investment in joint venture and associates ($544 million)
               Refer to Notes 5.1 and 6.5 of the Financial Report
               The key audit matter                                                              How the matter was addressed in our audit
               Valuation of goodwill and investment in joint venture and                         With the assistance of our valuation specialists, our procedures
               associates is a Key Audit Matter as:                                              included:
                       judgement is involved by us in assessing the cash                             evaluating the Group’s determination of their cash
                        generating units identified by the Group;                                      generating units based on our knowledge of the business,
                       our evaluation of potential impairment involves applying                       and understanding of the industries in which the Group
                        judgement by us in relation to the Group’s forecast cash                       operates, against the accounting standard requirements;
                        flows and key forward looking assumptions. Instances                          performing sensitivity testing, using the Group’s models, to
                        where judgement is required by us include discount rates,                      evaluate the impact of varying key assumptions such as
                        risk premium, growth rates, profit measures and terminal                       growth rates and discount rates within a reasonably
                        growth rates. We focused specifically on those cash                            possible range. This enabled us to critically challenge the
                        generating units and associates where there were potential                     Group’s quantification of assumptions and focus our
                        impairment indicators (e.g. performance compared to                            procedures to the most sensitive assumptions;
                        budget); and                                                                  assessing the Group’s key assumptions used in the
                       the Group uses complex discounted cash flow models to                          discounted cash flow models such as discount rates, risk
                        perform their annual testing of goodwill for impairment.                       premium, growth rates, profit measures and terminal
                        The models use adjusted historical performance, and a                          growth rates by comparing them to external, observable
                        range of internal and external sources as inputs to the                        metrics (e.g. GDP growth and inflation including forecasts
                        assumptions. Complex modelling, particularly those                             provided by Oxford Economics and IBIS World), historical
                        containing highly judgemental allocations of corporate                         experience, our knowledge of the markets, and current
                        costs to cash generating units, using forward-looking                          market practice;
                        assumptions tends to be prone to greater risk for potential                   considering the appropriateness of the discounted cash
                        bias, error and inconsistent application. These conditions                     flow methodology applied by the Group to perform the
                        necessitate additional scrutiny by us, in particular to                        annual test of impairment against the requirements of the
                        address the objectivity of sources used for assumptions,                       accounting standards;
                        and their consistent application.                                             comparing the forecast cash flows contained in the
                                                                                                       discounted cash flow models to Board approved budgets
               We involved valuation and IT specialists to supplement our                              and business plans;
               senior audit team members in assessing this key audit matter.
                                                                                                      assessing the accuracy of past budgets to actual cash flows
                                                                                                       in order to challenge the Group’s current forecasts;
                                                                                                      comparing the valuations for a sample of joint ventures and
                                                                                                       associates to external and observable valuations for broadly
                                                                                                       similar enterprises, and investigating significant outliers;




                                                                                                                                                                         101
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative (“KPMG
               International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                                                                      assessing the Group’s allocation of corporate costs to the
                                                                                                       forecast cash flows contained in the value-in-use model,
                                                                                                       based on the requirements of the accounting standard and
                                                                                                       our understanding of the business;
                                                                                                      involving our specialists, we evaluated the internally
                                                                                                       prepared discounted cash flow model. This included:
                                                                                                         assessing the valuation approach and methodology
                                                                                                             against market and industry practices and accounting
                                                                                                             standards; and
                                                                                                         assessing the integrity of the models used, including




For personal use only
                                                                                                             the accuracy of the underlying formulas;
                                                                                                      using our IT specialists we tested the general IT
                                                                                                       environment as well as specific system controls in relation
                                                                                                       to the underlying data used in the valuation models to
                                                                                                       assess the integrity of the data; and
                                                                                                      we assessed the disclosures in the financial report using
                                                                                                       our understanding obtained from our testing and against
                                                                                                       the requirements of the accounting standards.


               Other Information
               Other Information is financial and non-financial information in Insurance Australia Group Limited’s annual reporting which is
               provided in addition to the Financial Report and the Auditor’s Report. The Directors are responsible for the Other Information.
               Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the Other Information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or
               any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report and our related assurance opinion.
               In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the Other Information. In doing so, we consider
               whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the Financial Report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or
               otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
               We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information, and based on the work we
               have performed on the Other Information that we obtained prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report we have nothing to report.
               Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report
               The Directors are responsible for:
                  preparing the Financial Report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the
                   Corporations Act 2001;
                  implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of a Financial Report that gives a true and fair view and is
                   free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
                  assessing the Group and Company's ability to continue as a going concern and whether the use of the going concern basis of
                   accounting is appropriate. This includes disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
                   concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group and Company or to cease operations, or have no
                   realistic alternative but to do so.

               Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report
               Our objective is:
                  to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is free from material misstatement, whether
                   due to fraud or error; and
                  to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.

               Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Australian
               Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
               Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
               be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this Financial Report.
               A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report is located at the Auditing and Assurance Standards
               Board website at http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1.pdf. This description forms part of our Auditor’s Report.




               102 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative (“KPMG
               International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
               REPORT ON THE REMUNERATION REPORT
               Opinion                                                                           Directors’ responsibilities
               In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Insurance Australia                    The Directors of the Company are responsible for the
               Group Limited for the year ended 30 June 2019, complies with                      preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report in
               Section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.                                        accordance with Section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                                                                                                 Our responsibilities
                                                                                                 We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 19
                                                                                                 to 41 of the Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June 2019.

                                                                                                 Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration




For personal use only
                                                                                                 Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with
                                                                                                 Australian Auditing Standards.




               KPMG




               Andrew Yates                                                                              Ian Moyser
               Partner                                                                                   Partner
               Sydney
               8 August 2019




                                                                                                                                                                         103
               KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative (“KPMG
               International”), a Swiss entity. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
               SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
               Information about Insurance Australia Group Limited including Company announcements, presentations and reports can be
               accessed at www.iag.com.au.

               ASX CODES
               Insurance Australia Group Limited’s ordinary shares are listed on the ASX under IAG and its capital notes are listed on the ASX
               under IAGPD.




For personal use only
               Insurance Australia Group Limited’s wholly-owned subsidiary IAG Finance (New Zealand) Limited issued reset exchangeable
               securities (RES) in January 2005 which are listed on the ASX under IANG.

               ANNUAL REPORT
               Under the Corporations Act 2001 regarding the provision of Annual Reports to shareholders, the default option for receiving Annual
               Reports is an electronic copy via IAG’s website at www.iag.com.au.

               ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
               The 2019 annual general meeting (AGM) of Insurance Australia Group Limited will be held on 25 October 2019 commencing at
               9:30am at the Wesley Conference Centre, 220 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000. The AGM will be webcast live on the internet at
               www.iag.com.au/shareholder-centre/annual-meetings and an archive version will be placed on the website to enable the AGM to be
               viewed at a later time.

               ONLINE VOTING
               Shareholders can lodge voting instructions electronically either as a direct vote or by appointing a proxy for the 2019 AGM at
               www.iag.com.au. The information required to log on and use online voting is shown on the voting form.

               SHAREHOLDER QUESTIONS
               If shareholders would like to submit a written question to the Company or the Company’s auditor with regard to the AGM or any of
               the resolutions to be discussed, shareholders should use the form supplied with the notice of meeting and return it with their
               completed Voting Form in the pre-addressed envelope provided or by fax to +61 (0)3 9473 2555. Questions for the auditor must
               be received by 5pm on 18 October 2019.
               Shareholders may also submit a question after completing their voting instructions online at www.iag.com.au. Shareholders will
               also be given a reasonable opportunity to ask questions of the Company and the auditor at the AGM.
               During the course of the AGM, IAG intends to answer as many of the frequently asked questions as practicable but will not be
               responding to individual written questions. Responses to the most commonly asked questions will be added to the website at
               www.iag.com.au/shareholder-centre/annual-meetings.

               DIVIDEND PAYMENT METHODS
               Insurance Australia Group Limited no longer issues dividend payments by cheque to shareholders resident in Australia.
               Shareholders should provide the share registry with their alternative instructions as detailed below:
               IAG ordinary shares
                  Paid directly into a New Zealand bank account or to an Australian bank, credit union, building society or nominated account; or
                  Eligible shareholders can choose to participate in the Company’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP), if available, providing the
                   option to increase their shareholding without incurring brokerage or GST.

               MANAGEMENT OF HOLDING
               Using their Shareholder Reference Number (SRN) or Holder Identification Number (HIN) and postcode of their registered address,
               shareholders can view their holding online through IAG's share registry, Computershare, by following the easy prompts on their
               website at www.investorcentre.com where shareholders will be able to:
                  view holding balance;
                  review dividend payment history;
                  access shareholder forms; and
                  retrieve holding statements, including recent dividend payment advices.

               The share registry investor centre site also allows shareholders to update or add details to their shareholding. If shareholders wish
               to amend or update any of the current details, they will be asked to register by choosing a User ID and Password.
               Shareholders will also be asked to enter answers to three personal questions for verification purposes should they forget their
               password in the future.
               If shareholders have previously used the Investor Centre site, they will be asked to key in their password only.




               104 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               Once shareholders have completed these steps, they are then able to update their details and submit their changes to the share
               register including:
                   change or amend their address if they are registered with an SRN;
                   nominate or amend their direct credit payment instructions;
                   set up or amend their DRP instructions;
                   sign up for electronic shareholder communications, including the annual report via email; and
                   add/change tax file number (TFN) / Australian business number (ABN) details.

               A confirmation/receipt number will be shown on-screen for the online transaction which should be recorded should shareholders
               have a question in the future.




For personal use only
               Shareholders are strongly advised to lodge their TFN, ABN or exemption. If they choose not to lodge these details with the share
               registry, then IAG is obliged to deduct tax at the highest marginal tax rate (plus the Medicare levy) from the unfranked portion of any
               dividend or interest payment.
               Shareholders may also complete a number of transactions or request a form over the phone by contacting the share registry on
               1300 360 688.

               EMAIL ALERT SERVICE
               Shareholders can register to receive an email alert advising of new IAG media releases, financial announcements or presentations.
               Shareholders simply need to visit IAG's website at www.iag.com.au, click on the email alert button in the right-hand margin and
               register their email address.
               IAG has an email alert service that allows shareholders to choose to receive email alerts about specific subjects (annual meetings,
               annual reports, careers information, company announcements, government submissions, results and sustainability reports).

               EMAIL ENQUIRIES
               If shareholders have a question, they can email their enquiry directly to IAG's share registry at iag@computershare.com.au. If their
               question relates to an IAG company matter and the answer is not on IAG's website, they can email their question to
               investor.relations@iag.com.au.

               ORDINARY SHARES INFORMATION
                                                                                                                        NUMBER OF % OF ISSUED
               TWENTY LARGEST ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 8 JULY 2019                                                       SHARES    SHARES
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                585,823,304      25.35
               J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                391,346,639      16.93
               CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                            140,435,182       6.08
               NATIONAL INDEMNITY COMPANY                                                                                87,612,209       3.79
               BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                                     61,397,976       2.66
               NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                 60,562,692       2.62
               CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                              33,709,021       1.46
               BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                                            16,402,071       0.71
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                                    11,951,096       0.52
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED-GSCO ECA                                                         7,096,736       0.31
               AMP LIFE LIMITED                                                                                           6,490,481       0.28
               MILTON CORPORATION LIMITED                                                                                 5,896,948       0.26
               IAG SHARE PLAN NOMINEE PTY LIMITED <IAG DAP UNALLOCATED ACCOUNT>                                           5,551,331       0.24
               ARGO INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                                   4,910,330       0.21
               AUSTRALIAN FOUNDATION INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED                                                           4,030,114       0.17
               BKI INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED                                                                             3,443,446       0.15
               MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                       2,797,118       0.12
               AUSTRALIAN EXECUTOR TRUSTEES LIMITED <IPS SUPER A/C>                                                       2,349,705       0.10
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                  2,042,291       0.09
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                                                          1,787,245       0.08
               Total for top 20                                                                                       1,435,635,935      62.13

                                                                                                     NUMBER OF          NUMBER OF % OF ISSUED
               RANGE OF ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 8 JULY 2019                                        HOLDERS              SHARES    SHARES
               1-1,000                                                                                  389,889         205,085,438       8.87
               1,001-5,000                                                                              249,605         465,961,244      20.16
               5,001-10,000                                                                              12,803          87,334,256       3.78
               10,001-100,000                                                                             4,343          82,428,412       3.57
               100,001 and over                                                                             104       1,470,237,233      63.62
               Total                                                                                    656,744       2,311,046,583    100.00

               Shareholders with less than a marketable parcel of 60 shares as at 8 July 2019               4,422            103,108




                                                                                                                                                105
               DIVIDEND DETAILS
               SHARE CLASS                    DIVIDEND                FRANKING                    AMOUNT PER SHARE     DRP ISSUE PRICE         PAYMENT DATE
               Ordinary                       Interim                 Fully franked                      12.0 cents           $7.3701         20 March 2019
               Ordinary                       Special                 Fully franked                        5.5 cents          $7.1029      26 November 2018
               Ordinary                       Final                   70% franked                        20.0 cents                  *    30 September 2019
               *        The DRP issue price for the final dividend is scheduled to be announced on 5 September 2019.

               SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDINGS INFORMATION
                                                                                                                             NUMBER OF             % OF ISSUED
               SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 8 JULY 2019                                                                       SHARES                 SHARES




For personal use only
               Ordinary shares
               The Vanguard Group, Inc.                                                                                     115,541,621                   5.12

               IAGPD CAPITAL NOTES INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                     NUMBER OF % OF ISSUED
               TWENTY LARGEST CAPITAL NOTE HOLDERS AS AT 8 JULY 2019                                                                     NOTES       NOTES
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                                561,385       13.89
               J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                                161,576        4.00
               NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                                127,856        3.16
               BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                                                            91,851        2.27
               AUSTRALIAN EXECUTOR TRUSTEES LIMITED <IPS SUPER A/C>                                                                      77,974        1.93
               CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                                             74,226        1.84
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                                                                         67,642        1.67
               NAVIGATOR AUSTRALIA LTD <JB WERE LIST FIX INT SMA A/C>                                                                    60,742        1.50
               NAVIGATOR AUSTRALIA LTD <MLC INVESTMENT SETT A/C>                                                                         59,156        1.46
               BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD DRP                                                                 51,192        1.27
               NULIS NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NAVIGATOR MAST PLAN SETT A/C>                                                         48,935        1.21
               AUSTRALIAN EXECUTOR TRUSTEES LIMITED <NO 1 ACCOUNT>                                                                       31,914        0.79
               MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                                      27,168        0.67
               INVIA CUSTODIAN PTY LIMITED <INCOME POOL A/C>                                                                             20,000        0.49
               AUSTRALIAN EXECUTOR TRUSTEES LIMITED <IPS IDPS A/C>                                                                       17,901        0.44
               NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                                         16,321        0.40
               CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <DPSL>                                                                                      15,537        0.38
               THE WYATT BENEVOLENT INSTITUTION INC                                                                                      15,517        0.38
               TRUSTEES OF CHURCH PROPERTY FOR THE DIOCESE OF NEWCASTLE <SAVINGS & DEVELOPMENT
               A/C>                                                                                                                      12,870           0.32
               INVIA CUSTODIAN PTY LIMITED < RISF A/C>                                                                                   12,500           0.31
               Total for top 20                                                                                                       1,552,263          38.38

                                                                                                                       NUMBER OF NUMBER OF % OF ISSUED
               RANGE OF CAPITAL NOTE HOLDERS AS AT 8 JULY 2019                                                           HOLDERS      NOTES      NOTES
               1-1,000                                                                                                      4,301  1,410,755      34.91
               1,001-5,000                                                                                                    407    813,446      20.13
               5,001-10,000                                                                                                    33    230,016       5.69
               10,001-100,000                                                                                                  20    736,231      18.22
               100,001 and over                                                                                                 3    850,817      21.05
               Total                                                                                                        4,764  4,041,265    100.00

               Capital note holders with less than a marketable parcel of 5 notes as at 8 July 2019                              4             9




               106 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               CORPORATE DIRECTORY
               KEY DATES
               2019 financial year end                                                                                                                            30 June 2019
               Full year results and dividend announcement                                                                                                       8 August 2019
               Notice of meeting mailed to shareholders                                                                                                     10 September 2019
               Final dividend for ordinary shares
                    Record date                                                                                                                                20 August 2019
                     Payment date                                                                                                                           30 September 2019




For personal use only
               
               Annual general meeting information
                    Written questions for the auditor close                                                                                                  18 October 2019
                    Proxy return close                                                                                                                       23 October 2019
                    Annual general meeting                                                                                                                   25 October 2019
               Half year end                                                                                                                                31 December 2019
               Half year results and dividend announcement                                                                                                  12 February 2020*
               Interim dividend for ordinary shares
                    Record date                                                                                                                             19 February 2020*
                    Payment date                                                                                                                              25 March 2020*
               2020 financial year end                                                                                                                            30 June 2020
               Full year results and dividend announcement                                                                                                      7 August 2020*
               *        Please note: dates are subject to change. Any changes will be published via a notice to the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).


               CONTACT DETAILS
               Share registry
               Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
               GPO Box 4709
               Melbourne VIC 3001
               Australia
               Hand deliveries to
               Level 3
               60 Carrington Street
               Sydney NSW 2000
               Telephone
               (within Australia) 1300 360 688
               (outside Australia) +61 (0)3 9415 4210
               Fax
               (general) +61 (0)3 9473 2470
               Email
               iag@computershare.com.au
               Registered office
               Insurance Australia Group Limited
               Level 13, Tower Two
               Darling Park
               201 Sussex Street
               Sydney NSW 2000
               Australia
               Telephone
               +61 (0)2 9292 9222
               Fax
               +61 (0)2 9292 8072
               Website
               www.iag.com.au




                                                                                                                                                                         107
               FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                                                                                               2019              2018             2017(13)             2016               2015
                                                                                                                  $m                $m                 $m                $m                 $m
               Gross written premium                                                                          12,005            11,647             11,439            11,367             11,440
               Gross earned premium                                                                           11,942            11,522             11,321            11,411             11,525
               Outwards reinsurance premium expense                                                           (4,704)           (3,851)            (3,122)           (3,183)            (1,196)
               Net premium revenue                                                                             7,238             7,671              8,199             8,228             10,329




For personal use only
               Net claims expense                                                                             (4,619)           (4,617)            (5,082)           (5,397)            (6,941)
               Net underwriting expense                                                                       (1,716)           (1,877)            (2,079)           (2,116)            (2,847)
               Underwriting profit(1)                                                                            903             1,177              1,038               715                541
               Net investment income on assets backing insurance liabilities                                     321               230                232               463                562
               Management reported insurance profit(1)                                                         1,224             1,407              1,270             1,178              1,103
               Net investment income from shareholders' funds                                                    227               165                246                 97               223
               Other income                                                                                      111               164                180               204                187
               Share of net profit of associates(2)                                                                42                31                 19                17                  6
               Finance costs                                                                                      (94)              (82)               (93)              (99)             (107)
               Corporate and administration expenses(3)                                                         (124)             (185)              (222)             (423)              (383)
               Acquired intangible amortisation and impairment                                                    (54)              (90)               (57)              (54)               (80)
               Profit before income tax                                                                        1,332             1,410              1,343               920                949
               Income tax expense                                                                               (363)             (384)              (328)             (218)              (119)
               Profit after tax from continuing operations                                                       969             1,026              1,015               702                830
               Profit/(loss) after tax from discontinued operations                                              204                (25)               (10)                 -                  -
               Net profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                               (97)              (78)               (76)              (77)             (102)
               Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Parent                                           1,076               923                929               625                728
               Cash earnings(4)                                                                                  931             1,034                990               867                987
               Ordinary shareholders' equity ($ million)                                                       6,404             6,669              6,562             6,563              6,817
               Total assets ($ million)                                                                       29,286            29,766             29,597            30,030             31,402
               KEY RATIOS
               Gross written premium growth                                                                     3.1 %              1.8 %            n/a               (0.6)%            17.0 %
               Loss ratio(5)                                                                                   63.8 %             60.2 %           62.0 %             65.6 %            67.2 %
               Expense ratio(6)                                                                                23.7 %             24.5 %           25.3 %             25.7 %            27.6 %
               Combined ratio(7)                                                                               87.5 %             84.7 %           87.3 %             91.3 %            94.8 %
               Reported insurance margin(8)                                                                    16.9 %             18.3 %           15.5 %             14.3 %            10.7 %
               Underlying insurance margin(9)                                                                  16.6 %             14.1 %           12.4 %             14.0 %            13.1 %
               SHARE INFORMATION
               Dividends per ordinary share (cents)(10)                                                        37.50             34.00              33.00             36.00              29.00
               Basic earnings per ordinary share (cents)(11)                                                   46.26             39.06              39.03             25.79              31.22
               Basic earnings per ordinary share - cash basis (cents)(12)                                      40.04             43.78              41.60             35.78              42.33
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share (cents)(11)                                                 44.58             38.30              37.72             25.34              30.45
               Diluted earnings per ordinary share - cash basis (cents)(12)                                    38.83             42.75              40.13             34.76              40.92
               Ordinary share price at 30 June ($) (ASX: IAG)                                                   8.26              8.53               6.78              5.45               5.58
               Capital notes price at 30 June ($) (ASX: IAGPD)                                                106.95            104.67             106.53                 -                  -
               Reset exchangeable securities price at 30 June ($) (ASX: IANG)                                 101.38            102.66             103.40            100.00             103.10
               Issued ordinary shares (million)                                                                2,311             2,367              2,367             2,431              2,431
               Issued capital notes (million)                                                                      4                 4                  4                 -                  -
               Market capitalisation (ordinary shares) at 30 June ($ million)                                 19,089            20,191             16,048            13,249             13,565
               Net tangible asset backing per ordinary share ($)                                                1.43              1.47               1.36              1.30               1.34
               (1)      The amounts for 2016 financial year are presented on a management reported (non-IFRS) basis which is not directly comparable to the equivalent statutory (IFRS)
                        figure. A reconciliation between the two is outlined in the Operating and Financial Review section of the Directors' Report in the 30 June 2016 Annual Report.
               (2)      Share of net profit of associates includes regional support and development costs.
               (3)      Includes a $198 million impairment of capitalised software for 2016 and a $60 million impairment of the investment in Bohai Insurance for 2015.
               (4)      Cash earnings represent non-IFRS financial information. It is defined as net profit after tax attributable to shareholders of the Parent, plus amortisation and impairment
                        of acquired identifiable intangibles, and excluding any unusual items (non-recurring in nature).
               (5)      The loss ratio refers to the net claims expense as a percentage of net premium revenue.
               (6)      The expense ratio refers to net underwriting expense as a percentage of net premium revenue.
               (7)      The combined ratio refers to the sum of the loss ratio and expense ratio.
               (8)      Reported insurance margin is a ratio of insurance profit over net premium revenue.
               (9)      Underlying insurance margin is defined as the reported insurance margin adjusted for net natural peril claim costs less related allowance for the period, reserve
                        releases in excess of 1% of NEP and credit spread movements.
               (10)     The dividends per ordinary share are partially franked for the 2019 financial year, and fully franked for the previous financial years presented.
               (11)     Reflects basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share on an accounting basis.
               (12)     Basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share on a cash basis are calculated with reference to cash earnings.
               (13)     The financial information for 2017 has been re-presented to reflect the changed treatment of the Asian businesses as discontinued operations. Financial information
                        for 2016 and 2015 is not re-presented.

               108 IAG ANNUAL REPORT 2019
For personal use only


                        Pacesetter Laser Recycled is 30% recycled and made up from elemental chlorine
                        free bleached pulp which is PEFC™ certified sourced from sustainably managed
                        sources. It is manufactured by an ISO 14001 certified mill.
For personal use only
                        Australia




                               1      2
                                          1	IAG's short tail personal insurance products are distributed in Victoria under
                                            the RACV brand, via a distribution relationship and underwriting joint venture with
                                            RACV. These products are distributed by RACV and manufactured by Insurance
                                            Manufacturers of Australia Pty Limited (IMA), which is 70% owned by IAG and
                        New Zealand         30% owned by RACV.

                                          2	IAG owns 100% of Insurance Australia Limited (IAL), the underwriter of general
                                            insurance products under the Coles Insurance brand. These products are distributed
                                            by Coles under an Authorised Representative Agreement with IAL.
