                     中聯重科股份有限公司
                     ZOOMLION HEAVY INDUSTRY
                     SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.




2018 Annual Report                                          2018
                                                        Annual Report
Important notice

•    The Board of Directors and the Supervisory Board of the Company and
     its directors, supervisors and senior management warrant that there are
     no misrepresentation, misleading statements or material omissions in this
     report and they shall, individually and jointly, accept full responsibility for the
     truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the contents of this report.

•    Zhan Chunxin, Chairman of the Board, Du Yigang, Vice President and Jiang
     Yuan, the person in charge of the accounting affairs warrant the truthfulness,
     accuracy and completeness of the financial report contained in this annual
     report.

•    All directors attended the Board meeting at which this report was reviewed.


Definition

Unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings
set out below:

“The Company” or “Zoomlion” refers to Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and
Technology Co., Ltd.

“Listing Rules” or “Listing Rules of Hong Kong” refers to the Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.
                                                     2018 Annual Report


Contents
Company Profile                                             2

Chairman’s Statement                                        4

Principal Financial Data and Indicators                     7

Report of the Board of Directors                           10

Management Discussion and Analysis                         21

Environmental, Social and Governance Report                31

Significant Events                                         57

Changes in Share Capital and Shareholders                  59

Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees    63

Share Option Scheme                                        76

Corporate Governance                                       80

Independent Auditor’s Report                               97

Financial Statements prepared in accordance with

  International Financial Reporting Standards and Notes   106
2
    2 0 1 8 Annual Report




    Company Profile

    I.   Company Information
         Company name (in Chinese): 中聯重科股份有限公司
         Chinese abbreviation: 中聯重科
         Company name (in English): Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science And Technology Co., Ltd.*
         English abbreviation: Zoomlion

         Legal representative of the Company: Zhan Chunxin

         Secretary of the Board of Directors/Company Secretary: Shen Ke (resignation with effect from
                                                                29 March 2019)
         Representative of securities affairs: Guo Tao
         Contact address: No. 361 Yinpen South Road, Changsha, Hunan Province
         Telephone: (86 731) 85650157
         Fax: (86 731) 85651157
         E-mail: 157@zoomlion.com

         Registered address and place of business of the Company: No. 361 Yinpen South Road, Changsha,
                                                                  Hunan Province, PRC
         Postal code: 410013
         Company website: http://www.zoomlion.com/
         E-mail: 157@zoomlion.com

         Authorized representatives: Zhan Chunxin, Shen Ke (cessation with effect from 29 March 2019)
         Address: No. 361 Yinpen South Road, Changsha, Hunan Province, PRC

         Newspapers for disclosure of the Company’s information: China Securities Journal,
                                                                 Shanghai Securities News,
                                                                 Securities Times, Securities Daily
         Website publishing the A share announcement: http://www.cninfo.com.cn
         Website publishing the H share announcement: http://www.hkexnews.hk

         Listing information: A Shares
                              Shenzhen Stock Exchange of China (“SZSE”)
                              Name: ZOOMLION
                              Stock Code: 000157
                              H Shares
                              The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”)
                              Stock Name: ZOOMLION
                              Stock Code: 1157




    Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                       Company Profile


II. Other relevant information
   H Share Registrar: Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                      Shops 1712-16, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East,
                      Wan Chai, Hong Kong

   Legal Advisors
   As to PRC law: Fangda Partners
                  27/F North Tower Beijing Kerry Centre | 1 Guanghua Road Chaoyang District,
                  Beijing, the PRC
   As to Hong Kong law: Norton Rose Fulbright Hong Kong
                          38/F, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong

   Auditors
   Domestic auditors:	Baker Tilly China Certified Public Accountants (“Baker Tilly China”)
                        Room 208, Block B, Huatong Building, B 19 Chegongzhuang West Road,
                        Haidian District, Beijing, PRC
   International auditors: KPMG
                           8/F, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road, Central, Hong Kong




                                                                                               3
4
    2 0 1 8 Annual Report




    Chairman’s
    Statement




                            Chairman
                            Zhan Chunxin
                                                                   Chairman’s Statement


Dear Shareholders,

2018 marks the 40th anniversary of China’s reform and opening up policy, and is also the first year of the full
implementation of the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. Zoomlion has
adopted new development approaches, unleashed new development momentum, and emerged from the
bottom of a U-shaped growth curve, entering a new stage featuring quality development.

Looking back to 2018, we focused on our principal business of equipment manufacturing, and continued to
implement our development strategy featuring “equipment manufacturing + Internet” and “industry + finance”.
In the construction machinery sector, we steadily expanded our business in the existing market segments,
accelerated efforts to make up for our deficiencies, established presence in the new market segments, and
achieved a rapid improvement in both scale and quality of our main products. In the agricultural machinery
sector, we adjusted our business structure, controlled business risks, ramped up efforts to upgrade
technologies and products, and promoted smart agriculture to develop into an AI-enabled agricultural
equipment maker. In the financial services sector, we focused on integrating industry with finance, and
continued to expand our business in the market. We also stepped up efforts to achieve industrial applications
of our industrial Internet technological platform to facilitate a full upgrade from traditional manufacturing to
intelligent manufacturing.

Looking back to 2018, we focused on intelligence and continued to promote smart products and smart
manufacturing. New concepts and new technologies such as human-computer interaction, connectivity and
the Internet of things, and intelligent green continually helped enrich the meaning and value of our intelligent
products, while streamlined, flexible, automated, intelligent, and environmentally friendly production lines and
smart factories helped push equipment manufacturing into a new era of cluster innovation. The Zoomlion
Smart Industrial Park, which has become fully operational, is set to become a super-energy and innovation site
featuring intelligence, ecosystem and internationalization.

Looking back to 2018, we re-focused on management, closely adhered to the ideas of “precision” and
“sophistication”, innovated management tools, strengthened management platforms, improved our
management capabilities, and achieved consistent, direct, and smooth management. The Company continued
to push ahead with digital management and decision-making. Focusing on core business indicators such
as scale, profit, risk control and cash flow, we strengthened business process management and monitoring,
strengthened the building of systems and culture focusing on quality, deepened our internal market-based
mechanisms, established a multi-dimensional incentive system, and achieved quality growth.

As we enter a new era, the future of Zoomlion that we have envisioned using our ideas and wisdom has
become increasingly clear. New technologies will be integrated across industries, new industries will emerge,
new momentum will form, a harmonious, new ecosystem will prosper, and a future shared by a community of
multiple stakeholders is approaching.




                                                                                                                   5
6
    2 0 1 8 Annual Report




    Chairman’s Statement


    It is a future of smart intelligence. Empowered by new technologies, the traditional equipment manufacturing
    industry has become a smart industry. It is a future of prosperity. The new generation of teams has continued
    to play their roles at Zoomlion, and craftsmen, masters, and experts have all contributed their talents to the
    Company’s development, with increased company cohesiveness. It is a future of new developments. We are
    set to usher in new technologies, new economies and new industries. It is a future of Zoomlion and a future of
    the industry chain comprising of our customers, partners, and upstream and downstream firms. It belongs to
    our ecosystem and to this new era.

    At last, on behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to all shareholders, customers,
    partners, the community and all employees of Zoomlion for their contribution and support for the development
    of the Company.

    Chairman
    Zhan Chunxin




    Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
       Principal Financial Data and Indicators

I.     Major Financial Data prepared in accordance with China Accounting
       Standards (“PRC GAAP”)
                                                                                                     Unit: RMB

                                                        2018                2017     Change                2016


 Operating income                           28,696,542,909.99   23,272,893,731.36    23.30%    20,022,516,698.58
 Net profit attributable to
     shareholders of the Company             2,019,857,001.70    1,331,923,715.27    51.65%      -933,697,485.65
 Net profit/(loss) attributable to equity
     shareholders of the Company
     after extraordinary items               1,490,218,830.05   -7,950,379,980.02   -118.74%   -1,677,731,345.02
 Net cash flow from
     operating income                        5,064,119,225.01    2,851,086,469.93    77.62%     2,168,560,151.68
 Basic earning per share                                 0.26                0.17    52.94%                -0.12
 Diluted earning per share                               0.26                0.17    52.94%                -0.12
 Return on net assets                                  5.33%               3.57%      1.76%              -2.44%


                                                 End of 2018          End of 2017    Change          End of 2016


 Total assets                               93,456,651,846.14   83,149,067,653.62    12.40%    89,141,023,453.16
 Net assets attributable to
     shareholders of the Company            38,201,194,804.37   37,578,261,818.00     1.66%    36,813,562,701.24




                                                                                                                   7
8
    2 0 1 8 Annual Report




    Principal Financial Data and Indicators


    II. Major Financial Data of the Company of the Past Five Years prepared in
        accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”)
                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million

     Revenue and Profit                                              2018                2017                 2016                 2015            2014


     Revenue                                                      28,697               23,273               20,023               20,753          25,851
     Profit/(loss) before taxation                                  2,650                1,252               (1,010)                   39           863
     Income tax                                                      (682)                    6                 110                    58          (235)
     Profit/(loss) for the year                                     1,968                1,258                 (900)                   97           628
     Profit/(loss) attributable to:
        Equity shareholders of the Company                          2,031                1,342                 (929)                   89           594
        Non-controlling interests                                      (63)                 (84)                  29                    8            34
     Basic earnings/(losses)
        per share (RMB)                                              0.27                 0.18                 (0.12)               0.01           0.08
     Diluted earnings/(losses)
        per share (RMB)                                              0.26                 0.18                 (0.12)               0.01           0.08
     Gearing ratio (%) (Note)                                    58.54%               54.05%               57.63%               56.70%          56.03%

    Note: Gearing ratio is calculated based on the total liabilities divided by total assets at the end of the respective reporting period.


                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million

     Assets and Liabilities                                          2018                2017                 2016                 2015             2014


     Non-current assets                                           28,657               25,218               23,239               22,667           23,847
     Current assets                                               64,762               57,894               65,862               71,016           69,871
     Current liabilities                                          39,623               24,488               26,876               30,173           25,211
     Net current assets                                           25,139               33,406               38,986               40,843           44,660
     Total assets less current liabilities                        53,796               58,624               62,225               63,510           68,507
     Non-current liabilities                                      15,065               20,434               24,470               22,941           27,299
     Net assets                                                   38,731               38,190               37,755               40,569           41,208
     Total equity attributable
        to equity shareholders
        of the Company                                            38,164               37,540               36,773               39,896           40,791
     Non-controlling interest                                         567                  650                  982                  673             417




    Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                               Principal Financial Data and Indicators


III. Reconciliation of Financial Data under PRC GAAP and IFRSs

                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million
                                                         Total comprehensive income of
                                                                     the Group                              Total equity of the Group
                                                           Current year              Last year           Current year                 Last year


 Under PRC GAAP                                                     1,730                1,702                  38,768                   38,227
 Items and amounts adjusted under IAS
    Acquisition related costs incurred on
    prior year business combination                                    —                      3                    (37)                     (37)
    Special reserve for production safety (Note)                       12                     6                      —                        —
 Under IFRSs                                                       1,742                1,711                  38,731                   38,190


Note: Under PRC GAAP, safety production fund should be accrued and recognized in profit or loss with a corresponding credit in reserve according
to relevant PRC regulations. Such reserve is reduced for expenses incurred for safety production purposes or, when safety production related
equipment are purchased, is reduced by the purchased cost with a corresponding increase in the accumulated depreciation. Such fixed assets are
not depreciated thereafter. Under IFRSs, expense is recognized in profit or loss when incurred, and fixed assets are capitalized and depreciated in
accordance with applicable accounting policies.




                                                                                                                                                      9
10
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Report of the Board of Directors

     The Board of Directors of the Company is pleased to announce the Report of the Board of Directors for the
     year ended 31 December 2018 together with the audited financial statements of the Company and the Group.


     I.   Operation Review of 2018
          In 2018, the global economy continued its trend of recovery with a stabilized economic growth rate, while
          the Chinese economy generally maintained stable with an upward trend. Driven by favorable factors such
          as replacement of aged equipment, enhancement of infrastructure, promotion of environmental protection
          and replacement of labors, the construction machinery industry continued to grow strongly and achieved
          high-quality development. As affected by the insufficient market demand for traditional products,
          adjustment of purchase subsidy policies and decline in crop prices, the agricultural machinery industry
          experienced a downturn in market sales of major products and entered a period of transformation and
          upgrade.

          In 2018, the Group earnestly promoted its new development concepts, comprehensively implemented
          new strategies, new management and new incentives and released new development potentials. As
          various business indicators continued a robust upward trend, the Group has maintained its strong market
          leading position, with an increase in gross profit margin quarter by quarter and a significant enhancement
          in profitability, paving a propitious path for the sustainable development of the Group.

          In 2018, the Group achieved revenue of RMB28,697 million, representing a year-on-year increase
          of 39.25%; profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for the year amounted to
          RMB2,031 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 51.34%; operating cash flow amounted to
          RMB4,717 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 92.30%. The major work carried out by the
          Group during the Reporting Period was as follows:


          (I)   Emerging effect from strategic focus
                The Group focused on its main business of equipment manufacturing, optimized resource allocation,
                further promoted industrial upgrade and continued to establish the Group as a new equipment
                manufacturing enterprise of “equipment manufacturing + Internet” and “industry + finance”.

                1.   Strengthened construction machinery. During the Reporting Period, sales revenue of the
                     Group’s construction machinery products amounted to RMB26,653 million, representing
                     a year-on-year increase of 50.01%, further indicating the effectiveness of the cluster of
                     advantageous construction machinery sectors.

                     (1)   Continuously improved the market position of major products. The Group focused on
                           and strengthened its efforts in segmented markets and fully promoted the extensive
                           development of its customer alliance to build an efficient and sustainable industrial chain




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                      Report of the Board of Directors


           ecosystem. The major products accomplished fruitful results in both production and
           sales with rise in both volume and prices, achieving an average down payment ratio of
           40%. The domestic market shares of crane machinery and concrete machinery products
           continued to maintain their leading positions, among which construction crane machinery
           and concrete long-arm pump trucks maintained the first in the industry.

     (2)   Strengthened the development of potential and emerging markets. With earth working
           machinery ready to be introduced and the market sales network laid out in advance, the
           G-series new generation earth working machinery products developed by the Group was
           launched. The Group speeded up the planning of work-at-height platform product layout
           and launched eight models of high-end intelligent products in three categories in October
           to explore the blue ocean market. The businesses of manufactured sand, dry mortar and
           spraying robotic arm continued to expand with a favorable trend.

2.   Enhanced agricultural machinery. The Group explicitly formulated the strategy for the
     development of mid-to-high-end agricultural machinery, focused on its advantageous
     businesses, speeded up product structure adjustment and technological upgrade and
     promoted the application of intelligent agriculture.

     (1)   Market edges remained solid. The sales volume of drying machinery ranked first
           consecutively in the domestic market, while the domestic market share of wheat
           harvester machinery and sugarcane machinery products ranked second in the industry.

     (2)   AI empowered intelligent agriculture, transformed and upgraded to introduce new
           functions. The Group signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Landing.AI, an
           artificial intelligence company founded by Professor Andrew Yan-Tak Ng, to focus on
           the application of artificial intelligence technology in agricultural machinery. Through this,
           Zoomlion’s agricultural machinery business entered into the field of artificial intelligence
           technology at a high starting point.

3.   Escalated the expansion of financial business. The Group established Zoomlion Industrial Fund
     in cooperation with leading fund management teams in China, in order to further enhance the
     financial services capabilities of Zoomlion Capital. The Group established a financing guarantee
     company to improve the industrial chain layout corresponding to the industrial sector and
     promote industrial transformation and upgrade.

4.   Planned for industrial Internet layout. The Group established ZValley Company, completely
     entered into the field of industrial Internet and fostered the transformation of traditional
     manufacturing into intelligent manufacturing. “Intelligent Management (智管)”, an equipment




                                                                                                            11
12
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Report of the Board of Directors


                    management application targeting at construction machinery users, and “Intelligent Leasing
                    (智租)”, a leasing business management application, were released in bauma CHINA in
                    November 2018, and ZvalleyOS, an industrial Internet platform, was released in December
                    2018.


          (II)	
               Intelligent manufacturing driving transformation            and    upgrade,    with   manufacturing
               capabilities achieving leapfrog improvement
               The Group speeded up the upgrade of manufacturing, creating a new model for the development of
               high-end equipment manufacturing industry.

               1.   Escalated the advancement of intelligent manufacturing. For the construction machinery
                    sector, the Group constructed an intelligent tower crane factory and intelligent work-at-
                    height machinery production line of high standard and high efficiency at a high starting
                    point, achieving intelligent, automated and flexible production. Among which, the Changde
                    intelligent tower crane factory operated in an industrial park is a “domestically first-class
                    and internationally advanced” intelligent factory that integrates intelligent application control,
                    intelligent production line, intelligent logistics and intelligent detection technology. The Group
                    commenced the planning and construction of an intelligent mixer manufacturing industrial
                    park and hydraulic key component industrial park. For the agricultural machinery sector, a
                    high-end and high-powered tractor production line was launched in Kaifeng Industrial Park,
                    which comprehensively introduced the intelligent magnetic-guided AGV system and integrated
                    intelligent Internet of Things technology and various automated production process equipment,
                    elevating the level of domestic agricultural machinery manufacturing to a new height.

               2.   Promoted industrial agglomeration and upgrade. The Group fully commenced the planning and
                    construction of Zoomlion Intelligent Industrial City to achieve industrial agglomeration, created
                    intelligent products and strived to develop fields such as intelligent manufacturing, industrial
                    Internet and artificial intelligence to achieve industrial upgrade, and nurtured upstream and
                    downstream enterprises of key components to complement, extend and strengthen the
                    industrial chain.


          (III)	Leading the market by technological innovation, with outstanding results in research and
                 development innovation
               The Group achieved new breakthroughs in the area of international standards, with our momentum
               in independent innovation continuously enhancing and our intelligent and green manufacturing
               leading the development of the industry.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                    Report of the Board of Directors


1.   Introduced our leading standards to the international field again. The Group is the first
     domestic construction machinery enterprise to lead the formulation of international standards,
     with the number of registered international standardization experts increased to 11. During the
     Reporting Period, for international standards under the lead of the Group, “Cranes — Limiting
     and Indicating Devices — Part 3: Tower Cranes” was submitted for approval, “Concrete
     Pumps — Part 2: Concrete Pumps — Test Methods for Technical Parameters” was under
     review and “Cranes — Safe use — Part 1: General” was successfully approved, and two new
     international standards proposals, namely “Cranes — Crane Driving Manual — Part 3: Tower
     Cranes” and “Safety Requirements for Concrete and Mortar Preparation Equipment”, were
     admitted.

2.   Achieved fruitful results in independent innovation.

     (1)   Construction machinery products: Four of our products, namely T7020 flat-arm tower
           crane, ZCC8800W crawler crane, RMAS3000 manufactured sand + dry mortar integrated
           production line and ZRS322E single-drum hydraulic doubledrive road roller, were
           included on the list of 2018 TOP50 Chinese Construction Machinery Products (2018 中國
           工程機械年度產品TOP50), and our 2000-ton allterrain crane was awarded the first prize
           of China Machinery Industry Science and Technology Award (中國機械工業科學技術獎一
           等獎).

     (2)   Agricultural machinery products: Our DC200 batch-type recirculating grain dryer and
           high-powered (above 100 horsepower) tractor were respectively awarded the 2018
           Agricultural Machinery Industry “Product Gold Award” and “Most Influential Brand
           Award”. The drum sugarcane harvester developed by the Group is incorporated with
           various technical patents previously absent in China, achieving international advanced
           standards in terms of product intelligence, harvesting efficiency, impurity rate and
           adaptability. We developed the first unmanned integrated harvester in China, which has
           been verified through two rounds of harvesting of rice and wheat in Xinghua, Jiangsu
           Province.

     (3)   The establishment of innovation platform achieved remarkable results. The tower crane
           green design and manufacturing integrated platform demonstration project was included
           in the national green manufacturing system integration project, with intelligent and green
           manufacturing leading the development of the industry. In January 2018, the Group
           was approved to set up the “Key Laboratory of the Ministry of Agriculture of Major Crop
           Production Technology and Equipment in South China”, which is the only key laboratory
           in China for conducting research and application in respect of major crop production
           technology and equipment in South China. The layout of the Group’s research and
           development platform was further optimized.




                                                                                                        13
14
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Report of the Board of Directors


                     (4)   The Group was selected as one of the top 100 innovative enterprises in China, ranking
                           first in the construction machinery industry, and our “multi-axis vehicle electro-hydraulic
                           servo steering system, steering control method and multi-axis vehicle” patent was
                           awarded the China Patent Excellence Award.


          (IV) Internationalization reaching a new level
                The Group continued to focus on key countries and regions and intensified its efforts in overseas
                markets. In accordance with the principle of “leading, intensifying and penetrating”, the Group
                speeded up the layout planning and upgrade of overseas production bases to form a local
                manufacturing cluster along the “One Belt, One Road”.

                1.   Continuously strengthened the layout planning of key overseas markets. The Group focused
                     on key regions, key product lines, components and service capabilities, continuously promoted
                     local operations and expanded overseas markets to achieve coverage and stability in key
                     markets around the world.

                2.   Continuously advanced the expansion and upgrade of overseas bases. The Group speeded
                     up the expansion and upgrade of CIFA from Italy from a regional company specializing in
                     concrete equipment to a comprehensive global company covering concrete, engineering and
                     construction products with production and manufacturing operation covering the Middle East
                     and North America. The Group fostered the establishment of an independent operational
                     entity by m-tec in China, in order to introduce the German high-end manufacturing and
                     service standards to China. The construction of the China-Belarus Industrial Park project was
                     gradually proceeded. The Group speeded up the progress of local operations in India and
                     prepared for the construction of new factories in India, in order to establish a comprehensive
                     production and manufacturing base integrating research, production and sales along the “One
                     Belt, One Road”.

                3.   Continuously promoted global resource integration. The Group acquired 100% of equity
                     interests in Wilbert from Germany, a globally leading manufacturer of tower cranes, and
                     entered into the European high-end tower crane market to achieve global coverage of full
                     range of products in the tower crane business.


          (V)   Promoting management reform in-depth, significantly improving operational quality
                During the Reporting Period, the Group continuously strengthened its management platform,
                innovated management tools and improved management capabilities, achieving a new level of
                management standards and operational efficiency.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                             Report of the Board of Directors


        1.   Intensified digital management and decision-making. Focusing on product research and
             development, production and manufacturing, marketing services, financial management, risk
             control and business decision-making, the Group created a “Zoomlion Intellect” information
             management platform and application to strengthen whole-process business management and
             monitoring, achieving digital, accurate and efficient management end-to-end.

        2.   Intensified internal marketization mechanism and assessment. The Group comprehensively
             promoted the implementation of reform of profit-centered management and established
             an incentive system of “co-creation of values and benefit sharing”, in order to achieve
             strict assessment, full encouragement and solid commitment to stimulate the vitality of all
             employees.

        3.   Comprehensively enhanced risk management and control capabilities.

             The Group adhered to tightening credit policy, verified the quality of new machinery sales
             contracts one by one, resolutely resisted low-quality orders and firmly grasped the key points
             of risk control, significantly enhancing the quality of new business operations. Daily inspection
             and cycled inspection mechanism was established to promote “one case, one decision”
             management for high-risk customers, basically solving inventory risk.

        4.   Promoted quality culture and system construction. The Group focused on product delivery
             standards, product early-stage failure rate and three-guarantee period loss rate to build a
             quality firewall. With quality standards as the basis, the Group strictly standardized its quality
             system with processes and indicators, carried out quality cost management and implemented
             quality responsibility to promote the comprehensive enhancement of product quality.

        5.   Optimized after-sales services system. The Group built a new service management platform
             and system focusing on customer satisfaction, promoted the visualization of component
             logistics and established a star rating system for after-sales services personnel, in order
             to enhance the quality of our components and after-sales services and improve customer
             satisfaction.


II. Analysis of Financial position
   Details of the financial position of the Company are set out in “Management Discussion and Analysis”.




                                                                                                                  15
16
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Report of the Board of Directors


     III. Business Outlook of the Group
          (I)    Industry development trend and market outlook
                 1.   Construction machinery market
                      In 2019, China will continue to implement proactive fiscal policies and sound monetary policies,
                      strengthen counter-cyclical adjustment and increase efforts in infrastructure construction. With
                      the “steady growth” policy for infrastructure construction gradually implemented, approval of
                      infrastructure projects such as transportation infrastructure speeded up and the construction
                      of key areas including Xiong’an New District and Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay
                      Area rolled out, the construction of beautiful Chinese rural areas will be expedited. With the
                      speed up of promotion of prefabricated buildings, enhancement of environmental protection
                      requirements, further replacement of labors by machinery, continuous growth momentum of
                      periodical equipment update and intensive promotion of the national “One Belt, One Road”
                      initiative, the construction machinery industry will continue to grow, and leading enterprises
                      with edges in brand, technology, scale and services will gain greater competitive strengths.

                 2.   Agricultural machinery market
                      In December 2018, the State Council issued the Guiding Opinions of the State Council on
                      Speeding Up the Transformation and Upgrade of Agricultural Mechanization and Agricultural
                      Machinery Equipment Industry (《國務院關於加快推進農業機械化和農機裝備產業轉型升級
                      的指導意見》). With the implementation of the national rural revitalization strategy and the
                      intensification of the agricultural supply-side structural reform, the level of mechanization
                      of domestic agriculture will be further enhanced, providing opportunities and room for
                      development for the industry, and the future development of the industry will generally remain
                      favorable. Meanwhile, along with the constant adjustment and optimization of agricultural
                      machinery subsidy policies, agricultural machinery subsidy funds will focus on large-scale
                      agricultural entities such as rural cooperatives and mid-to-high-end, green and intelligent
                      products. Leading companies with edges in brand, technology, scale and services will seize
                      development opportunities.


          (II)   Main operation direction for 2019
                 1.   Ensuring the completion of target responsibility system. The Group will enhance its profit-
                      centered assessment incentive model, improve the performance accountability and termination
                      mechanism of managers at all levels, strengthen training of talent teams, reinforce the
                      crisis awareness and benign competition of all employees and stimulate the new vitality
                      of sustainable development, in order to accomplish the strategic goals and enhance the
                      operational quality of the Group.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                     Report of the Board of Directors


2.   Speeding up digital transformation. Firstly, based on product intelligence, the Group will
     consolidate its existing data foundation, intensify the integration and application of the Group’s
     internal logistics, information flow and capital flow functions, and continuously promote the
     intelligentization and digitalization of the Group’s products, manufacturing, services, supply
     chain and management. Secondly, focusing on the upstream and downstream industry chain
     and leveraging on its experience in Internet of Things and big data, the Group will develop and
     expand outwards to empower traditional manufacturing industries and drive the transformation
     of traditional business models.

3.   Fostering international breakthroughs. Firstly, the Group will continuously intensify its channels,
     components and localization strategies and further empower its overseas subsidiaries to
     implement its strategy of “I see, I come and I conquer”. Secondly, the Group will speed up the
     implementation of local manufacturing projects in Italy, Belarus and India and establish regional
     integrated manufacturing bases in Europe, Russian-speaking regions and South Asia, in order
     to improve the comprehensive competitiveness of products and foster new growth momentum
     overseas through local manufacturing and local management.

4.   Continuously promoting intelligent manufacturing. Firstly, the Group will comprehensively
     commence the construction of Zoomlion Intelligent Industrial City to establish an “intelligent
     industrial city” that integrates intelligent manufacturing bases of high-end equipment and
     research application bases of artificial intelligence. Secondly, the Group will commence the
     establishment of its product intelligence enterprise standard system to reinforce its leading
     position in product intelligence. Thirdly, the Group will promote the continuous improvement
     and upgrade of products 4.0 to realize the transformation of single-machine intelligence to
     multimachine intelligence, manufacturing processes to manufacturing visualization and digital
     resources to data values, leading the upgrade of industry products.

5.   Establishing core competitiveness in services. The Group will continuously promote the
     transformation of service system, optimize resource allocation and improve service skills
     and component supply capabilities. Leveraging on industrial Internet technology and mobile
     application promotion, the Group will constantly provide users with more convenient,
     personalized and customized services, and extend and enhance the services of the entire
     value chain, leading and promoting the transformation and upgrade of service-oriented
     manufacturing in the industry and setting the benchmark for industry services.

6.   Establishing new supplier relationship. The Group will form long-term strategic alliance with
     suppliers, in order to transform trading relationship to long-term mutually beneficial strategic
     alliance relationship, so that the sharing of high-quality resources of technology, techniques
     and manufacturing can be achieved and a stable, efficient and low-cost supply chain system
     can be established.




                                                                                                           17
18
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Report of the Board of Directors


               7.   Striving to develop potential and emerging markets. Firstly, in respect of earth working
                    machinery, the Group will establish new sales channels to provide customers with more
                    professional and efficient sales and services. A full range of products, especially the
                    performance and quality of products, will be upgraded to enhance market competitiveness,
                    bringing greater positive synergies to product research and development, manufacturing
                    and market services. Secondly, in respect of work-at-height machinery, based on our high-
                    efficiency intelligent production lines and a full range of intelligent products, the Group will
                    incorporate intelligent Internet of Things technology to rapidly explore the market.

               8.   Transforming and upgrading the agricultural machinery sector. The business of the agricultural
                    machinery sector is based on “building foundation, making focus and achieving breakthrough”.
                    Through the enhancement of product manufacturing quality and improvement in costs, the
                    Group will create reliable products, focus on products and markets, pay attention to product
                    quality, delivery and service enhancement, and achieve business breakthroughs by “reducing
                    costs, controlling fees and generating revenue”.


          (III) Risk factors exposed and measures to be taken for the future development
               1.   Uncertainties on macroeconomic situation and industry growth.
                    Measures: We will pay close attention to macroeconomic policies and industry trends to
                    formulate corresponding preventive adjustment strategies and measures. We will enhance
                    research and development capability and technological innovation standard to consolidate
                    the competitiveness and market share of intelligent products 4.0. We will restructure business
                    models to enhance the profitability of value-added business and after-market services. We
                    will establish an efficient operation and management mechanism that adapts to market
                    competition.

               2.   Volatility in prices of commodities such as steel and petroleum, risk of increase
                    in production costs of the Group.
                    Measures: We will pay attention to the global trend of price changes of major raw materials
                    and energy, and conduct analysis, research and judgment to make correct and favorable
                    purchasing decisions. Through the re-integration of supplier resources and centralized
                    procurement of common materials, we will nurture large-scale and specialized suppliers to
                    form a long-term supplier strategic alliance and establish a stable, reliable, efficient and low-
                    cost supply chain system. We will enhance the utilization rate of materials through the use of
                    technology and innovation processes, and develop new materials and new processes with
                    alternative technology to continuously reduce costs.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                             Report of the Board of Directors


        3.   Uncertainties on exchange rate fluctuations, risk of decrease in earnings from
             overseas investments and sales.
             Measures: We will closely monitor relevant exchange rate policies of the global financial market
             and China, and conduct analysis, research and judgment to select appropriate exchange rate
             management tools for the active management of exchange rate risks. We will speed up the
             local production of overseas bases along the “One Belt, One Road” to hedge against risk of
             exchange rate fluctuations.


IV. Profit Distribution and Bonus Dividend
   The Company has emphasised on shareholders’ returns. Since its listing in 2000, the Company has
   distributed cash dividend in every year. As at 31 December 2018, the accumulative cash dividend
   distributed by the Company amounted to RMB11,805 million.

   According to the profit distribution plan for 2018 of the Company, based on the total share capital by the
   time of profit distribution, the Company will pay cash dividend of RMB0.25 (tax inclusive) for every share
   and will not issue bonus shares by capitalisation of the capital reserve.

   According to the Law on Corporate Income Tax of the People’s Republic of China and its implementing
   rules which came into effect on 1 January 2008 and other relevant rules, the Company is required to
   withhold 10% corporate income tax before distributing the 2018 dividend to non-resident enterprise
   shareholders as appearing on the H Share register of members of the Company. Any shares registered
   in the name of the non-individual shareholders, including HKSCC Nominees Limited, other nominees,
   trustees or other groups and organizations, will be treated as being held by non-resident enterprise
   shareholders and therefore will be subject to the withholding of the corporate income tax. Cash dividend
   payable to H Share non-resident enterprises after the deduction of the said corporate income tax is
   RMB0.225 per share (for reference only). Cash dividend payable to the shareholder of H Shares will be
   paid in Hong Kong dollars. The Company assumes no responsibility and will not entertain any claims
   arising from any delay in, or inaccurate determination of, the status of the shareholders or any dispute
   over the mechanism of withholding. Shareholders are recommended to consult their taxation advisors
   regarding their holding and disposing of H shares of the Company for the PRC, Hong Kong and other tax
   effects involved.

   According to the profit distribution plan for 2017 of the Company, based on the total share capital of
   7,794,048,075 shares, the Company will pay cash dividend of RMB0.2 (tax inclusive) for every share and
   will not issue bonus shares by capitalisation of the capital reserve.

   According to the profit distribution plan for 2016 of the Company, based on the total share capital of
   7,664,132,250 shares, the Company will pay cash dividend of RMB0.15 (tax inclusive) for every share
   and will not issue bonus shares by capitalisation of the capital reserve.




                                                                                                                19
20
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Report of the Board of Directors


     V. Pre-emptive Rights
          The Articles of Associations and laws of China do not contain any pre-emptive provision requiring the
          Company to issue new shares to existing shareholders on a pro-rata basis according to their existing
          shareholdings.


     VI. Property and Equipment
          Movements of the property and equipment of the Company during the reporting period are set out in
          note 11 to the financial statements prepared under IFRSs.


     VII. Major suppliers and customers
          Total purchases by the Company from the top five suppliers amounted to RMB1,925,136,289.46,
          accounting for 9.90% of the aggregate annual purchase of the Company and total purchases by the
          Company from the largest supplier accounted for 2.75% of the aggregate annual purchase of the
          Company. To the best knowledge of the Directors, during the reporting period, none of the directors,
          supervisors, their associates or shareholders holding more than 5% of the Company’s share capital in
          issue had an interest in the top five suppliers of the Company.

          Total sales to the top five customers of the Company amounted to RMB1,022,524,323.03, accounting for
          3.56% of the aggregate annual sales of the Company and the total sales to the largest customer of the
          Company accounted for 1.13% of the aggregate annual sales of the Company. To the best knowledge
          of the Directors, during the reporting period, none of the directors, supervisors, their associates or
          shareholders holding more than 5% of the Company’s share capital in issue had an interest in the top five
          customers of the Company.


     VIII.Donations
          During the reporting period, the charity donations and other donations of the Company amounted to
          approximately RMB5.61 million in aggregate.


     IX. Human Resources
          As at 31 December 2018, the Company had employed a total of 15,121 employees. Details of the
          Company’s staff costs and employee benefit plans for 2018 are disclosed in notes 5(b), 25 and 27 to the
          financial statements prepared under IFRSs respectively.


     X. Charge on Assets
          Details of the Company’s charge on assets are set out in note 22 to the financial statements prepared
          under IFRSs.



     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
       Management Discussion and Analysis

The following management discussion and analysis is based on IFRS financial statements data.

Overview
The Group is mainly engaged in the researches, development, manufacturing and sales of construction
machineries and agricultural machineries, as well as financial services such as finance leasing. Specifically, the
construction machinery segment provides concrete machinery, crane machinery, road construction machinery,
infrastructure construction machinery, road building and maintenance machinery, forklift truck and other
products mainly for infrastructure and real estate construction. Agricultural machinery industry, including farming
machinery, harvesting machinery, drying machinery and agricultural equipment, is mainly for provision of complete
package of services for breeding, field preparation, sowing, field management, harvesting, drying and storage.
The Group is principally engaged in three main operating segments from continuing operation, including
(i) research, development, manufacturing and sale of construction machinery; (ii) research, development,
manufacturing and sale of agricultural machinery; (iii) finance lease services; and one operating segment
from discontinued operation — research, development, manufacturing and sale of environmental sanitation
equipment and the provision of environmental solutions. The following analysis was prepared based on the
continuing operations of the Group.

Results of Operations
The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for 2018.

                                                                                    Year Ended 31 December
                                                                                           2018             2017
                                                                                           RMB              RMB
                                                                                        millions          millions


 Continuing operations:
 Revenue                                                                                 28,697            20,608
 Cost of sales and services                                                             (20,923)          (16,303)

 Gross profit                                                                              7,774             4,305
 Other income                                                                                882               259
 Sales and marketing expenses                                                             (2,379)           (2,180)
 General and administrative expenses                                                      (2,063)         (10,487)
 Research and development expenses                                                          (581)             (277)

 Profit/(loss) from operations                                                             3,633           (8,380)
 Net finance costs                                                                        (1,205)          (1,443)
 Share of profits less losses of associates                                                  222              110

 Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                            2,650            (9,713)
 Income tax                                                                                (682)            1,425

 Profit/(loss) from continuing operations                                                 1,968            (8,288)

 Discontinued operation:
 Profit from discontinued operation                                                           —             9,546


 Profit for the year                                                                      1,968             1,258




                                                                                                                      21
22
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Revenue
     We generate revenue primarily from the following operating segments:

     Construction machinery segment (consist of concrete machinery sub-segment, crane machinery sub-segment
     and others);

     Agricultural machinery segment;

     Financial services segment; and

     Environmental industry segment（discontinued operation).

     The following table sets forth the breakdown of our consolidated turnover by our operating segments for 2018:


                                                                                     Year Ended 31 December
                                                                                           2018             2017
                                                                                           RMB              RMB
                                                                                        millions          millions


      Continuing operations:
        Construction machinery
         — Concrete machinery                                                             10,165           7,335
         — Crane machinery                                                                12,472           6,805
        — Others                                                                           4,086           3,781
        Agricultural machinery                                                             1,477           2,295
        Financial services                                                                  497              392


                                                                                          28,697          20,608
      Discontinued operation:
        Environmental industry                                                                —            2,665


                                                                                          28,697          23,273




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


Our revenue from continuing operations increased by 39.25% from RMB20,608 million for the year ended 31
December 2017 to RMB28,697 million for the year ended 31 December 2018. The increase of revenue was
mainly due to the continuous recovery of the construction machinery market, and as a result the Group’s gross
profit margin of products increased and profitability also significantly enhanced. Among which, revenue of
concrete machinery and crane machinery for the year ended 31 December 2018 increased by RMB2,880 million
and RMB5,686 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 39.72% and 84.10%, respectively. On the
other hand, due to the insufficient market demand for traditional agricultural machinery products, adjustment
of purchase subsidy policy and decline in crop prices, revenue of agricultural machinery for the year ended 31
December 2018 decreased by RMB818 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 35.64%.

The following table sets forth the breakdown of our turnover by geographic sales location for 2018:

                                                                                     Year Ended 31 December
                                                                                            2018              2017
                                                                                            RMB               RMB
                                                                                         millions           millions


 Revenue from external customers
   — Mainland PRC (of which RMB2,447 million in 2017
     relates to discontinued operation)                                                   25,107            20,908
   — Outside PRC (of which RMB218 million in 2017
     relates to discontinued operation)                                                    3,590             2,365


 Total                                                                                    28,697            23,273



Cost of sales and services
Our cost of sales and services primarily consists of:

Raw materials, i.e., costs of raw materials, parts and components, including steel, branded chassis, hydraulic
parts and components, engines, tires and electric controls, and a variety of other raw materials and fabricated
or manufactured components;

Staff costs, including salaries and benefits for personnel directly involved in manufacturing activities;

Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment used for manufacturing purposes;

Costs of finance lease services, including fees, other surcharges and interest related to factoring of receivables
under finance lease; and

Others, including manufacturing overhead, such as maintenance of production equipment and utility costs,
including electricity, steam and water and costs associated with waste treatment.




                                                                                                                       23
24
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Gross profit
     The following table sets forth the gross profit by operating segments for the period indicated.


                                                                                       Year Ended 31 December
                                                                                              2018            2017
                                                                                              RMB             RMB
                                                                                           millions         millions


      Reportable segment profit:
      Continuing operations:
        Construction machinery
         — Concrete machinery                                                                 2,436          1,344
         — Crane machinery                                                                    3,625          1,492
        — Others                                                                              1,115            757
        Agricultural machinery                                                                 102             320
        Financial services                                                                     496             392


                                                                                              7,774          4,305
      Discontinued operation:
        Environmental industry                                                                   —             664


                                                                                              7,774          4,969


     As a result of the foregoing, our gross profit increased by 80.58% from RMB4,305 million for the year ended
     31 December 2017 to RMB7,774 million for the year ended 31 December 2018. Our gross profit margin
     increased from 20.89% for the year ended 31 December 2017 to 27.09% for the year ended 31 December 2018,
     which is mainly due to a significant increase in gross profit margin of concrete machinery and crane machinery.


     Other income
     Our other income increased from the net gain of RMB259 million for the year ended 31 December 2017 to
     a net gain of RMB882 million for the year ended 31 December 2018, which is mainly due to an one-off gain
     on sale of 20% equity interest in Changsha Zoomlion Environmental Industry Co., Ltd. of RMB148 million and
     increase in gains on financial assets at FVPL of RMB444 million.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


Sales and marketing expenses
Our sales and marketing expenses increased by 9.13% from RMB2,180 million for the year ended
31 December 2017 to RMB2,379 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 primarily due to an increase in
product warranty costs as a result of an increase in revenue.


General and administrative expenses
Our general and administrative expenses decreased from RMB10,487 million for the year ended 31 December
2017 to RMB2,063 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 primarily due to the followings: 1) Impairment
losses for trade receivables and receivables under finance lease decreased by RMB5,782 million and RMB712
million, which are due to that certain long-aged trade receivables were impaired to quoted price in 2017. 2)
Impairment losses for reprocessed machineries decreased by RMB1,582 million which are due to that certain
reprocessed machineries were planned to be disposed at a lower price in short-term in 2017. The above one-
off items did not occurred in 2018.


Net finance costs
Our net finance costs for the year ended 31 December 2017 was RMB1,443 million and our net finance
costs for the year ended 31 December 2018 was RMB1,205 million. The fluctuation was due to the effect of
decrease in net exchange loss.


Profit for the year
As a result of the foregoing, our profit for the year increased by 56.44% from a profit RMB1,258 million for the
year ended 31 December 2017 to a profit RMB1,968 million for the year ended 31 December 2018.




                                                                                                                   25
26
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Cash Flow
     As of 31 December 2018, we had RMB8,754 million in cash and cash equivalents, most of which were
     denominated in Renminbi. Our cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of cash and demand deposits.

     The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated cash flows for 2018:

                                                                                          Year Ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2018             2017
                                                                                                 RMB              RMB
                                                                                              millions          millions


      Net cash generated from operating activities                                              4,717             2,453
      Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                   (7,242)            4,036
      Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                    4,102            (5,906)


      Net increase in cash and equivalents                                                      1,577              583
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                      29               (10)
      Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                  7,148             6,575


      Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                        8,754             7,148


     Operating activities
     In 2018, net cash generated from operating activities was RMB4,717 million derived primarily from the profit
     before taxation of RMB2,650 million in total, adjusted to reflect interest expenses of RMB1,451 million,
     depreciation and amortisation of RMB837 million, gain on sale of 20% equity interest in Changsha Zoomlion
     Environmental Industry Co., Ltd. of RMB148 million, net realized and unrealised gains on financial assets at
     FVPL of RMB503 million, share incentive scheme expenses of RMB267 million and added back the effect
     of (i) the decrease of receivables under finance lease of RMB228 million; (ii) the increase in trade and other
     payables of RMB901 million and (iii) the increase in contract liabilities of RMB1,602 million, and net off the
     following items: (i) the increase in inventories of RMB108 million; (ii) the increase in trade and other receivables
     of RMB1,471 million and (iii) income tax payment of RMB431 million.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                            Management Discussion and Analysis


Investing activities
In 2018, net cash used in investing activities was RMB7,242 million, consisting primarily of: (i) payment for
purchase of property, plant and equipment of RMB370 million; (ii) payment for financial assets at FVPL of
RMB38,414 million and (iii) the increase in pledged bank deposits of RMB205 million and offset by (i) proceeds
from disposal of financial assets at FVPL of RMB31,394 million and (ii) interest received of RMB347 million.

Financing activities
In 2018, net cash generated from financing activities was RMB4,102 million, consisting primarily of:
(i) repayments of loans and borrowings of RMB15,063 million; (ii) cash dividends paid to equity shareholders
of RMB1,308 million; (iii) interest payments of RMB1,428 million and (iv) repayments of guaranteed USD
senior notes of RMB325 million and added (i) proceeds from loans and borrowings of RMB22,205 million and
(ii) proceeds from issuance of restricted shares of RMB37 million.


Working Capital and Indebtedness
The table below sets forth the details of our current assets and liabilities as of 31 December 2018:

                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                         2018            2017
                                                                                         RMB             RMB
                                                                                      millions         millions


 Current assets
   Inventories                                                                          9,551           8,886
   Other current assets                                                                 1,097             897
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                               13,787           6,323
   Trade and other receivables                                                         21,554          22,661
   Receivables under finance lease                                                      8,835          10,931
   Pledged bank deposits                                                                1,184           1,048
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                            8,754           7,148


 Total current assets                                                                  64,762          57,894


 Current liabilities
   Loans and borrowings                                                                22,044           9,348
   Trade and other payables                                                            15,786          14,992
   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                              40               —
   Contract liabilities                                                                 1,602               —
   Income tax payable                                                                     151             148


 Total current liabilities                                                             39,623          24,488


Our net current asset decreased from RMB34,406 million as at 31 December 2017 to RMB25,139 million as at
31 December 2018, mainly attributable to the increase of current portion of long-term loans and borrowings.



                                                                                                                  27
28
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Liquidity Risk
     Exposure to liquidity risk arises in the normal course of the Company’s business. Liquidity risk is the risk
     that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Company’s policy
     is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending covenants, to ensure that it
     maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions
     to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and long term.

     The following table sets out the remaining contractual maturities of the financial liabilities as of 31 December
     2018, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using
     contractual rates or, if floating, based on current prevailing rates as of 31 December 2018) and the earliest date
     the Company would be required to repay:


                                                                             As at 31 December 2018
                                                                 Total                        More than      More than
                                                        contractual             Within        1 year but    2 years but
                                            Carrying   undiscounted           1 year or        less than      less than     More than
                                            amount        cash flow         on demand           2 years         5 years        5 years
                                      RMB millions     RMB millions       RMB millions     RMB millions    RMB millions   RMB millions


      Loans and borrowings                    35,689            38,793          23,441            5,721           9,190           441
      Trade and other payables                15,786            15,786          15,786                 —             —              —
      Contract liabilities                     1,602             1,602           1,602                 —             —              —
      Other non-current liabilities             991               991                —              261            589            141


                                              54,068            57,172          40,829            5,982           9,779           582


      Financial guarantees issued
        Maximum amount guaranteed                55              3,899           3,899                 —             —              —


                                                                              As at 31 December 2018
                                                             Contractual undiscounted cash inflow/(outflow)
                                                                     More than            More than
                                                       Within        1 year but       2 years but
                                                   1 year or             less than         less than       More than
                                                on demand                 2 years           5 years          5 years            Total
                                              RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions RMB millions


      Forward foreign exchange contracts:
         — outflow                                       (515)                  —                 —                —             (515)
         — inflow                                        475                    —                 —                —              475


     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


Management believes that the Group’s current cash on hand, expected cash flows from operations and
available standby credit facilities from financial institutions will be sufficient to meet the Group’s working capital
requirements and repay its borrowings and obligations when they become due.


Credit Risk
Credit risk is primarily attributable to bank deposits, trade and other receivables, receivables under finance
lease, financial guarantees and endorsed bills with full recourse which were derecognized by the Group. The
maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of these financial assets and guarantee
obligations.

In respect of trade receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit
over a certain amount. Collaterals, such as properties, machinery or third party guarantees, are generally
required for customers with lower credit ratings. In addition, credit insurance coverage is required for overseas
sales. Certain customers are required to pay by letters of credit. Debtors overdue by three months or more
are handled by risk management department which is responsible for recovering debts through legal and
other actions. In respect of receivables under finance lease, a risk control committee is responsible for the
establishment of credit risk management policies, the supervision on the implementation of such policies and
determination of the key terms of the lease contracts. Credit review department, legal department, finance
department and information technology department are collectively responsible for credit risk management and
monitoring of settlement of receivables under finance lease. Credit risk in respect of other receivables is limited
as the balance mainly includes prepayments to tax authorities and reputable suppliers, deposits to landlord,
and debts due from related parties. Bank deposits are placed with financial institutions that have high credit
ratings. Given their credit ratings, management does not expect any counterparty to fail to meet its obligations.

Please refer to notes 18,19 and 31 of the financial statements prepared under IFRSs for more quantitative
information about the Company’s credit risk.


Interest Rate Risk
Interest rate risk exposure arises primarily from bank deposits, receivables under finance lease, short-term and
long-term bank and other borrowings. These financial instruments bearing interest at variable rates and at fixed
rates expose us to cash flow interest rate risk and fair value interest rate risk, respectively.

Please refer to note 31 of the financial statements prepared under IFRSs for more quantitative information
about the Company’s interest rate risk.




                                                                                                                         29
30
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Currency Risk
     The Company is exposed to currency risk primarily through deposits, sales, purchases and borrowings which
     give rise to receivables, payables, loans and borrowings and cash balances that are denominated in a foreign
     currency, that is, a currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions
     relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily US dollars, HK dollars and Euro.

     Please refer to note 31 of the financial statements prepared under IFRSs for more quantitative information
     about the Company’s currency risk.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report

1   About This Report
    Declaration from the Board of Directors
    The Board of Directors and all directors of Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
    (also referred to as “the Company”) guarantee that there is no false record, misleading statement or major
    omission in this report and they will bear individual and joint liabilities for the authenticity, accuracy and
    integrity of the contents.


    Basis of Preparation
    This report marks the third Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) report issued consecutively by
    Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd., which has been prepared in accordance
    with Appendix 27 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (“the ESG Guide”) to the Main
    Board Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (“the HKEx Listing Rules”). The report covers a
    period from 1 January 2018 to 31 December 2018. Previous activities relating to certain reporting aspects
    are also considered retrospectively.


    Release Cycle
    The report is prepared annually. The Environmental, Social and Governance Report for the next reporting
    period (2019) is expected to be released in April 2020. The report is available on the website of the
    Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company’s official website.


    Reporting Scope
    Considering that overseas subsidiaries of the Company and some small business segments of
    construction machinery (such as material handling machinery and systems, specialised vehicles and
    vehicle axles) have inconsiderable environmental, social and governance impacts, the report is focused
    on the operating environments and social policies of primary construction machinery segment and
    agricultural machinery segment of the Company and its subsidiaries within China during the reporting
    period.


    Definition
    To simplify the expression, “Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.” will also be
    referred to as “Zoomlion”, “ZHIST”, “the Company” or “we” in the report.

    This report is available on the website of Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company’s official website.
    If you have any feedback or suggestion for this report, please contact us at (86 731) 88788432.




                                                                                                                     31
32
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     2    About Us
          Company Business
          During the reporting period, the Company is mainly engaged in the research and development,
          manufacturing and sales of high-tech equipment, such as construction machineries and agricultural
          machineries, as well as provision of financial services such as finance leasing. Specifically, the
          construction machinery segment provides concrete machinery, crane machinery, road construction
          machinery, infrastructure construction machinery, road building and maintenance machinery, forklift truck
          and other products mainly for infrastructure and real estate construction. Agricultural machinery industry,
          including farming machinery, harvesting machinery, drying machinery and agricultural equipment,
          is mainly for provision of complete package of services for breeding, field preparation, sowing, field
          management, harvesting, drying and storage. We aim to build a high-end equipment manufacturing
          enterprise which integrates engineering machinery, agricultural machinery and financial services.


          Social Responsibility Strategy of the Company
          As a company listed on the A-share and H-share markets, we firmly believe that corporate value
          originates from society. In addition to delivering returns for investors and creating huge economic benefits
          for the country, we are always committed to fulfilling our responsibilities and obligations as a responsible
          corporate citizen. We actively participate in public welfare undertakings, proactively protect the interests
          of our employees, suppliers, customers and consumers, and are dedicated to building a resource-
          conserving, environment-friendly and innovation-driven enterprise, thereby implementing sustainable
          development strategies with practical actions.


          Stakeholder Involvement
          Key environmental, social and governance stakeholders at the Company level, whether internal or
          external, include internal personnel (from management to frontline employees), suppliers, clients,
          shareholders, investors, governments and communities where the Company operate. The report has
          been prepared mainly on the basis of materiality assessments of the Company’s management and
          internal stakeholders, which consider two dimensions including the Company’s business operation
          and its stakeholders. The management periodically reviews the materiality assessments, with the purpose
          of ensuring that the report reflects, to the greatest extent possible, the most recent progress of the
          Company in sustainable development. It is recognised that the wider spectrum of stakeholders to be
          participated in the ESG journey, the better result of materiality assessments to be obtained. Therefore,
          the Company plans to involve more stakeholders to engage in the assessments to enhance stakeholders’
          participation and representativeness, so as to achieve the aforesaid goal.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Materiality Assessment
Based on our stakeholders and materiality assessments, we believe that the following topics are
important to the Company’s sustainable development. Those topics have been identified as the
Company’s sustainable development focuses.

—                            Emissions
                             • Emission of exhaust gases
                             • Emission of greenhouse gases
                             • Emission of waste water
                             • Emission of hazardous waste
—                            Utilisation of Energy
                             • Direct energy
                             • Indirect energy
                             • Water resources
—                            Employment
—                            Health and safety
—                            Product responsibility
                             • Product health and safety
                             • Client privacy
—                            Anti-corruption
—                            Supply chain management


                                                                   Materiality Assessment Matrix

                          Related                                                                         Emission of     Employment and labour regulations
                                                                                                          waste water     Emission of hazardous waste
                                                                                                          Emission of            Client privacy      Product health
                                                                                                          exhaust gases   Emission of greenhouse and safety
                                                                                                                          gases
                                                                                                                Anti-corruption
                                                                                                                Occupational health and security
                                                                                                    Advertisement and labels of products and services
                                                                                                               Development        Water resources
                                                                                                               and training                 Supply chain management




 Impact on stakeholders
                                                                                                               Employees’ rights Direct energy
                                                                                                               and standards
                                         Community investment                                                                     Indirect energy
                                                                                   Environment and natural resources
                                       Other potential social               Utilisation of packaging materials
                                    impacts on the Company
                                                                             Other potential environmental impacts on the Company

                                                            Emission of non-hazardous waste




                                               Materials




 Unrelated                                                                                                                                                    Related

                                                                         Impact on company operations




                                                                                                                                                                        33
34
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     3    Environment
          Guided by the conviction that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets, Zoomlion, as a
          leading force in the industry, continues to implement a safety and management policy stressing the
          importance of people and the need for green manufacturing. We strictly comply with the Environmental
          Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China and increase our contribution to environmental and
          ecological protection, so as to realise the coordinated development of environment and economy.
          We seek to establish ourselves as a model company in resources conservation and environmental
          friendliness, and are determined to pursue clean and low-carbon development.

          We remain highly attentive to the possible impacts of machinery manufacturing on the environment, and
          consider energy conservation and environmental protection a paramount issue in our production and
          business operation. The powering of construction machinery products has fully reached the National
          V Emission Standard for Motor Vehicles (i.e. the “National V Emission Standard”), and the agricultural
          machineries have been fully equipped with engines that meet the “National III Emission Standard”. In
          2018, the Company actively explored how to manufacture high-end equipment and strived to lead the
          industry in the green transition through multiple initiatives, such as artificial intelligence and Industry 4.0.
          Although product assembly and painting inevitably consume energy and give rise to related discharges
          and emissions, we are committed to reducing the environmental impact of our business activities by:

          •    Observing all environmental laws and regulations, as well as other statutory requirements, including
               industrial standards;

          •    Building a sound environmental management system that ensures that business procedures are
               carried out in a responsible manner, whether socially or for employees;

          •    Setting clear environmental objectives and pushing for continued progress in environmental
               protection;

          •    Providing sufficient investments in environmental protection and energy conservation causes, and
               banning pollution activities;

          •    Increasing environmental awareness, strengthening environmental training and education, and
               earnestly executing energy conservation and emission reduction work; and

          •    Incorporating energy conservation and emission reduction matters in our business decision-making
               processes.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
              Environmental, Social and Governance Report


With regard to management, externally, the Company strictly complies with Chinese laws and regulations
and earnestly implements environment management policies issued by local governments at all levels.
Internally, we fully follow the requirements set out in our system management papers and perform our
environmental and social duties in an active manner. The environmental protection facilities in each
industrial park are running normally and effectively, with all of them meeting the design and emission
standards, and the environmental contingency plans are prepared according to related requirements.
Environmental impact assessment and environmental protection inspection and acceptance on
completed projects have been carried out for all new, renovated and expanded projects. In addition, we
annually entrust qualified technical services agencies with the supervision and inspection on the parks’
emission of waste water, exhaust gases and noises, and then submit relevant inspection reports with
local environmental protection authorities for public disclosure. To “win the battle for a blue sky”, end of
pipe treatment of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) was initiated regarding all business segments and
subsidiaries in 2018 to further purify exhaust gases originated from painting. During the reporting period,
no cases of excessive emissions were found.


3.1 Emissions
     Due to the special characteristics of industrial companies and technical limitations, we inevitably
     produce and discharge air pollutants (such as sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxides) and greenhouse
     gases (such as carbon dioxide) in the production and manufacturing process. The painting
     process also inevitably discharges industrial waste water. To address this issue, the Company
     has developed the Procedures for Identifying, Evaluating and Controlling Environmental Factors to
     screen environmental factors relevant to the Company, to identify significant factors and to formulate
     specific plans for controlling such factors.

     During 2018, the types of air pollutants directly or indirectly produced by the Company’s domestic
     industrial parks and the related emission data are as follows:


      Types of air pollutants                                                                         Ton1


      Sulphur dioxide                                                                                 0.08
      Nitrous oxides                                                                                 11.46


     In addition, greenhouse gases emitted by the Company in 2018 were mainly generated from the
     burning of fossil fuels and the consumption of electricity. The Company generated approximately
     102,825.342 tons of greenhouse gases in 2018 (2017: 94,360.64 tons), with greenhouse gas
     emission intensity at 3.58 tons per million revenue in Renminbi (2017: 4.05 tons per million revenue
     in Renminbi), a decrease of 11.6%.




                                                                                                               35
36
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


               To manage the solid waste produced during the production and manufacturing process, the
               Company has formulated the Waste Management Measures, which divides waste into recyclable
               waste, non-recyclable waste and hazardous waste. The Company has also devised waste-type-
               specific disposal approaches. With regard to hazardous waste in particular, we ensure complete
               compliance with state requirements set out in Appendix A to the Specifications for Controlling
               Pollution from Hazardous Waste Storage (GB18597-2001). We apply waste labelling, make specific
               collection and transportation plans based on actual production procedures and disposal cycles of
               hazardous waste, and involve specialists to collect waste. Hazardous waste is stored in a location
               determined in accordance with the Specifications for Controlling Pollution from Hazardous Waste
               Storage (GB18597-2001), which requires separate storage based on the types and properties
               of hazardous waste, as well as dual-key sealing. The Company strictly abides by state laws and
               regulations on storage periods, and contacts professional disposal institutes for help in a timely
               manner. Additionally, the Company has formulated the Detailed Rules on Hazardous Waste
               Practices, under which the Safety and Environmental Management Department conducts regular
               supervision and random inspection. During the reporting period, the Company is mainly engaged in
               the design, production and assembly of industrial vehicles and construction machinery equipment.
               The solid wastes generated during the period are production-related wasted steal and related
               wastes. The Company collects and sells these wastes to realise the recycling of the wastes.

               1    The conversion of air pollutants is based on the Pollutant Discharge Coefficient and Material Balance Method Applicable to

                    Industries Not Included in the Pollutant Discharge Management (Trial Implementation) issued by the Ministry of Environmental

                    Protection of the People’s Republic of China.

                    The calculation method of sulphur dioxide emission:

                    PSO2 = Q × η × 0.85 × 2 × 10

                    The calculation method of nitrogen oxides emission:

                    PNOX = Q × μ

                    Note: PSO2: Sulfur dioxide emission, kg; Q: Fossil fuels consumption, t; η : sulphur content, %;

                    PNOX: Nitrogen oxide emission, kg; Q: Fossil fuels consumption, t; μ :Sewage coefficient

               2    The conversion of greenhouse gases is based on the Accounting Methods and Reporting Guidelines for Greenhouse Gases

                    Discharged by Machinery Equipment Manufacturers (Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform

                    Commission of the People’s Republic of China.

                    The sum of carbon dioxide emissions generated by the consumption of purchased electricity and fossil fuel is calculated

                    as follows: E = Ecombustion + Emanufacture + Eelectricity + Ethermo

                    Note: E: Total greenhouse gas emission, tCO2e;

                    Ecombustion: Emissions from combustion of fossil fuel, tCO2;

                    Eelectricity : Emissions from consumption of net purchased electricity, tCO2;

                    Emanufacture : Emissions during the industrial production process, tCO2e ;
                    Ethermo : Emissions from consumption of net purchased thermal energy; tCO2.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
            Environmental, Social and Governance Report


    In order to control waste water disposal and emissions of exhaust gas, and reduce environmental
    pollution, the Company has formulated the Rules on Treatment of Exhaust Gas, Waste Water
    and Noises to ensure control over and management on exhaust gas, waste water and noises.
    The Company annually entrusts environmental testing institutes with testing of environmental
    contamination factors, including waste water, waste gases, noises and dust to reinforce monitoring
    of the production process, so as to strictly prevent the outburst of environmental pollution
    accidents. With regard to emissions of exhaust gas, the Company maintains strict compliance with
    the Specifications for Air Pollutant Emissions (GB16297-1996). Key air pollution sources in the
    Company’s daily business operations include production-related smoke, dust, volatile chemicals,
    decomposed gas, vehicle exhaust, bottled or pipeline gas leaks, and household dust and fumes.
    The Company abides by the Specifications for Waste Water Disposal (GB/8978-96), and follows
    waste water isolation and sedimentation processes or subjects waste water to treatment at a water
    treatment plant until it meets certain standards and is safe to be disposed of. Key waste water
    sources in the Company’s daily business operations include production-related and domestic
    waste water. In 2018, the Company stepped up the fund for environmental protection and
    energy conservation, so as to continuously track pollutant emissions and ensure compliance with
    regulations.


3.2 Utilisation of Resources
    The Company uses power for production and non-production purposes. Production-related power
    is mainly used by various processing machines, electric traction equipment, air compressors, heat
    treatment of machine parts and electric welders. Non-production-related power is mainly used by
    offices, canteens and apartments. Water consumption is also for production and non-production
    purposes. Production-related water is mainly used for cleaning, quenching, cooling and test-run
    purposes. Non-production-related water is mainly used by offices, canteens and apartments.

    The Company mainly produces industrial vehicles, construction machinery, etc., and the process of
    delivery and transportation of products consumes relatively small amount of packaging materials.
    Therefore, related statistics about the consumption of packaging materials are unavailable for the
    time being.




                                                                                                         37
38
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


               Resources consumed by the Company’s domestic industrial parks during 2018 are as follows:


                                                                        Total
                                                             consumption                                     Consumption
                Variety of energy                                    in 2018       Unit                   Density in 2018           Unit


                Kerosene                                                  0.49     ton                            N/A (Note)        —
                Un-leaded petrol                                      239.19       ton                            N/A (Note)        —
                Purchased electricity                             12,638.87        10,000 kWhs                      4,404.25        kwhs per million
                                                                                                                                        revenue in RMB
                Freshwater                                            175.34       10,000 cubic                           61.1      tons per million
                                                                                      metres                                            revenue in RMB
                Natural gas (for cooking)                             368.35       10,000 cubic                        128.36       Cubic metres per
                                                                                      metres                                            million revenue
                                                                                                                                        in RMB
                Diesel (for contingency                             4,247.44       ton                            N/A (Note)        —
                   power-generation equipment)


               Note: As the relevant densities are tiny or do no direct link to the principal activities of the Company, the related densities on per million

                     revenue in RMB are not applicable


               The Company records its electricity and water consumption and reports it to relevant government
               authorities. It manages the use of electricity, water and other resources in accordance with the
               requirements of relevant government authorities.

               In order to enhance energy management, reduce consumption of resources and increase energy
               efficiency, the Company has formulated the Measures on Energy Management based on state
               energy policies and energy management standards, while taking account of the Company’s actual
               production needs and consumption of resources. The Company awards actions that benefit the
               intensive use of electricity, water and other resources for conservation purposes, as well as actions
               that put energy and resources to efficient use. We also punish actions that result in a waste of
               energy and resources.

          3.3 Environment and Natural Resources
               The Company shoulders more responsibilities for fulfilling lean production and green manufacturing
               at a time of continuous economic growth and under the requirements for building a resources-
               conserving and environmentally-friendly society. We have invested considerable human resources,
               capital and technologies to drive our on-going transformation to green manufacturing, focusing on
               areas such as design, process planning, the use of new materials, recycling of packing materials
               and products, and equipment application.

               The Company fully implements the safety and management policy stressing the importance of
               people and the need for green manufacturing. We have strictly complied with national and local
               laws and regulations, strengthened environmental and ecological protection and increased our

     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
         Environmental, Social and Governance Report


contribution to this undertaking, so as to actively fulfil the environmental and social responsibility
as an enterprise. In 2018, we have poured over RMB60 million to transform the environmental
protection technologies.

We are always committed to introducing and developing green manufacturing technology. Based
on “Made in China 2025”, we continue to push forward the “Product 4.0” project for strategic
deployment. As a manufacture of high-end industrial equipment, we have also incorporated the
concept of environmental protection in product design and have achieved fruitful results:

In terms of construction cranes, the ZTC-series is famous for its low fuel consumption, low emission
and low noise. The variable pump system enjoys high volumetric efficiency. When the luffing arm
is lowered, there is no pressure oil input to the hydraulic system. During the hoisting and lowering
operation, the system has low output pressure, resulting in a decrease of 20% in average fuel
consumption for the overall operation. In addition, the ZTC-series construction cranes are equipped
with a four-valve, low-speed and high-torque engine, plus an overdrive gearbox, which bring about
both operational and fuel efficiency and can reduce fuel consumption by 10% compared with
traditional engines.

In respect of truck mounted pumps, we are the first in the industry to roll out a truck mounted pump
that meets the “National VI Emission Standard”.

In terms of construction hoists, BWM-3 series energy-saving hoists utilise two drives and can
reduce total power by 21% compared with the widely used hoists with three drives. Single cage
consumes 7kW less power and double cages consumes 14kW less power. This series has a longer
product life and lower cost in terms of usage and maintenance.

For the aerial work platform (AWP), we have developed a lithium battery power system specific to
the AWP, whose unique fast charging technology and high-power charger can shorten charging
time by 50%; it also supports heating under lower temperature and can adapt to extremely cold
environment below minus 30 degree Celsius.

For agricultural machinery, Zoomlion has established a “1+N” standardised suspension furnace
drying centre and developed the HB-series cavings suspension furnaces. The latter uses renewable
resources (i.e. rice husk) as main fuel to avoid high energy consumption and high pollution usually
caused by traditional fuels such as coal. The suspension furnace can reasonably select heating
equipment with different heating power based on the size of the drying centre. It also utilises two
technologies at the same time, in. Therefore, it is more energy-saving and environmentally friendly,
and can save costs and improve profits for users.

Compliance Statement
During the year, no violation of any environmental regulations that have a significant impact on the
Company could be observed within the Company.




                                                                                                         39
40
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     4    Society
          4.1 Employment
               In 2018, the Company has transitioned from management and control to empowerment in terms of
               human resources management. We continued to optimise the allocation and incentive model, train
               and develop talent resources, and transform and upgrade the human resources management model
               to improve the satisfaction, cohesion, and core challenging capacity of the employees and support
               the win-win development of the Company and our employees.

               We actively participated in legal trainings provided by government authorities and gained an
               understanding of updated laws and regulations and cases in this respect to ensure compliance
               with related laws and regulations, including the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China (the
               “Labour Law”), the Employment Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, etc. Article 17 of
               the Labour Law mandates that the conclusion of and amendment to a labour contract shall be in
               compliance with the principles of equality, voluntary participation and mutual consent, and shall not
               violate the principles of laws and statutory regulations. Based on this requirement, we regulated the
               procedures and processes for signing, amending, cancelling and terminating employment contracts,
               with the employment contract signing rate reaching 100% during the reporting period. In addition,
               rules and regulations for employee attendance checking and welfare have been devised and revised
               in accordance with related rules and regulations. We also made timely and full contribution to
               society insurance and housing provident fund for our employees to achieve full social insurance
               coverage according to related laws. Apart from complying with the holiday policies released by the
               government, we also set up a diversified leave system, providing a variety of leave choices for our
               employees, including home leave for expatriates, Company Founding Day, birthday leave, etc. We
               also provided free benefits including free laundry, shuttle bus service, work lunch and well-equipped
               apartments to facilitate employees’ work and life. The Company cares about employees’ physical
               and mental health and has provided free health checks for all its employees, and occupational
               health examinations at a designated hospital with sufficient qualifications for those who are exposed
               to occupational hazards. Such examinations are provided before and during the employment,
               as well as at the time when such employment is ended, and health examinations during the
               employment are provided once a year, so as to support sustainable development and improve
               engagement of employees.

               In addition, we have formulated a series of employee management measures, such as the Rules on
               Recruitment Management, the Rules on Employee Benefits, the Measures for Employee Attendance
               and Leave Management, the Compensation Rules and the Rules on Employee Rewards and
               Punishments. We have effectively implemented those policies and measures to ensure equality and
               justice, motivate employees and maintain our market competitiveness.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
         Environmental, Social and Governance Report


The Company adheres to the principle of equal opportunity across all employment affairs, including
recruitment, training, career development, and employee promotion. During the reporting period,
the Company observed all relevant laws and regulations, including Article 12 and Article 13 of the
Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China, which respectively mandates that employees shall
not be discriminated against on the grounds of nationality, race, sex or religious belief, and that
women shall enjoy equal employment rights to men, etc.

Benefited from a solid development, the Group recruited nearly 5000 new employees during this
reporting period, serving as a good platform to promote social stability and job creation.

Provision of Multiple Incentives to Arouse Potential
Based on the principle of “activation”, “incentive” and “inspiration”, we have established a sustainable
and competitive incentive mechanism. We have fully implemented incentive measures targeted at
scientific research personnel, whose income are linked to product performance and whose product
research and development should be based on market and product conditions, and can be shared
with the society. We also transformed the time-based compensation system for technical workers
and have built a platform to foster “craftsmanship spirit”. In addition, we carried out compensation
reform for service staff so that they can focus on improving customer satisfaction; and reformed the
compensation system for management based on the prevailing market rate. On 7 November 2017,
the Company implemented the share incentive scheme and awarded 168,760,911 share options and
restricted shares to 1,192 current employees designated by the Company, including directors, senior
management and core technical personnel. In September 2018, the Company awarded 18,554,858
restricted shares and share options reserved in the share incentive scheme to 389 key staff. Through
the gradual implementation of the incentive mechanism, the Company and our employees can form a
community of interests and stand together through thick and thin.

Through compensation reforms, we have managed to inspire employee potential and enhance
organisational vitality. We also guided management to focus on improving organisational and
individual performance; steered technical personnel to improve research and development
capabilities and performance; and guided service personnel to improve skills to provide convenient
and efficient services for customers, so as to further strengthen the linkage between sales
and service.

Compliance Statement
During the year, no violation of any employment and labour regulations that have a significant impact
on the Company could be observed within the Company.




                                                                                                           41
42
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


          4.2 Health and Safety
               Allocate the Safe Production Responsibility to Individuals
               The Company carries out safety-related work in accordance with the guidelines that underline the
               importance of safety, prevention and comprehensive treatment, as well as a safety management
               mechanism that strives to improve safety management capabilities and push for standardised safety
               practices. The Company adheres to and enforces state laws and regulations on the protection of
               occupational health and safety and bears responsibilities and obligations for its employees. We
               perform comprehensive production safety performance reviews each year to improve production
               safety management at the basic and higher levels. This serves the purpose of reducing the number
               of accidents, effectively preventing and resolutely curbing large-scale production safety accidents
               and containing occupational hazards. We also strive to strengthen safety management at site
               operations, determine the responsibilities of in-charge persons at various levels and improve the
               safety management system. We have put in place effective control over activities, services and
               products associated with environmental factors and occupational health and safety risks that are
               either of great importance or determined as necessary to be controlled. This is to ensure that
               integrated management guidelines, objectives and indicators are observed for such activities,
               services and products. In order to facilitate this practice, the Company has formulated the Control
               Procedures for Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Practices.

               The Company adopts decentralised management, in which the headquarter is responsible for
               development of policy guidelines and indicators, process monitoring, resources allocation and
               annual review; and all business units are responsible for carrying out specific safety work. To
               fully fulfil corporate responsibility, the Group and all business units have set up safety production
               committees, respectively, to form a well-organised safety management network. The Company’s
               chairman serves as the director of the Company’s safety production committee, while general
               manager of each business unit acts as the director of respective safety production committee and is
               responsible for safety management work of respective business unit.

               As early as in 2014, all business units of the Company have been certified as Enterprises with
               Standardised Safety Production Procedures. Among them, two industrial parks have been awarded
               Level I Enterprises with Standardised Safety Production Procedures (“Level I”), eight parks have been
               awarded Level II Enterprises with Standardised Safety Production Procedures (“Level II”) and nine
               parks have been awarded Level III Enterprises with Standardised Safety Production Procedures (“Level
               III”). In 2018, the Company pushed forward further upgrade and standardisation of all industrial parks
               and required all business units to be upgraded to a higher level by stages. Currently, three parks have
               been actively preparing for upgrading from Level II to Level I, and two parks have finished preliminary
               self-assessment for upgrading from Level III to Level II and are waiting for review and acceptance.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
             Environmental, Social and Governance Report


    Through standardised management of safety production, the Company gradually converges with
    international (rather than national) advanced safety management system in terms of forecast and
    early warning management of safety production, detection and treatment of hidden hazard and
    accident statistical analysis. In 2018, the Company was awarded as an “Excellent Enterprise” in
    safety production by Hunan Province and named as an advanced unit in safety production in 2018
    by Gaoxin District, Changsha City.

    In order to motivate all production and operational units to improve safety management capabilities,
    we have formulated and implemented the Measures of Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and
    Technology Co., Ltd. for Safety Production Performance Reviews, which prescribe assessment
    and incentive policies for this purpose. Our efforts in this regard have given rise to more meticulous
    safety management systems, safety training, hidden hazard detection and treatment, and
    infrastructure management at our production and operational functions, have improved safety
    awareness and capabilities of our management personnel and have consolidated the foundation of
    our safety-related work.

    At the same time, the Company attaches great importance to occupational health management,
    conscientiously implements the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, and strives to
    improve the working environment of employees to reduce the risk of occupational hazards. We also
    strengthen daily supervision and inspection, establish a comprehensive prevention and management
    system for occupational diseases, and advocate the use of labour protection articles. In addition, we
    conduct testing and evaluation regarding occupational disease hazard factors, provide occupational
    health examination, monitoring and diagnosis, and ensure the aforesaid process and activities are
    fully implemented, so as to effectively avoid the risk of occupational hazards that would be faced by
    our employees.

    Compliance Statement
    During the year, no violation of any regulations related to occupational health and safety that have a
    significant impact on the Company could be observed within the Company.


4.3 Development & Training
    Systematic Cultivation to Support Individual Development
    During the reporting period, the Company continued to provide directors, supervisors, senior
    management personnel and employees with enhanced training and learning opportunities on,
    for instance, capital market-related laws and regulations, policies and guidelines, regulatory
    requirements and case studies to ensure that they complied with such rules and performed their
    duties accordingly. We formulated the Measures for Training Management, and set a high standard
    for employees’ code of conduct and competence. We provided new employees with induction
    training on code of conduct and ethics, as well as on corporate culture to help them become
    identified with positive values.




                                                                                                             43
44
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


               The Company hold various specialised training activities based on the nature and needs of different
               departments, positions and professions. We provided management personnel with training of
               various forms, such as team executive ability practices, sand-table simulation, reading workshops,
               lectures and professional ad hoc exercises that aimed to expand their knowledge and honed their
               skills through such experiential and interactive activities. For employees at the production frontline,
               the Company provided trainings on production management, quality management, manufacturing
               processes and safety management, as well as coaching on professional skill appraisal. We also held
               profession-specific skill competitions and involved established technicians to give instructions in
               person. These activities helped cultivate skilled technicians and competent production management
               personnel. With regard to employees at the marketing frontline, the Company launched on-site and
               online training programmes on marketing knowledge, product knowledge, marketing skills, internet
               marketing and other areas.

               The Company continued to carry out diversified corporation with colleges and universities to
               provide employment opportunities for graduates and to cultivate talents with practical skills.
               The Company has established Zoomlion College of Construction Engineering jointly with Hunan
               Industry Polytechnic to corporate on areas, such as discipline design and curriculum development
               of construction machinery manufacturing, training base construction and overseas training. The
               Company also offered electrical courses together with Hengyang Technician College, designated
               technicians and management experts to participate in the curriculum design and teaching, and
               jointly set up a research project team of experts to discuss and explore teaching forms and methods
               with vocational feature.

               At the same time, the Company further improved the qualification management system and kept
               smooth the career development channels for employees. We also promoted the cultivation of
               scientific talents, technical workers and professionals, and sought to comprehensively enhance
               employees’ competence and performance from multi-channels to support the Company’s
               sustainable development.


          4.4 Labor Standards
               Employment Freedom and Legal Recruitment
               The Company abides by international protocols on labour standards and the Law of the People’s
               Republic of China on the Protection of Minors, and bans the employment of child labourers (those
               aged below 16). The Company carries out stringent screening and verification of applicants’
               identity at the recruitment stage to avoid accidentally hiring child labour due to false information.
               The Company also performs daily inspections and audits to strengthen supervision in this respect.
               During the reporting period, the Company has no incidents of child labourer employment, nor does
               it have any discriminatory or harassment incidents in the aspect of recruitment.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report


        Although the Company encourages employee devotion and commitment, we resolutely prohibit
        forced labour. We provide adequate and reasonable break and leave for employees in line with
        relevant laws and regulations. We arrange for voluntary overtime work based on our production
        needs and workload. The Company fully respects employees’ freedom in choosing careers, and
        will by no means withhold employees’ valid certificates or require payment of deposits. During the
        reporting period, the Company strictly observes the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China
        and the Employment Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, and forced labour is absent in
        all of the Company’s factories.

        Compliance Statement
        During the year, no violation of any labour-standard-related regulations that have a significant impact
        on the Company could be observed within the Company.


5   Operating Practices
    5.1 Supply-chain Management
        ZHIST has always considered cooperation and win-win as the core ideas of supplier management
        and sought mutual development with our suppliers. Therefore, we have constructed a supplier
        management indicator system to deepen our cooperation with the suppliers. Faced with a
        complicated and challenging macro situation, the Company continued to focus on equipment
        manufacturing and resources allocation optimisation to strengthen competitiveness of the
        construction machinery and agricultural machinery business to realise solid and high-quality growth.
        ZHIST always attached importance to sharing opportunities and working together with suppliers to
        achieve sustainable development.

        The Company formulated the Measures for Supplier Access Scoring and Supplier Management
        to evaluate proposed new suppliers and determine whether they meet the selection criteria.
        The Company rates each qualified supplier based on the evaluation results and the grade of its
        products to implement grade-based management. We require suppliers to pass ISO/QS9000
        certification, TS16949 certification or other acceptable quality system certification, and consider
        historical records of suppliers’ compliance with environmental and labour laws and regulations as
        vital selection criterion. We also require that suppliers should have no violations of state laws and
        regulations in all material respects.

        This year, the Company focused on cost reduction and efficiency improvement, and adopted
        classified management for suppliers. The Company conducted performance evaluation on suppliers
        based on dimensions such as quality, cost, delivery, services and development, and optimised
        supplier classification based on the assessment results to realise dynamic control and management.
        The Company also formulated management measures for the allocation of procurement quotas.
        According to the measures, the Company calculates quotas allocated to each supplier and then
        assigns orders automatically based on the calculation results. This contributes to building an honest



                                                                                                                  45
46
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


               and transparent trading environment and reducing suppliers’ selling costs. We also assisted suppliers
               in scaling up and further reducing operation costs through business integration. In addition, we
               have signed strategic cooperation agreements with high-quality suppliers and clarified the rights and
               obligations of both parties to strengthen win-win cooperative relationship with suppliers.

               The Company has always been dedicated to the establishment of an efficient supply-chain
               management platform, and has witnessed persisting improvement in the management and
               construction of the supply-chain. In 2018, based on the supply-chain management system
               integrating the existing SAP system, the Company established a standardised bidding platform
               to clarify the procurement rules and bidding procedures, standards and methods. Through this
               measure, the Company realised close engagement with suppliers and substantially improved
               efficiency in tendering and procurement.

               In 2019, the Company will speed up the localisation of key components (especially key imported
               components) and coordinate strategic development goals of the Company and suppliers to shift the
               original supply-support transaction relationship to a long-term, strategic alliance with mutual benefits
               and win-win results.


          5.2 Product Responsibility
               Quality Serves as the Soul of Products
               Zoomlion attaches significant importance to quality, and has been awarded the Nomination of China
               Quality Award and Province Governor Quality Award. Chairman of Board of Director (or Chairman)
               Zhan Chunxin has also been awarded Chinese People of Outstanding Quality Award. Zoomlion
               always adheres to the quality management concept of “pursuit of excellent quality, and conformity
               of profession and conduct”, and strives to become an industry model in terms of quality, innovation
               and creation. Based on customer demands, the Company keeps improving product quality and
               management level. The Company also fully implements prevailing national, local and industry
               standards and sets a higher standard based on such benchmark in terms of product manufacturing.

               The Company has continued to develop a quality culture. In 2018, the Company carried out various
               measures to raise quality awareness of all employees, including providing trainings to promote
               excellent performance management and quality awareness, offering advanced quality research
               and study courses, holding quality-oriented activities, advocating and adopting a more stringent
               quality policy, and exposing quality issues. The Company also conducted quality assessment on
               technicians based on coefficient K, and performed comprehensive cost management in accordance
               with internal and external quality losses to further strengthen accountability of each department
               and individual.

               The Company has strengthen the integrated management system of operation and maintenance.
               We have always valued system building and has set up a comprehensive management system
               integrating quality, environment, occupational health and safety, measurement, and CCC (China
               Compulsory Certification) after years of integration and optimisation. In 2018, the Company
     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
         Environmental, Social and Governance Report


organised reviews, internal audits, and engaged external certification agencies to conduct third-party
reviews on the integrated management system to ensure compliance with laws and regulations,
system criterion and requirements of all parties in terms of quality, environment and occupational
health and safety.

The Company has further improved the quality management model. In 2018, the Company
continued to strengthen the matrix-based quality control and management model. The Company’s
quality department has adopted a macro- and micro-based management approach involving
guidance and assessment, acceptance and resolution. The Company also established integrated
and unified mechanisms regarding areas such as management of quality indexes and objectives,
closed-loop management of quality improvement, and quality inspection and assessment.
Such measures have facilitated the coordination of quality management on multiple areas and
the overall improvement of quality. For the business units, they were responsible for analysing
quality objectives, developing a detailed quality working plan and rolling out responsibility-based
assessment to monitor the whole process and preform quality management effectively and fully. In
addition, The Group’s quality department held a quality management meeting each month to check
the monthly progress of various quality-related key tasks. During 2018, we carried out 11 quality
management monthly meetings, 8 quality-specific workshops, 3 on-site inspection on paint quality,
4 quality assessments and scoring (season-based), and seminar-annual comprehensive quality
inspection on all business units. These measures have made quality management more quantitative
and meticulous, and more scientific and reasonable.

The Company has optimised the quality improvement mechanism. The Company adheres to the
customer-orientated principle and continues to improve quality. In 2018, the Company carried out
various quality special work, including quality assessment based on coefficient K and amendment
of product delivery standards, so as to identify and rectify issues within factories in a timely manner.
We also organised several activities across the company, like setting up quality control teams,
encouraging employees to actively participate in quality improvement and offering appropriate
awards for those who have put forward reasonable suggestions and constructive proposals.
This contributed to creating a good atmosphere where the whole staff participated in quality
improvement.

Optimised Services and Value Creation
In 2018, the Company fully optimised relevant platforms and systems, and implemented an
integrated matrix management model based on three dimensions (i.e. the Company, business units
and the parks). The Company fully implemented a market-oriented marketing system, and designed
organisational setting and project management structure that would be suitable for international
development, so as to optimise process, improve efficiency and maximise value for customers.




                                                                                                           47
48
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


               We have improved service networks and service management and enhanced customer satisfaction
               in 2018. Zoomlion always considers customer satisfaction as a key assessment target and adopts a
               customer- and market-orientated business policy. The Company has established a comprehensive
               marketing and service network, and conducted market and service field research to fully enhance
               customer satisfaction from multi-levels. In order to improve the timeliness of services and satisfy
               customers’ demand for different services to the maximum extent, ZHIST continued to expand the
               breadth and depth of our service network, and the offices have become increasingly well-equipped.
               Currently, the Company has nearly 3,000 full-time service engineers based at various service offices
               in China, which are equipped with a total of more than 1,500 dedicated service vehicles. In addition,
               the coverage of overseas regional market service offices have continued to expand. ZHIST has
               established nearly 150 service stations in overseas markets, covering over 50 countries and regions
               including the United States, the United Kingdom, Italy, Netherlands, India, South Korea, Australia,
               Brazil, and Russia.

               In order to better serve our customers, ZHIST continued to optimise our three major supporting
               platforms (i.e. CRM platform of each business division, CC omnimedia platform and the big data
               monitoring platform) to achieve real-time monitoring of service business. We optimised Zoomlion
               E-Manager to strengthen interaction with customers, and have achieved intelligent management of
               equipment and mobility of service business. We have put into operation a service desk to offer after-
               sales services in a timely and effective manner. Zoomlion’s online shopping mall operates steadily,
               which ensures a multi-channel contact between Zoomlion and customers, and greatly satisfies
               customers’ demand for speed and convenience.

               We have strengthened service skills training and hardware configuration to improve service level.
               ZHIST has long been committed to biding a “golden” service team. Most of our existing service
               engineers have college, bachelor degrees or above in mechanical and related majors, with proven
               skills and relevant qualifications. They have undergone systematic and professional trainings,
               passed strict exams and obtained relevant certificates. In addition, ZHIST provides each service
               engineer with common tool kits, and equips service vehicles, service offices and supporting centres
               with corresponding standard tools. To conduct comprehensive inspection and maintenance on
               customer equipment on a regular basis, the Company is equipped with dedicated service vehicles
               for emergency repair and inspection. These vehicles are equipped with advanced detection
               instruments, such as hydraulic system digital detector, quality detector for hydraulic oil and material
               flaw detector, which will speed up fault diagnosis and shorten the time for troubleshooting.

               We continued to upgrade our service brand to efficiently serve our customers. In 2018, the
               Company launched the initiative of providing free equipment inspection services for customers
               across China. We upgraded and adjusted the service system, and have developed systems based
               on customer satisfaction in areas such as evaluation and assessment, compensation management
               and rating, so that our service engineers can return to the nature of service and provide customers
               with full-process and all-round services full-heartedly at any time.


     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
             Environmental, Social and Governance Report


    Zoomlion has successively obtained the Five-star Certificate for After-sales Service accredited by the
    national standard of Evaluation System for After-sales Service of Commodity for many times. The
    company has also been awarded “National After-sales Service Meritorious Enterprise”, “China Top
    Ten After-sales Service Unit”, “National Special Contributor to After-sales Service”, “Demonstration
    Unit for Labour Security and Integrity”, “Advanced Unit for Consumer Rights Protection” and
    “Product Appreciated by Customers”, “Unit Appreciated by Customers”, and other honours.

    Compliance Statement
    During the year, no violation of any regulations related to product liability that have a significant
    impact on the Company could be observed within the Company.


5.3 Anti-corruption
    Corruption harms the interests of a company and affects its corporate image. Anti-corruption
    upholds the business ethics of an enterprise, constitutes the foundation for an enterprise’s long-
    term development and protects an enterprise’s core teams and employees. The Company
    advocates business integrity and fair competition, requiring employees to abide by local laws and
    regulations, as well as the Company’s rules and regulations. It has formulated the Eight Don’ts
    for Management Teams, Employee Code of Conduct, the Rules on Rewards and Punishments for
    Employees, the Supervision and Management Rules, the Reporting Management Measures and
    other anti-corruption rules. It strives to raise employee awareness of corruption and business bribery
    and honour a compliance culture in daily operations.

    Compliance Statement
    During the year, no violation of any anti-corruption-related regulations that have a significant impact
    on the Company could be observed within the Company.




                                                                                                              49
50
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     6    Community Investment
          We firmly believe that corporate value originates from society, and thus consider it important to invest
          in communities and support public causes. We will take social responsibility that is in line with our
          strategic planning and business scale, making public welfare an integral part of our development and
          ensuring respect for and a focus on people at every stage of our development as a way to fulfil our social
          responsibility.


          Carry out Precision Poverty Relief Actively
          The Company regards precise poverty relief as one of the important ways and channels to fulfil its
          social responsibilities and exploits advantages of the construction machinery industry based on local
          environment factors to ensure that our poverty relief measures are enforceable and effective.

          Zhutang Village is a relatively poor and mountainous village located in Guanling Town, Changning City of
          Hunan Province. In order to improve the village’s environment and achieve common prosperity, Zoomlion
          donated 6 excavators worth over RMB3 million to the local economic development cooperative to help
          develop local vegetable industry and build an agricultural brand. This initiative is in line with the strategic
          plan of rural vitalisation put forward by the Party Central Committee and the State Council to accelerate
          the pace of new rural construction.

          Zoomlion is also a staunch support of the 3-year precise poverty alleviation programme of Hunan
          Province. This year, the Company took targeted property alleviation measures through financial
          contribution to Dongcangpu Village located in Cuijiaqiao Town, Hanshou County, Changde City. Zoomlion
          provided local poor villagers with technical trainings to broaden their channels of employment and helped
          construct rural highways and other infrastructure that directly benefited more than 1000 villagers.

          In addition, Zoomlion provided support and assistance for many charities, such as Shangshan Disability
          Service Centre, Exceptional Children Sunshine Service Centre in Changsha City, Hunan Province, as well
          as Welfare Home for Children in Huhu City, Anhui Province, where Zoomlion donated computers, books
          and other daily necessities to the disabled and left-behind children of poor families. The Company also
          carried out education aid programmes in Hunan Province to provide financial aids or stationery, school
          uniforms, books and other materials for secondary schools, such as the High School Attached to Hunan
          Normal University, Puyuan Experimental Middle School in Dingcheng District, Changde City, and Hongqi
          Middle School in Qingshanqiao Town, Xiangtan County.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
              Environmental, Social and Governance Report


As a sponsor of the “Love-Changes-Destiny” charity events organised by the Hunan Charity Federation,
Zoomlion has made donations to the programme for 16 consecutive years to help alleviate poverty
through education. The Company donated RMB2 million in 2018 and has made a total contribution of
more than 24 million over the past 16 years, making us the largest contributor in the programme. We also
supported more students than any other donors. The programme has helped over 45,000 underprivileged
freshmen gain access to higher education.


The Volunteer Association Always Committed to the Society
Founded in May 2008, the ZHIST Youth Volunteer Association (“the Association”) has mobilised more
than 2,000 employees and their families, as well as the public over the past decade to participate
in public welfare activities in areas such as poverty relief, offering help to the disabled and students,
environmental protection, emergency rescue and cultural publicity. The Association cares for and
provides assistance for left-behind children, lonely elderly people, disabled people, poor families and
vulnerable groups. It has won universal praise from all walks of life through unremitting efforts.

During the reporting period, the Association carried out many public welfare activities, which have greatly
enriched our employees’ amateur cultural life and fully demonstrated the values and responsibilities of
modern youth. These included donating books to Mawang Primary School in Baojing County, Xiangxi
Autonomous Prefecture, as well as Hongqi Middle School in Qingshanqiao Town, Xiangtan County to
provide support and assistance for left-behind children; paying visits to and providing daily necessities
for Shangshan Disability Service Centre and Exceptional Children Sunshine Service Centre in Changsha
City. Many of our customers and suppliers have been inspired to join the Association to provide voluntary
services, which has made the Association not only a great and well-accepted stage for everyone
to participate in social practice and become useful for the society, but also an important carrier for
implementing socialist core values.




                                                                                                              51
52
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     7    Reference Table for ESG General Disclosures
                                                                                                                        Relevant
           ESG
                     KPIs             Descriptions                                                        Remarks        Report
           aspects
                                                                                                                         Section


                     Environmental
           A1        Emissions        General Disclosure                                                                     3.1
                                      Information on:
                                      (a)   the policies; and
                                      (b)   compliance with relevant laws and
                                            regulations    that   have   a   significant
                                            impact on the issuer relating to air and
                                            greenhouse gas emissions, discharges
                                            into water and land, and generation of
                                            hazardous and non-hazardous waste.
                                      Note: Air emissions include NOx, SOx, and
                                      other pollutants regulated under national laws
                                      and regulations.
                                      Greenhouse gases include carbon dioxide,
                                      methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons,
                                      perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride.
                                      Hazardous wastes are those defined by
                                      national regulations.


                     A1.1             The types of emissions and respective                                                  3.1
                                      emissions data.


                     A1.2             Greenhouse gas emissions in total (in tonnes)                                          3.1
                                      and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per
                                      unit of production volume, per facility).


                     A1.3             Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes)                   The Company is            3.1
                                      and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per            devising a plan for the
                                      unit of production volume, per facility).                 collection of related
                                                                                             data and therefore the
                                                                                           related disclosure will be
                                                                                           considered in the future.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
             Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                                                                                                                 Relevant
ESG
          KPIs             Descriptions                                                            Remarks        Report
aspects
                                                                                                                  Section


          A1.4             Total   non-hazardous     waste     produced      (in              The materiality         3.1
                           tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity                assessment of this year
                           (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).       indicated that relatively
                                                                                   speaking, non-hazardous
                                                                                      waste is not the most
                                                                                    important environmental
                                                                                       issue. Therefore, the
                                                                                   related disclosure will be
                                                                                   considered in the future.


          A1.5             Description of measures to mitigate emissions                                              3.1
                           and results achieved.


          A1.6             Description     of     how     hazardous         and                                       3.1
                           non-hazardous wastes are handled, reduction
                           initiatives and results achieved.


A2        Use of Resources General Disclosure                                                                         3.2
                           Policies on the efficient use of resources,
                           including    energy,   water    and      other   raw
                           materials.
                           Note: Resources may be used in production,
                           in   storage,   transportation,     in    buildings,
                           electronic equipment, etc.


          A2.1             Direct and/or indirect energy consumption                                                  3.2
                           by type (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total
                           (kWh in ’000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of
                           production volume, per facility).


          A2.2             Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g.                                             3.2
                           per unit of production volume, per facility).


          A2.3             Description of energy use efficiency initiatives                                           3.2
                           and results achieved.




                                                                                                                            53
54
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                                                                                                                              Relevant
           ESG
                     KPIs             Descriptions                                                              Remarks        Report
           aspects
                                                                                                                               Section


                     A2.4             Description of whether there is any issue in                                                 3.2
                                      sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water
                                      efficiency initiatives and results achieved.


                     A2.5             Total packaging material used for finished                           The materiality         3.2
                                      products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with               assessment of this year
                                      reference to per unit produced.                             indicated that relatively
                                                                                                     speaking, packaging
                                                                                                  material is not the most
                                                                                                 important environmental
                                                                                                     issue. Therefore, the
                                                                                                 related disclosure will be
                                                                                                 considered in the future.


           A3        Environment      General Disclosure                                                                           3.2
                       and Natural    Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant
                       Resources      impact on the environment and natural
                                      resources.


                     A3.1             Description of the significant impacts of                                                    3.2
                                      activities on the environment and natural
                                      resources and the actions taken to manage
                                      them.


                     Society
           B1        Employment       General Disclosure                                                                           4.1
                                      Information on:
                                      (a)     the policies; and
                                      (b)     compliance with relevant laws and
                                              regulations    that   have     a    significant
                                              impact    on    the   issuer       relating   to
                                              compensation          and          dismissal,
                                              recruitment and promotion, working
                                              hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
                                              diversity, anti-discrimination, and other
                                              benefits and welfare.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
             Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                                                                                                Relevant
ESG
          KPIs             Descriptions                                               Remarks    Report
aspects
                                                                                                 Section




B2        Health and       General Disclosure                                                        4.1
            Safety         Information on:
                           (a)   the policies; and
                           (b)   compliance with relevant laws and
                                 regulations      that   have     a    significant
                                 impact      on    the   issuer       relating   to
                                 providing a safe working environment
                                 and      protecting      employees          from
                                 occupational hazards.


B3        Development      General Disclosure                                                        4.1
            and Training   Policies on improving employees’ knowledge
                           and skills for discharging duties at work.
                           Description of training activities.
                           Note: Training refers to vocational training.
                           It may include internal and external courses
                           paid by the employer.


B4        Labour Standards General Disclosure                                                        4.1
                           Information on:
                           (a)   the policies; and
                           (b)   compliance with relevant laws and
                                 regulations      that   have     a    significant
                                 impact      on    the   issuer       relating   to
                                 preventing child and forced labour.


          Operating practices
B5        Supply Chain     General Disclosure                                                        5.1
          Management       Policies on managing environmental and
                           social risks of the supply chain




                                                                                                           55
56
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                                                                                                       Relevant
           ESG
                     KPIs               Descriptions                                         Remarks    Report
           aspects
                                                                                                        Section


           B6        Product            General Disclosure                                                  5.2
                       Responsibility   Information on:
                                        (a)   the policies; and
                                        (b)   compliance with relevant laws and
                                              regulations    that   have   a   significant
                                              impact on the issuer relating to health
                                              and safety, advertising, labelling and
                                              privacy matters relating to products
                                              and services provided and methods of
                                              redress.


           B7        Anti-corruption    General Disclosure                                                  5.3
                                        Information on:
                                        (a)   the policies; and
                                        (b)   compliance with relevant laws and
                                              regulations    that   have   a   significant
                                              impact on the issuer relating to bribery,
                                              extortion, fraud and money laundering.


                     Community
           B8        Community          General Disclosure                                                  5.4
                       Investment       Policies   on     community   engagement       to
                                        understand the needs of the communities
                                        where the issuer operates and to ensure
                                        its activities take into consideration the
                                        communities’ interests.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                             Significant Events

Material Connected Transactions of the Company during the Year
(I)    The Company had no material related party transactions according to the relevant domestic
       regulations.


(II)   Under the Listing Rules of Hong Kong, the continuing connected transactions of the Company
       during 2018 were as follows:
       Framework sales agreement with Dongfeng Motor Corporation
       Dongfeng Motor Corporation holds 11.14% of the equity interest in Hunan Zoomlion Axle Co., Ltd., a
       subsidiary of the Company, and is therefore a substantial shareholder of Hunan Zoomlion Axle Co., Ltd.
       and a connected person of the Company. Dongfeng Motor Corporation was established in 1969 and
       is currently one of the top three automakers in China. Its main businesses include production and sale
       of passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, engine, auto parts and components, and equipment in the
       PRC. To regulate the sales and purchase arrangement between the Company and Dongfeng Group after
       the Listing, the Company has entered into a framework sales agreement (the “Dongfeng Framework Sales
       Agreement”) dated 13 August 2013 with Dongfeng Motor Corporation and such agreement was expired
       on 31 December 2015. The Company entered into the Dongfeng Sales Renewal Agreement dated 30
       March 2016 to renew the terms and conditions set out in the Dongfeng Framework Sales Agreement.
       Such agreement has taken effect from 1 January 2016 and has a term of three years. Pursuant to the
       Dongfeng Framework Sales Agreement, Dongfeng Group will purchase axles and other auto components
       produced by the Company from time to time. In 2018, total sales of the Company to Dongfeng Group
       amounted to approximately RMB438 million (excluding value-added tax).

       Dongfeng Purchase Renewal Agreement with Dongfeng Motor Corporation
       The Company entered into a framework purchase agreement (the “Dongfeng Framework Purchase
       Agreement”) dated 13 August 2013 with Dongfeng Motor and such agreement was expired on 31
       December 2015. On 30 March 2016, the Company entered into the Dongfeng Purchase Renewal
       Agreement to renew the terms and conditions set out in the Dongfeng Framework Purchase Agreement.
       The Dongfeng Purchase Renewal Agreement has taken effect from 1 January 2016 and has a term of
       three years. Pursuant to the Dongfeng Purchase Renewal Agreement, the Company will purchase steel
       springs, chassis, engines and other auto components from the Dongfeng Group from time to time.
       In 2018, the total purchases from the Dongfeng Group amounted to approximately RMB62.81 million
       (excluding VAT).




                                                                                                                57
58
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Significant Events


          The Independent Non-executive Directors unanimously confirmed that the continuing connected
          transactions of the Company for the year 2018 were:

          (1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;

          (2)   entered into on normal commercial terms or, if there are not sufficient comparable transactions to
                judge whether they are on normal commercial terms, on terms no less favorable to the Company
                than terms available to or from (as appropriate) independent third parties;

          (3)   conducted according to the terms of the relevant agreements governing the transactions, and the
                terms of the transactions were fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the
                Company as a whole; and

          (4)   each of the annual value for the continuing connected transactions did not exceed the annual caps
                approved by the Board dated 30 March 2016.

          The international auditor of the Company has reviewed those continuing connected transactions and
          confirmed with the Board of the Company that:

          (1)   those continuing connected transactions were approved by the Board;

          (2)   those continuing connected transactions were conducted according to the pricing policy of the
                Company;

          (3)   those continuing connected transactions were conducted according to the terms of relevant
                agreements governing the transactions;

          (4)   the value of those continuing connected transactions did not exceed the respective annual caps
                approved by the Board dated 30 March 2016.

          The Directors confirm that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance
          with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules of Hong Kong.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
      Changes in Share Capital and Shareholders

I.     Changes in Share Capital (as at 31 December 2018)
       1.        Changes in share capital
                                                                                                                                         Unit: share
                                                     Before this change            Increase/Decrease in this change          After this change

                                                    Number         Percentage              Other           Sub-total        Number          Percentage


 I.   Shares subject to sales restriction       180,043,928               2.31%       -47,621,621        -47,621,621    132,422,307               1.70%
             Shares held by
               domestic natural persons          180,043,928               2.31%      -47,621,621        -47,621,621     132,422,307              1.70%
 II. Shares not subject to sales restriction   7,614,004,147              97.69%       62,110,179         62,110,179   7,676,114,326             98.30%
      Ordinary shares denominated
 	  in RMB                                     6,225,797,061              79.88%      62,110,179          62,110,179   6,287,907,240             80.52%
      Overseas listed foreign
 	  invested shares                            1,388,207,086           17.81%                  0                   0   1,388,207,086              17.78%
 III. Total number of shares                   7,794,048,075          100.00%         14,488,558          14,488,558   7,808,536,633             100.00%



                 Reasons for changes in shares
                 As a result of the implementation of its equity incentive scheme, the total number of shares of the
                 Company became 7,808,536,633, with some restricted shares granted and newly added and some
                 restricted shares deregistered.




                                                                                                                                                           59
60
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Changes in Share Capital and Shareholders


     II. Shareholders
            1.      Shareholdings of the shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                           Unit: share
                                             Shareholdings of shareholders holding more than 5% of shares or the top ten shareholders
                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                     shares held     Changes
                                                                      Percentage at the end of during the Number of              Number of Condition of pledge of lock-up
                                                                        of shares the reporting Reporting restricted           unrestricted Condition of
      Name of shareholder                     Nature of interest             held          period      period        shares          shares      shares        Number


      HKSCC NOMINEES LIMITED                 Overseas legal person        17.74%    1,385,568,439    -162,304                1,385,568,439
      State-owned Assets Supervision and     State-owned legal person     16.05%    1,253,314,876                            1,253,314,876
        Administration Commission of Hunan
        Province People’s Government
      Changsha Hesheng Science and           Domestic non state-owned      4.95%     386,517,443                              386,517,443        Pledged    350,000,000
        Technology Investment Co., Ltd.        legal person
      China Securities Finance               State-owned legal person      2.98%     233,042,928    2,633,977                 233,042,928
        Corporation Limited
      Real Smart International Limited       Overseas legal person         2.16%     168,635,602                              168,635,602        Pledged    168,635,602
      Changsha Yifang Science and            Domestic non state-owned      2.01%     156,864,942                              156,864,942
        Technology Investment Co., Ltd.        legal person
      AVIC Trust Co., Ltd. — AVIC            Other                         1.78%     138,819,479                              138,819,479
        Trust Tianshun [2018] No. 220
        Zoomlion Single Capital Trust
      Central Huijin Asset Management Ltd.   State-owned legal person      1.48%     115,849,400                              115,849,400
      Hong Kong Securities Clearing          Overseas legal person         1.19%      93,062,217                               93,062,217
        Company Limited
      Hony Capital Fund I (Tianjin), L.P.    Domestic non state-owned      0.83%      64,600,000                               64,600,000
                                               legal person



                    The Company has complied with the minimum public float requirement under Rule 8.08 of the
                    Listing Rules of Hong Kong.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                             Changes in Share Capital and Shareholders


2.      Substantial shareholders’ interests in the shares and underlying shares of the Company
        As at 31 December 2018, the following persons (other than the Directors, the supervisors and the
        chief executive of the Company) had an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares
        of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions
        2 and 3 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), or as recorded in the register
        required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                   Percentage of     Percentage of
                                                                                                                  class of shares      total shares
                                                                                                   Number of               issued            issued
 Name                                              Nature of interest       Class of shares           shares                   (%)               (%)


 State-owned Assets Supervision and                Beneficial owner         A shares          1,253,314,876 (L)             19.52             16.05
   Administration Commission of Hunan Provincial
   People’s Government
 Changsha Hesheng Science and Technology           Beneficial owner         A shares           386,517,443 (L)               6.02              4.95
   Investment Co., Ltd.
 JP Morgan Chase & Co.                             Beneficial owner         H shares            68,748,678 (L)               4.95              0.88
                                                   Investment manager                           11,037,600 (S)               0.80              0.14
                                                   Approved lending agent                        3,567,145 (P)               0.26              0.05



        (1)     L represents long position
                S represents short position
                P represents lending pool


        (2)     Changsha Hesheng Science and Technology Investment Co., Ltd. is an investment entity controlled and owned by the Group’s
                management.


        (3)     The disclosure is based on the information available on the website of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (www.
                hkexnews.com.hk). As stated in the form of disclosure of shareholder’s interests submitted by JPMorgan Chase & Co., on
                28 December 2017, these shares were being held via its affiliates. As further stated in the form of disclosure of shareholder’s
                interests submitted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. on 25 January 2018, it has since ceased to have a notifiable interest in the shares
                of the Company.


        Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2018, no other persons (other than the Directors, the supervisors
        and the chief executive of the Company) had an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of
        the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
        XV of the SFO, or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of
        SFO.




                                                                                                                                                       61
62
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Changes in Share Capital and Shareholders


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Shares by the Company and its Subsidiaries
     During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company repurchased a total of 4,066,300 ordinary shares at an aggregate
     consideration of RMB8,498,567off market as follows:


                                                                                                                         Purchase price   Aggregate price
                                                                                                 Number of shares             per share              paid
       Month/year                                                                                    repurchased                  (RMB)            (RMB)


       September 2018                                                                            2,024,500 A shares(1)            2.09          4,231,205
       November 2018                                                                             2,041,800 A shares(2)            2.09          4,267,362


                                                                                                 4,066,300 A shares                             8,498,567



     (1)    On 30 August 2018, the Board resolved to repurchase and cancel 2,024,500 restricted A shares granted to but not yet unlocked by 24
            participants of the Company’s restricted A share incentive scheme who had ceased employment with the Group, as they no longer qualified as
            participants within the meaning of the scheme.
     (2)    On 6 November 2018, the Board resolved to repurchase and cancel 2,041,800 restricted A shares granted to but not yet unlocked by 7
            participants of the Company’s restricted A share incentive scheme who had ceased employment with the Group, as they no longer qualified as
            participants within the meaning of the scheme.


     All the repurchased shares were cancelled as of 29 November 2018. Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor
     any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities during the year ended 31
     December 2018.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                              Directors, Supervisors,
                  Senior Management and Employees

I.       Changes in Shareholdings of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
                                                                                                                         Number        Number
                                                                                                        Number of      of Shares     of Shares               Number of
                                                                                                    Shares held at    Increased     Decreased               Shares held
                                                                   Date of        Date of            the beginning         during        during      Other at the end of
                                         Employment                commencement   termination of      of the period   the period    the period    changes     the period
 Name             Post                   Status       Gender Age   of tenure      tenure                    (share)       (share)       (share)    (share)       (share)


 Zhan Chunxin     Chairman and Chief     incumbent    M      63    2 April 2001   28 January 2022        8,040,556             0             0          0      8,040,556
                     Executive Office
 Hu Xinbao        Director               resigned     M      50    29 June 2015   29 January 2019                0             0             0          0             0
 Zhao John Huan   Director               incumbent    M      56    29 June 2015   28 January 2022                0             0             0          0             0
 Lai Kin Keung    Independent Director   incumbent    M      68    29 June 2015   28 January 2022                0             0             0          0             0
 Zhao Songzheng   Independent Director   incumbent    M      57    29 June 2015   28 January 2022                0             0             0          0             0
 Liu Guiliang     Independent Director   incumbent    F      55    29 June 2015   28 January 2022                0             0             0          0             0
 Yang Changbo     Independent Director   incumbent    M      64    29 June 2016   28 January 2022                0             0             0          0             0
 Fu Zheng         Chairman of            resigned     F      50    29 June 2015   29 January 2019                0             0             0          0             0
                     Supervisory Board
 Liu Chi          Employee Supervisor    resigned     M      61    29 June 2015   29 January 2019          379,211             0             0          0        379,211
 Yin Zhengfu      Vice President         resigned     M      62    29 June 2015   29 January 2019        1,872,329             0             0          0      1,872,329
 Xiong Yanming    Vice President         incumbent    M      54    29 June 2015   28 January 2022        3,103,963             0             0          0      3,103,963
 Su Yongzhuan     Vice President         resigned     M      46    29 June 2015   29 January 2019        3,219,950             0             0          0      3,219,950
 Fang Minghua     Vice President         resigned     M      61    29 June 2015   29 January 2019        1,995,483             0             0          0      1,995,483
 He Jianming      Supervisor             incumbent    M      55    29 June 2015   28 January 2022        2,086,341             0             0          0      2,086,341
 Wang Jinfu       Vice President         resigned     M      62    29 June 2015   29 January 2019        2,274,710             0             0          0      2,274,710
 Sun Changjun     Vice President         incumbent    M      56    29 June 2015   28 January 2022        2,776,040             0             0          0      2,776,040
 Huang Qun        Vice President         resigned     F      52    29 June 2015   29 January 2019        2,806,229             0             0          0      2,806,229
 Guo Xuehong      Vice President         incumbent    M      56    29 June 2015   28 January 2022        2,940,147             0             0          0      2,940,147
 Li Jiangtao      Vice President         resigned     M      55    29 June 2015   29 January 2019        2,244,217             0             0          0      2,244,217
 Liu Jie          Vice President         resigned     F      50    29 June 2015   29 January 2019        2,310,816             0             0          0      2,310,816
 Du Yigang        Vice President         incumbent    F      43    29 June 2015   28 January 2022        2,310,816             0             0          0      2,310,816
 Fu Ling          Vice President         incumbent    F      51    29 June 2015   28 January 2022        2,180,284             0             0          0      2,180,284
 Shen Ke          Investment Director    incumbent    M      47    29 June 2015   28 January 2022        4,349,203             0             0          0      4,349,203


 Total            —                      —            —      —     —              —                     44,890,295             0             0          0     44,890,295




                                                                                                                                                                           63
64
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


     II. Changes in Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
      Name                    Post                  Type                  Date              Reason


      Hu Xinbao               Director              Departure upon        29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                                     expiration of term                      of directors
      Fu Zheng                Chairman of           Departure upon        29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                Supervisory Board    expiration of term                      of supervisors
      Liu Chi                 Employee Supervisor   Departure upon        29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                                     expiration of term                      of supervisors
      Yin Zhengfu             Vice President        Departure upon        29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                                     expiration of term                      of directors
      Su Yongzhuan            Vice President        Departure upon        29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                                     expiration of term                      of directors
      Fang Minghua            Vice President        Departure upon        29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                                     expiration of term                      of directors
      Wang Jinfu              Vice President        Departure upon        29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                                     expiration of term                      of directors
      Huang Qun               Vice President        Departure upon        29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                                     expiration of term                      of directors
      Li Jiangtao             Vice President        Departure upon        29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                                     expiration of term                      of directors
      Liu Jie                 Vice President        Departure upon        29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                                     expiration of term                      of directors
      He Liu                  Director              Appointment and       29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                                     removal                                 of directors
      Wang Minghua            Chairman of           Appointment and       29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                Supervisory Board    removal                                 of supervisors
      He Jianming             Supervisor            Appointment and       29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                                     removal                                 of supervisors
      Liu Xiaoping            Employee Supervisor   Appointment and       29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                                     removal                                 of supervisors
      Sun Changjun            Vice President        Appointment and       29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                                     removal                                 of directors, post
                                                                                             change
      Fu Ling                 Vice President        Appointment and       29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                                     removal                                 of directors, post
                                                                                             change




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
    Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


Name             Post                  Type              Date              Reason


Huang Jianbing   Assistant President   Appointment and   29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the
                                        removal                             board of directors,
                                                                            appointed as a
                                                                            senior management
                                                                            member
Qin Xiuhong      Assistant President   Appointment and   29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the
                                        removal                             board of directors,
                                                                            appointed as a
                                                                            senior management
                                                                            member
Wang Yongxiang   Assistant President   Appointment and   29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the
                                        removal                             board of directors,
                                                                            appointed as a
                                                                            senior management
                                                                            member
Luo Kai          Assistant President   Appointment and   29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the
                                        removal                             board of directors,
                                                                            appointed as a
                                                                            senior management
                                                                            member
Tian Bing        Assistant President   Appointment and   29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the
                                        removal                             board of directors,
                                                                            appointed as a
                                                                            senior management
                                                                            member
Tang Shaofang    Assistant President   Appointment and   29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the
                                        removal                             board of directors,
                                                                            appointed as a
                                                                            senior management
                                                                            member
Shen Ke          Investment Director   Appointment and   29 January 2019   Reshuffle of the board
                                        removal                             of directors, post
                                                                            change
Yang Duzhi       Board Secretary       Appointment and   29 March 2019     Reshuffle of the
                                        removal                             board of directors,
                                                                            appointed as a
                                                                            senior management
                                                                            member




                                                                                                    65
66
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


     III. Biography of directors, supervisors and senior management
          Mr. Zhan Chunxin (詹純新), male, born in 1955, is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of our
          Company. Mr. Zhan has been appointed as a director of our Company since the establishment of our
          Company in 1999, and as the Chairman since 2001. Currently, Mr. Zhan also serves as the chairman of
          various subsidiaries of our Company, including Zoomlion Finance Co., Ltd. and Hunan Zhicheng Finance
          Guarantee Co., Ltd., and as a director of various subsidiaries of our Company, including Zoomlion
          H.K. Holding Co., Ltd., Zoomlion International Trading (H.K.) Co., Limited and Zoomlion Capital (H.K.)
          Co., Limited. Mr. Zhan became an expert entitled to special government subsidy granted by the State
          Council since January 1994, a senior engineer recognised by the Ministry of Construction in 1995 and a
          researcher-level senior engineer specialized in management and engineering recognised by the Ministry
          of Construction in September 1997. Mr. Zhan has previously served various senior positions in the
          Construction Machinery Research Institute of Changsha (the “Research Institute”), including the deputy
          head of Research Institute from February 1992 to July 1996 and head of Research Institute from July
          1996 to December 2008. Mr. Zhan has been serving various public functions. He was appointed as a
          representative at the 16th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in 2002, the 10th National
          People’s Congress in 2003, the 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in 2007 and
          the 10th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in Hunan Province in 2011, a member
          of the 10th session of CPC Hunan Provincial Committee in 2011, a representative at the 12th National
          People’s Congress in 2013 and the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in 2017 and
          a member of the 13th CPPCC National Committee in 2018. Currently, Mr. Zhan also serves as the deputy
          chairman of China Entrepreneurs Association, China Enterprise Confederation and China Association
          for Public Companies. Mr. Zhan has received various titles and awards, including the Yuan Baohua
          Enterprises Management Gold Award awarded in May 2010 which is the most distinguished award for
          corporate executives in China, the 2010 Leonardo Award in Italy awarded in January 2011, the 2011
          CCTV Chinese Economic Annual Figure awarded in December 2011 and the China Outstanding Quality
          Model awarded in January 2013. Mr. Zhan graduated from Northwestern Polytechnical University in 1978
          and obtained a master’s degree in aeronautical engineering from Northwestern Polytechnical University
          in 2000 and a doctorate degree in system engineering from Northwestern Polytechnical University in
          December 2005.

          Mr. He Liu (賀柳), male, born in 1970, is a non-executive director of our Company. Mr. He has served
          as a member of the party committee and the deputy general manager of Hunan Xing Xiang Investment
          Holding Group Co., Ltd. since June 2010. Mr. He served as the head of audit and legal department of
          Hunan Nonferrous Metals Corporation Limited from July 2005 to September 2005, a supervisor and the
          head of human resources department of Hunan Nonferrous Metals Corporation Limited from September
          2005 to August 2006 and a member of the party committee and the deputy general manager of Hunan
          Xing Xiang State-owned Assets Operation Co., Ltd. from August 2006 to June 2010. Mr. He obtained a
          bachelor’s degree in economics from the College of Finance and Statistics of Hunan University (formerly
          known as Hunan University of Finance and Economics) and a master’s degree in business administration
          from Changsha University of Science and Technology.



     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


Mr. Zhao John Huan (趙令歡), male, born in 1963, is a non-executive director of our Company.
Mr. Zhao currently serves as the chairman and president of Hony Capital, an executive director and
executive vice president of Legend Holdings Corporation, a non-executive director of Lenovo Group Ltd.,
a non-executive director of China Glass Holdings Limited, the chairman of the board of directors and
chief executive officer of Best Food Holding Company Limited, the chairman of the board of directors
of Hospital Corporation of China Limited, the vice chairman of Shanghai Environment Group Co., Ltd.,
a non-executive director of Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels Development Co., Ltd. (a company
listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange), a director of ENN Ecological Holdings Co., Ltd. and a director
of Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels Development Co., Ltd.. Mr. Zhao obtained a bachelor’s
degree in physics from Nanjing University, dual master’s degrees in electronic engineering and physics
from Northern Illinois University, USA and a master’s degree in business administration from the Kellogg
School of Management at Northwestern University.

Mr. Lai Kin Keung (黎建強), male, born in 1950, is an independent director of our Company. Mr. Lai
is currently the president of Asia Association on Risk and Crises Management and a chair professor of
management science at City University of Hong Kong. Mr. Lai is also an independent non-executive
director of Hanbo Enterprises Holdings Ltd., a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Mr. Lai is the founding chairman of the Operational Research Society of Hong Kong, the certified senior
enterprise risk manager of Asia Association of Risk and Crisis Management, a member of the Hong Kong
Professionals and Senior Executives Association, a fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Directors and a
fellow of the Asia Pacific Industrial Engineering and Management Society. Mr. Lai was the dean of the
College of Business Administration at Hunan University from February 2005 to February 2008 and a
member of the 10th Hunan Provincial Committee of Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference
in 2008, and appointed as the Chang Jiang Scholar Chair Professor by the Ministry of Education in 2009.
Mr. Lai received the 2009 Joon S. Moon Distinguished International Alumni Award and 2014 Civil and
Environmental Engineering (CEE) Distinguished Alumni Award from Michigan State University, USA in
February 2009 and January 2014, respectively. Mr. Lai obtained a doctor of philosophy degree in civil
engineering from Michigan State University, USA in September 1997.

Mr. Zhao Songzheng (趙嵩正), male, born in 1961, is an independent director of our Company. Mr. Zhao
is currently a professor of the Management College at Northwestern Polytechnical University and has
been a doctor of philosophy tutor since 1999. During his teaching career, Mr. Zhao chaired various
scientific research and development projects at state and provincial levels, received two Provincial Science
and Technology Advancement Awards (Grade III), Educational Awards of Shaanxi Provinces (Grade I)
and (Grade II) respectively, a Science and Technology Advancement Award of Xi’an City (Grade I), a
Management Award of Shaanxi Province (Grade I) and Science and Technology Advancement Awards in
Education of Shaanxi Province (Grade I) and (Grade III) respectively, obtained six copyrights for national
software products and published over 100 academic papers. Mr. Zhao currently serves as an independent
director of Xi’an Tianhe Defense Technology Co., Ltd. and Aecc Aero Engine Control Co., Ltd..




                                                                                                               67
68
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


          Mr. Yang Changbo (楊昌伯), male, born in 1954, is an independent director of our Company. Mr. Yang
          has served as the vice chairman of Corporate and Institutional Banking of Greater China and North Asia
          of Standard Chartered Bank since September 2017. Mr. Yang served as a senior officer of the World
          Bank from August 1986 to August 1998. He then joined China International Capital Corporation Limited
          as a managing director of the investment banking department. Mr. Yang joined Goldman Sachs Gao
          Hua as a managing director in October 2006 and became a Goldman Sachs partner in 2010. He retired
          in 2014 and served as an advisory director of Goldman Sachs from January 2014 to January 2016.
          Mr. Yang received a doctorate degree in economics from the University of Texas at Austin in 1986.

          Ms. Liu Guiliang (劉桂良), female, born in 1963, is an independent director of our Company. Ms. Liu is
          a master’s tutor, certified accountant and certified asset appraiser. Ms. Liu has been a professor of the
          School of Business Administration at Hunan University since June 2007. Ms. Liu obtained a bachelor’s
          degree in industrial financial accounting from the industrial economy department of Hunan College of
          Finance and Economics in July 1983. She then taught in Hunan College of Finance and Economics after
          graduation. She was the deputy secretary of communist youth league committee of Hunan College of
          Finance and Economics from July 1983 to June 1987 and a deputy professor of accounting department
          at Hunan College of Finance and Economics (which was merged with Hunan University in April 2000)
          from July 1987 to May 2007. She served as the director and deputy head of Hunan Yingte CPA Co., Ltd.
          (湖南英特會計師事務所) from May 1995 to December 1998 and the financial director of Hunan Xiangcai
          Industrial Corporation (湖南湘財實業總公司) from September 2000 to September 2002. Currently, Ms. Liu
          also serves as an independent director of Sotech Machinery Co., Ltd., Xiandai Investment Co., Ltd. and
          Hunan Tyen Machinery Co., Ltd..

          Mr. Wang Minghua (王明華), male, born in March 1964, is the chairman of the supervisory board of
          the Company and a member of the communist party. He obtained a bachelor’s degree and is a senior
          accountant. Since August 2006, Mr. Wang has served as a member of the party committee, deputy
          general manager and chief accountant of Hunan Xing Xiang Investment Holding Group Co., Ltd. and
          also a member of senior accountant appraisal committee of Hunan Province, an expert on assessment
          of the Special Capital Projects of Financial Corporates of Hunan and a member of the second session
          of Expert Review Committee for Writing-off of Non-Performing Assets of Hunan. From May 1993 to
          January 2002, he served as the deputy head and head of the financial department of Hunan Nonferrous
          Metals Geological Exploration Bureau of the State Administration of Nonferrous Metal Industry (during
          such period, he served as the chief accountant of Hunan Xin Xiang Metal Group from November 1999 to
          December 2001 and chief accountant of Central and Southern China Municipal Engineering Construction
          Group from January 2001 to December 2002). From January 2002 to August 2006, Mr. Wang served
          as the director of the third office of the Supervisory Board of State-owned Enterprise of Hunan and was
          delegated to Valin Group, Xiang Gang Group, Lin Gang Group, Hengyang Steel Tube Group, Hailea
          Group, Zhuzhou Chemical Industry Group and Xiangtou Holdings Group as a supervisor, respectively.
          From April 2004 to August 2006, Mr. Wang served as a member of the first session of the party
          committee of the departments of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
          Hunan.


     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


Mr. He Jianming (何建明), male, born in 1962, is a supervisor of the Company and currently serves as
the chairman of Zoomlion Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd.. He obtained a master’s degree and is a senior
accountant. He was the deputy chief of the business section I and chief of the general administration
office of finance inspectors of the Ministry of Finance in Hunan Province from November 1995 to April
2001. Since Mr. He joined Zoomlion in April 2001, he was the chief financial officer of our Company from
April 2001 to August 2004 and from August 2006 to July 2007, respectively. He was also a member of
the 2nd session of the Supervisory Board of our Company from September 2004 to July 2006. Mr. He
has been serving various other positions. Mr. He was a tutor for master’s degree graduate students of
the School of Accounting at Hunan University from December 2003 to December 2006 and is currently
a master’s tutor in accounting of the School of Management at Hunan Normal University. Mr. He is
currently a member of senior accountant appraisal committee of Hunan Province, the vice chairman of
Hunan Association of Chief Accountants, the vice chairman of the Listed Company Division of Hunan
Association of Accountants, the vice chairman of the Accounting Society of Hunan Province and a
member of executive council of Hunan Association of Taxation. Mr. He obtained a master’s degree in
business administration for senior management professionals from Wuhan University in 2007.

Mr. Liu Xiaoping (劉小平), male, born in 1963, is a supervisor of the Company and an engineer and
currently the director of the engineering machinery centre of Zoomlion. Since joining Zoomlion in 1995,
Mr. Liu has served as the director of the Guangdong office, the general manager of Zoomlion Siwei Company
(中聯重科四維公司), a manager of the engineering and development department, the general manager
of Zoomlion Zhongchen Company (中聯重科中宸公司), a director of the brand management centre, the
deputy director of the marketing department, an assistant to chairman and the director of the brand
promotion department and an assistant to general manager of the heavy machinery division. Mr. Liu was
also engaged by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology as the first batch of branding experts of
industrial enterprises in May 2012. Mr. Liu graduated from Hunan University in 1984 majoring in mechanical
manufacturing. In August 2006, he completed the professional program for CEO at Tsinghua University’s
major course of innovation administration (MIA). In March 2012, he completed the professional course for
CEO in the program of executive master of business administration at Shanghai Jiao Tong University.

Mr. Xiong Yanming (熊焰明), male, born in 1964, is an executive director and the chief executive officer
of Zoomlion Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. Mr. Xiong has become a senior engineer specialised in construction
machinery recognised by the Ministry of Construction since December 1999 and obtained the qualification
certificate of senior professional manager of machinery enterprises conferred by China Machinery Enterprise
Management Association in December 2004. He was previously an assistant engineer and engineer of
Research Institute from 1985 to 1998. Mr. Xiong was a member of the 1st session of the Supervisory
Board of our Company from August 1999 to March 2001, the deputy general manager of our Company
from April 2001 to July 2002, an executive vice president of our Company from August 2002 to July 2006,
a member of the 2nd session of the Board of Directors of our Company from September 2004 to July
2006. He has served as a vice president of our Company since August 2006 and served as the general
manager of the engineering crane branch of our Company from August 2006 to June 2014. Mr. Xiong has




                                                                                                                69
70
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


          received various awards, including Hunan Province Technology Innovation Advanced Individuals Award in
          1999, Changsha City Advancement Award in Technological Development (Grade II) in 1999, the Award of
          Succeeding Leader for Academics and Technology of Changsha City in 2007 and the Outstanding Leaders’
          Award in Hunan Province Quality Group Activity in 2009. He has also received the Outstanding Personage
          Award by the Dealers Committee of China Construction Machinery – DCCCM 10th Anniversary (Facilitating
          Advancement of the Dealers System) in 2013. Mr. Xiong obtained a bachelor’s degree in port machinery
          design and manufacturing from Wuhan Marine Engineering College (currently known as Wuhan University
          of Technology) in Wuhan City, the PRC in 1985 and a master’s degree in executive business administration
          under the BiMBA project from Peking University in Beijing, the PRC in June 2007.

          Mr. Sun Changjun (孫昌軍), male, born in 1962, is a vice president of our Company. Mr. Sun has become
          a professor recognised by the Leaders Team of the Working Group on Titles Reform of Hunan Province
          since September 2005. Mr. Sun served as the deputy secretary of the youth league committee, the deputy
          director of the business teaching and research section and the deputy director of the training department of
          Hunan Provincial People’s Police School (currently known as Hunan Police College) from November 1985
          to July 1990 respectively, a senior member of the legal and labour affairs committee of Hunan People’s
          Congress from July 1990 to July 1995, the director of criminal law research office of Hunan University of
          Finance and Economics from July 1998 to May 2000, the vice director of the industrial economics office
          of Hunan University from June 2000 to September 2001, the deputy head of the law faculty of Hunan
          University from October 2001 to December 2004, the general legal counsel of Research Institute from
          January 2005 to July 2006, a vice president of our Company from July 2006 to June 2015 and the Chief
          Legal Officer of our Company from July 2015 to January 2018. Mr. Sun serves various other positions,
          including the chairman of the Criminal Law Research Association of Hunan Province, the chairman of the
          Risk Management Research Association of Hunan Province, the vice chairman of the Legislative Research
          Association of Hunan Province, the vice chairman of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Management
          Research Association of Hunan Province, the vice chairman of the Provincial Condition Research
          Association of Hunan Province, a member of the expert advisory panel of the People’s Procuratorate of
          Hunan Province, a member of executive council of China Securities Law Research Association (中國證券
          法學研究會) and the vice chairman of Changsha City Federation of Industry and Commerce. Mr. Sun has
          won various titles and awards, including the Research Results (Grade I) Prize of Organisation Division of
          Central Government in October 2001, the 5-Best Project Prize of Hunan Province in October 2001, the
          Social Science Results (Grade I) Prize of Hunan Province in June 2002, the Outstanding Achievements
          (Grade II) Prize of Philosophy and Social Sciences of Hunan Province in 2004, the Outstanding Legal
          Counsel of Provincial Supervisory Corporations in 2008, the Innovative Results (Grade I) Prize in Modern
          Enterprise Management of Hunan Province (湖南省企業管理現代化創新成果一等獎) in 2009 and the Annual
          Outstanding Corporate Counsel in China for 2011 (2011中國律政年度精英公司律師) in December 2011.
          Mr. Sun graduated from Southwest College of Political Science and Law (currently known as Southwest
          University of Political Science and Law) in Chongqing, the PRC with a bachelor’s degree in law in 1983, and
          obtained a doctorate degree in law (full-time) from Wuhan University in Wuhan City, the PRC in 1998.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


Mr. Guo Xuehong (郭學紅), male, born in 1962, is a vice president of our Company. Mr. Guo is
currently the general manager of general marketing branch of our Company. Mr. Guo was the head of
the technological structure section of technology department of Hunan Puyuan Construction Machinery
Factory from June 1992 to February 1995, the deputy head of technology department of Hunan Puyuan
Construction Machinery Factory from February 1995 to January 1996, the head of technology research
centre of Puyuan Group and the deputy manager of crane company of Puyuan Group from January 1996
to July 2000, the executive deputy general manager of Puyuan Holding Company from August 2000 to
January 2002 and the assistant to general manager and deputy general manager of Puyuan Group from
January 2002 to August 2004. Mr. Guo has served as the general manager of the Puyuan branch of our
Company from September 2004 to February 2006, a vice president of our Company since February 2006
and the general manager of the earth working machinery branch of our Company from January 2009 to
December 2011. Mr. Guo received a diploma in technology and equipment of machinery manufacturing
from Hunan Radio and TV University in Changsha City, the PRC in 1985, completed a postgraduate
program in machinery engineering and management science and engineering at Hunan University
in Changsha City, the PRC in March 2004 and obtained a master’s degree in executive business
administration at Wuhan University in Wuhan City, the PRC in June 2007.

Ms. Fu Ling (付玲), female, born in 1967, is a vice president of our Company. Ms. Fu obtained a
doctorate degree in mechanics and is a researcher-level senior engineer. She is currently the Chief
Engineer of our Company, the head of the central research institute and the general manager of the earth
working machinery branch of our Company. Ms. Fu received awards such as the First Prize of China
Machinery Industry Science and Technology Award (中國機械工業科學技術獎一等獎) and the First Prize
of Science and Technology Advancement Award of Hunan Province (湖南省科學技術進步獎一等獎), and
was previously awarded the National Labour Day Medallion (全國五一勞動獎章) and the title of National
woman pacesetter (全國三八紅旗手). She was a representative of the 18th National Congress of the
Communist Party of China in 2012. She graduated from Shenyang Jianzhu Engineering College (瀋陽建
築工程學院) (currently known as Shenyang Jianzhu University) in Shenyang, the PRC with a bachelor’s
degree in construction and crane transportation machinery in 1988, graduated from Jilin University
of Technology (currently known as Jilin University) in Changchun, the PRC with a doctorate degree
in mechanical design and theory in 1998 and completed a postdoctoral research programme at the
Agricultural Engineering Institute of China Agricultural University (中國農業大學農業工程學院) in Beijing,
the PRC in 2002.

Ms. Du Yigang (杜毅剛), female, born in 1975, is a vice president of our Company. Ms. Du is a senior
accountant. Ms. Du was awarded the titles of the Outstanding Entrepreneur of National Hi-Tech Industrial
Development Zone in Changsha (長沙高新區優秀企業家) in 2014 and the First Selection Session of
Leading Accounting Talent in Hunan Province (湖南省首屆會計領軍人才). Ms. Du was previously the head
of the accounting division of Zhuzhou Southern Motor Company Limited (株洲南方摩托股份有限公司), the
financial manager of Hunan IIN-Galaxy Software Development Co., Limited (湖南國訊銀河軟件園有限公
司), Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Engineering Crane Company (中聯重科工程起重機
公司) and Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Concrete Machinery Company (中聯重科混




                                                                                                           71
72
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


          凝土機械公司), the deputy head of the financial management division of Zoomlion, the head of accounting
          and audit division of Zoomlion and the deputy general manager of Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and
          Technology Concrete Machinery Company. Ms. Du graduated from Xiangtan University with a bachelor’s
          degree in international accounting and completed a master’s in business administration programme of the
          School of Business of Hunan University in September 2011.

          Mr. Huang Jianbing (黃建兵), male, born in 1971, is an assistant president of our Company. Mr. Huang
          previously served as the head of loader research institute, general manager of business department,
          executive vice president of the institute, director of strategy and investment, assistant to president and
          vice president of Guangxi Liugong Machinery Co., Ltd., the vice president of Guangxi Liugong Group Co.,
          Ltd. and a director of Liuzhou OVM Machinery Co., Ltd.. Mr. Huang graduated from Chongqing Jianzhu
          University with a bachelor’s degree in engineering majoring in lifting transportation and engineering
          machinery in 1994 and obtained a master’s degree in vehicle engineering from Jilin University in 2004.

          Mr. Qin Xiuhong (秦修宏), male, born in 1974, is an assistant president of our Company. Mr. Qin served
          as the finance director of Taiyuan Branch of Ningbo Shanshan Co., Ltd., the finance director and director
          of internal control of Hunan Shanshan Advanced Materials Co., Ltd. and the chief financial officer of
          Xuzhou Xugong Mining Machinery Co., Ltd.. Mr. Qin obtained the title of senior accountant in 2012. He
          was appointed as a part-time postgraduate tutor at the School of Management of China University of
          Mining and Technology in 2014 and awarded the honorary title of “2015 China International Financial
          Excellence Talent” (2015中國國際財務卓越人才) in 2015. Mr. Qin graduated from Hefei University of
          Technology with a postgraduate degree in business administration (accounting and finance) and obtained
          a master’s degree in business administration in 2010. He is currently a Doctor of Philosophy candidate in
          financial systems engineering at China University of Mining and Technology.

          Mr. Wang Yongxiang (王永祥), male, born in 1977, is an assistant president of our Company. He is
          currently the head of operational management department of our Company. Mr. Wang previously served
          as the general manager of marketing branch of concrete division and assistant to general manager
          of concrete division of our Company. Mr. Wang was awarded the title of Outstanding Entrepreneur of
          National Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone in Changsha (長沙高新技術開發區優秀企業家) in 2015.
          Mr. Wang graduated from Xi’an Technological University majoring in mechanical manufacturing in 1997.

          Mr. Luo Kai (羅凱), male, born in 1970, is an assistant president of our Company. He is currently the
          general manager of engineering crane branch of our Company. Mr. Luo previously served as the director
          of technological research institute of engineering crane branch, the director of product research institute
          I of engineering crane branch, the deputy head of technical department of engineering crane branch,
          the manager of crawler crane division of engineering crane branch and deputy general manager of
          engineering crane branch of our Company. Mr. Luo obtained the title of associate senior engineer of
          mechanical design in 2017. Mr. Luo graduated from Taiyuan Heavy Machinery Institute with a bachelor’s
          degree in lifting transportation and engineering machinery in 1995.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


Mr. Tian Bing (田兵), male, born in 1974, is an assistant president of our Company. He is currently the
general manager of pumping division of our Company. Mr. Tian also serves as the head of Ningxiang
concrete machinery branch of our Company and an executive director of Hunan Zoomlion Concrete
Machinery Station Equipment Co., Ltd.. Mr. Tian previously served as the head of administrative
department of our Company, the general manager of concrete machinery branch of our Company and
the general manager of Zhongwang branch of our Company. Mr. Tian obtained the title of lecturer in
October 2000 and was awarded the title of Outstanding Entrepreneur of National Hi-Tech Industrial
Development Zone in Changsha (長沙市高新區優秀企業家) in 2017. Mr. Tian obtained a Bachelor of
Arts degree from Hunan Normal University in December 1995, a Bachelor of Law degree from Xiangtan
University in June 1999, a Bachelor of Management degree from Hunan University in June 2007 and a
bachelor’s degree in economics from Hunan University in June 2013.

Mr. Tang Shaofang (唐少芳), male, born in 1974, is an assistant president of our Company. He is
currently the general manager of construction crane branch of our Company. Mr. Tang previously served
as the manager of planning department, assistant to general manager and executive deputy general
manager of construction crane branch of our Company. Mr. Tang was awarded the title of Outstanding
Entrepreneur of National Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone in Changsha (長沙市高新區優秀企業家) in
2013. Mr. Tang graduated from University of South China majoring in mechanical engineering in 1996 and
obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Central South University in 2009.

Mr. Shen Ke (申柯), male, born in 1971, is the Chief Investment Officer of our Company. He was the
deputy manager and head of the investment and development division, the deputy head of the investment
and financing management division and the secretary of the board of directors of our Company. Mr. Shen
is also a director of Infore Environment Technology Group Co., Ltd. and a director of Bichamp Cutting
Technology (Hunan) Co.,Ltd.. Mr. Shen graduated from Shenyang University of Technology with a
bachelor’s degree in industrial management in July 1993 and Central South University of Technology
(currently known as Central South University) with a master’s degree in management science and
engineering in December 1998.

Mr. Yang Duzhi (楊篤志), male, born in 1989, is the secretary of the board of directors of our Company.
Mr. Yang previously served as a manager of the listing department of National Equities Exchange and
Quotations Co., Ltd., a senior investment manager of Zoomlion Capital Co., Ltd. and the secretary of
the board of directors of Beijing Junlai Capital Management Co., Ltd.. Mr. Yang graduated from Beijing
Technology and Business University, the PRC with a bachelor’s degree in corporate management in
June 2011, obtained a master’s degree in corporate management from Beijing Technology and Business
University, the PRC in June 2014 and studied for a master’s degree in public administration at Renmin
University of China since September 2017.




                                                                                                         73
74
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


     IV. Remunerations of directors, supervisors, senior management and employees
          During the reporting period, the remuneration and assessment committee of the Board carried out
          performance assessment on the directors and senior management pursuant to the assessment standards
          based on the fulfillment of major financial indicators and operating targets in 2018, scope of work and
          major responsibilities of directors and senior management, and fulfillment of targets in the relevant
          performance assessment system. The performance assessment was submitted to the Board of the
          Company for review.

          The Board of the Company determined the remuneration standards of directors and senior management
          for the year pursuant to the remuneration management system and the annual performance assessment
          conducted by the remuneration and assessment committee of the Board. In 2018, remuneration of
          directors and senior management disclosed was in compliance with the remuneration management
          system of the Company. The remuneration was not in violation or inconsistent with the remuneration
          management system.

                                                                                         Unit: RMB ten thousand
                                                                                                    Whether the
                                                                                           Total   remuneration
                                                                                   remuneration    was received
                                                                                      before tax   from a related
                                                                     Employment   received from      party of the
           Name              Post                      Gender Age    Status        the Company         Company


           Zhan Chunxin      Chairman and Chief        M        63   incumbent              270               No
                               Executive Officer
           Hu Xinbao         Director                  M        50   resigned                 0               No
           Zhao John Huan    Director                  M        56   incumbent                0               No
           Lai Kin Keung     Independent Director      M        68   incumbent               12               No
           Zhao Songzheng    Independent Director      M        57   incumbent               12               No
           Liu Guiliang      Independent Director      F        55   incumbent               12               No
           Yang Changbo      Independent Director      M        64   incumbent               12               No
           Fu Zheng          Chairman of Supervisory   F        50   resigned                 0               No
                               Board
           Liu Quan          Supervisor                M        55   resigned                 0               No
           Liu Chi           Employee Supervisor       M        61   resigned               130               No
           Yin Zhengfu       Vice President            M        62   resigned               170               No
           Xiong Yanming     Vice President            M        54   incumbent              200               No
           Su Yongzhuan      Vice President            M        46   resigned               170               No
           Fang Minghua      Vice President            M        61   resigned               170               No




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
   Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


                                                                                                 Whether the
                                                                                        Total   remuneration
                                                                               remuneration     was received
                                                                                  before tax    from a related
                                                                Employment     received from      party of the
    Name              Post                     Gender Age       Status         the Company          Company


    He Jianming       Supervisor               M        55      incumbent                170               No
    Wang Jinfu        Vice President           M        62      resigned                 160               No
    Sun Changjun      Vice President           M        56      incumbent                180               No
    Huang Qun         Vice President           F        52      resigned                 170               No
    Guo Xuehong       Vice President           M        56      incumbent                180               No
    Li Jiangtao       Vice President           M        55      resigned                 160               No
    Liu Jie           Vice President           F        50      resigned                 140               No
    Du Yigang         Vice President           F        43      incumbent                140               No
    Fu Ling           Vice President           F        51      incumbent                140               No
    Shen Ke           Investment Director      M        47      incumbent                130               No


    Total             —                        —        —       —                      2,728               —



V. Service Contracts of Directors and Supervisors
   None of the directors or supervisors has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable
   by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


VI. Directors’ and Supervisors’ Interests in Contracts
   No director or supervisor of the Company, or an entity connected with a director or a supervisor of the
   Company, had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or contract
   of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, its holding company, or any of its
   subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the year.




                                                                                                                  75
76
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Share Option Scheme

     On 1 November 2017, a share incentive scheme of the Company (the “Share Option Scheme”) and the first
     grant of options thereunder (the “First Grant of Options”) were approved by way of special resolutions at the
     extraordinary general meeting, the H shares class meeting and the A shares class meeting of the Company.

     On 7 November 2017, during the seventh extraordinary meeting of the fifth session of the Board for 2017, the
     Board considered and approved the First Grant of Options and confirmed that the date of the First Grant of
     Options shall be 7 November 2017, pursuant to which 171,568,961 options were granted to 1,231 participants.
     39 participants waived their right to subscribe for new A shares under the Share Option Scheme, leaving 1,192
     participants to subscribe for an aggregate of 168,760,911 A shares under the First Grant of Options.

     On 10 September 2018, during the sixth extraordinary meeting of the fifth session of the Board for 2018, the
     Board considered and approved the second grant of options under the Share Option Scheme (the “Second
     Grant of Options”) and confirmed that the date of the Second Grant of Options shall be 10 September 2018,
     pursuant to which 19,063,218 options were granted to 405 participants. 16 participants waived their right
     to subscribe for new A shares under the Share Option Scheme, leaving 389 participants to subscribe for an
     aggregate of 18,554,858 A shares under the Second Grant of Options.

     The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme but does not form part of, nor
     was it intended to be, part of the Share Option Scheme, nor should it be taken as affecting the interpretation of
     the rules of the Share Option Scheme.


     (I) Purpose of the Share Option Scheme
          The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to further refine the corporate structure of the Company,
          align the interests of the shareholders with that of the management, and enhance the loyalty and sense
          of responsibilities of the management and the core personnel of the Company for, and to retain talent for,
          the sound and sustainable development of the Company.


     (II) Participants of the Share Option Scheme
          The eligible persons of the Share Option Scheme include the Directors, senior management, key technical
          and managerial personnel of the Company and such other persons as the Board considers necessary to
          provide incentives.


     (III) Maximum number of shares available for subscription
          The total number of the underlying A shares subject to the options that may be granted under the Share
          Option Scheme shall be 190,632,179 A shares, representing approximately 2.44% of the existing total
          issued share capital of the Company. Amongst the options, 171,568,961 options granted are under the
          First Grant of Options, representing approximately 2.20% of the existing total issued share capital of the
          Company, and 19,063,218 options are reserved options granted under the Second Grant of Options,
          representing 0.24% of the existing total issued share capital of the Company.

     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                       Share Option Scheme


(IV) Maximum entitlement of each participant
   The aggregate number of A shares to be issued to a participant upon the exercise of his options under
   the Share Option Scheme must not exceed 1% of Company’s total share capital.


(V) Vesting period
   Options granted to the participants have different vesting periods. The options under the First Grant
   of Options have vesting periods of 12 months, 24 months and 36 months and the reserved options
   under the Second Grant of Options have vesting periods of 12 months and 24 months, in each case
   commencing from the date of grant respectively.


(VI) Time of exercise of option
   Options under the First Grant of Options are exercisable in three batches upon expiry of 12 months from
   the date of grant of such options. Details are as follows:

    Exercising
    arrangement             Exercise period                                                                Proportion


    First exercise period   Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 12-month period            40%
                              from the date of grant, and ending on the last trading day of the 24-month
                              period from the date of grant
    Second exercise period Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 24-month period             30%
                              from the date of grant, and ending on the last trading day of the
                              36-month period from the date of grant
    Third exercise period   Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 36-month period
                              from the date of grant, and ending on the last trading day of the
                              48-month period from the date of grant                                             30%


   Reserved options under the Second Grant of Options are exercisable in two batches upon expiry of 12
   months from the date of grant of such reserved options. Details are as follows:

    Exercising
    arrangement             Exercise period                                                                 Proportion


    First exercise period   Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 12-month period            50%
                              from the date of grant, and ending on the last trading day of the
                              24-month period from the date of grant
    Second exercise period Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 24-month period
                              from the date of grant, and ending on the last trading day of the
                              36-month period from the date of grant                                             50%




                                                                                                                         77
78
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Share Option Scheme


     (VII) Exercise price
          The exercise price of the options granted under the First Grant of Options shall be RMB4.57 per A
          share. The exercise price shall not be less than the nominal value of the shares or the higher of: (i) the
          average of the trading prices of the A shares (being the total daily trading turnover on the last trading
          day immediately preceding the date of the Company’s announcement dated 29 September 2017 (the
          “Announcement”) in relation to, among others, the adoption of the Share Option Scheme and the grant
          thereunder, divided by the total daily trading volume on the last trading day immediately preceding the
          date of the Announcement) quoted on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on the last trading day immediately
          preceding the date of the Announcement, which was RMB4.48 per A share; and (ii) the average of the
          trading prices of the A shares quoted on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange for the last 20 trading days
          immediately preceding the date of the Announcement, which was RMB4.57 per A share.

          Pursuant to the terms of the Share Option Scheme, if the Company declares a dividend during the period
          from the date on which the Share Option Scheme is first announced to the date on which a participant
          exercises his options, the exercise price shall be adjusted accordingly such that it shall be the exercise
          price minus the amount dividend declared per share. In accordance with the terms of the Share Option
          Scheme, following the payment of the 2017 final dividend by the Company on 24 August 2018, the
          exercise price of the options granted under the First Grant of Options was adjusted to RMB4.37 per share.

          The exercise price of the options granted under the Second Grant of Options shall be RMB3.96 per A
          share. The exercise price of the reserved options shall not be less than the nominal value of the shares
          of the Company or the higher of: (i) the average of the trading prices of the A shares quoted on the
          Shenzhen Stock Exchange on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of the announcement
          of the Second Grant of Options, which was RMB3.69 per A share; and (ii) the average of the trading
          prices of the A shares quoted on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange for the last 20, 60 or 120 trading
          days immediately preceding the date of the announcement of the Second Grant of Options, which was
          RMB3.96 per A share.


     (VIII) Validity period of the Share Option Scheme
          The Share Option Scheme shall be terminated upon occurrence of any of the following: (i) a participant has
          been determined as an unsuitable candidate by a stock exchange in the last 12 months; (ii) he has been
          determined to be an unsuitable candidate by the China Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”) or any
          of its dispatched agencies in the last 12 months; (iii) he has been imposed with administrative penalties or
          measures which prohibit him from entering into the market by the CSRC or its dispatched agencies in the
          last 12 months due to material non-compliance with laws and regulations; (iv) he is prohibited from acting
          as a Director or a member of the senior management of the Company under the Company Law of the
          PRC; (v) he is not allowed to participate in any share incentive scheme of a listed company under laws and
          regulations; and (vi) there is any other circumstance as determined by the CSRC.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Share Option Scheme


   In such event, all options exercisable and not yet exercised shall be terminated and all options not
   yet exercisable shall lapse. Subject to the foregoing, the validity period of the Share Option Scheme
   commences from the date of grant of the options, and ends on the date on which all the options have
   been exercised or cancelled, provided that such period must not exceed 48 months.


(IX) Movements in the Share Option Scheme
   Details of movement of the options granted under the Share Option Scheme for the year ended 31
   December 2018 were as follows:

                                                     Number of options
     Name                      As at      Granted     Lapsed     Cancelled       Exercised        As at                                                Exercise
     or category           1 January        during     during         during        during 31 December Date of         Vesting          Exercise          price
     of participant             2018      the year   the year       the year      the year        2018 grant           period           period           (RMB)

     Zhan Chunxin                                                                                                                       7 November
       (chief executive                                                                                                1-3 years from     2018 to
       of the                                                                                             7 November     the date of      5 November
       Company)             2,888,520           —         —                —           —      2,888,520     2017         grant            2021            4.37(2)
                            2,888,520           —         —                —           —      2,888,520
                                                                                                                                    7 November
                                                                                                                       1-3 years from 2018 to
                                                                                                        7 November       the date of  5 November
     Key technical
                          165,872,391           —         —       4,472,740(1)         —    161,399,651 2017             grant        2021                4.37(2)
       and managerial
                                                                                                                                    10 September
       personnel (4)
                                                                                                                     1-2 years from 2019 to 9
                                                                                                        10 September the date of      September
                                   —    18,554,858        —               —            —     18,554,858 2018           grant          2021                3.96(3)
                          165,872,391   18,554,858        —       4,472,740(1)         —    179,954,509
                          168,760,911   18,554,858        —       4,472,740(1)         —    182,843,029

   (1)      The exercise price of such cancelled options was RMB4.37 per A share.

   (2)      The exercise price of the options granted under the First Grant of Options was RMB4.57 per A share. Pursuant to the terms of the
            Share Option Scheme, if the Company declares a dividend during the period from the date on which the Share Option Scheme is first
            announced to the date on which a participant exercises his options, the exercise price shall be adjusted accordingly such that it shall be
            the exercise price minus the amount dividend declared per share. In accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme, following
            the payment of the 2017 final dividend by the Company on 24 August 2018, the exercise price of the options granted under the First
            Grant of Options was adjusted to RMB4.37 per share.

   (3)      The closing price of the A shares immediately before the date on which such options were granted was RMB3.69 per A share.

   (4)      There are 1,192 participants in total under the First Grant of Options, and 389 participants in total under the Second Grant of Options.


   Fair value of the options granted during the year ended 31 December 2018 and assumptions are set out
   in note 25 to the financial statements prepared under IFRSs. The Black-Scholes model requires input of
   subjective assumptions such as the expected stock price volatility. Change in the subjective input may
   materially affect the fair value estimates. With regard to the subjectivity and uncertainty of the values of
   the options, such values are subject to a number of assumptions and the limitation of the Black-Scholes
   model.




                                                                                                                                                                    79
80
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Corporate Governance

     The Company has established and improved the structure of its corporate governance to regulate its operation
     strictly in accordance with the Company Law, Securities Law, the relevant regulations of the CSRC and
     code provisions of the Code on Corporate Governance Practices (effective until 31 March 2012) and the
     Corporate Governance Code (effective from 1 April 2012) contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules of
     Hong Kong. According to the relevant regulations, the Company improves its internal control, the regulations
     of shareholders’ meeting, board meeting and supervisor meeting so as to implement a comprehensive
     governance system and disclosure procedures. The Company ensures its sustainable and healthy
     development to further enhance the corporate value and safeguard the interests of all shareholders and itself.


     I.   Statement of the Compliance of Corporate Governance Requirements of
          the PRC Regulatory Authorities and Code on Corporate Governance of
          Hong Kong
          The corporate governance of the Company is substantially the same as required by the regulatory
          requirements of the CSRC on listing companies. Pursuant to the requirements of the regulatory
          authorities, the Board of the Company reviewed and refined the structure and implementation of the
          corporate governance system and the management system for information insider, and external user. It
          also prepared a report on the insider information and external information users and report to relevant
          regulatory authority.

          Mr. Zhan Chunxin acted as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in 2018. The Board
          considers that Mr. Zhan Chunxin acting as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer can be more efficient
          in the planning and implementation of the corporate strategies. Under the supervision of the Board and
          Independent Non-executive Directors and our effective internal checks-and-balances, such arrangement
          will not create conflict between the Board and the Company in business operation and will not jeopardise
          the balance of power.

          Save as above, the Company has complied with the Code on Corporate Governance Practices (effective
          until 31 March 2012) and the Corporate Governance Code (effective from 1 April 2012) contained in
          Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules of Hong Kong throughout the year of 2018.


     II. Shareholders and Shareholder’s General Meeting
          The shareholders’ general meetings are convened and conducted strictly in accordance with the relevant
          PRC and overseas statutory requirements and the Articles of Association. Lawyers are invited to attend
          and witness the meeting. Minutes of shareholders’ general meeting are properly maintained to secure the
          rights of shareholders.

          The shareholding structures of the Company are set out in section “Changes in Share Capital and
          Shareholders” in this annual report.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                 Corporate Governance


   The Company maintains effective communication with its shareholders through disclosures of financial
   and operating results in annual reports, interim reports and quarterly reports. The Company has set
   up investor telephone hotline and email account to receive advices from shareholders or allow them
   to exercise their rights. Website of the Company is updated regularly to allow investors and the public
   to understand the latest development of the Company. The date, contents, method of delivery and
   announcement of notice of shareholders’ general meetings and the voting conducted at shareholders’
   general meetings are strictly in compliance with the rules and regulations within and outside China
   including the Company Law and Securities Law of the PRC and the Company Ordinance of Hong Kong,
   Listing Rules of Shenzhen and Hong Kong and the Articles of Association to ensure that shareholders are
   entitled to attend the general meetings.


III. Directors and Board
   All Directors have attended board meetings and shareholders’ general meetings strictly in accordance
   with the Articles of Association and Rules of Board Meeting in a bona fide manner. Directors have actively
   participated in the relevant training programs to understand the requirements of laws and regulations and
   the rights, obligations and liabilities of Directors to ensure the smooth operation and rational decisions of
   the Board. The Directors oversee and regulate the operation of the Company for its best interest. They
   bear joint and several liabilities for the management, supervision and operation of the Company and are
   accountable to all shareholders.

   The number of members and structure of the Board are in compliance with the relevant laws and
   regulations. Independent Directors represent a majority of the Board. The Board has performed its duties
   in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association. The decisions of the
   Board are legal, complying with the laws and efficient.


   (I)   Responsibilities of the Board
         The Board shall convene shareholders’ general meetings to submit their work report to shareholders
         and then promptly implement the resolutions passed at shareholders’ general meetings. The Board
         shall also monitor the overall development of business strategies and determine the business plans
         and investment plans of the Company. In addition, the Board shall supervise and provide guidance
         to the management of the Company. The Board shall be responsible for the supervision of operation
         and financial performance and formulation of budget and auditing plans of the Company.

         The Directors understand that they have the responsibility to prepare annual financial statements for
         each financial year to give a true and fair view of the position, results and cash flow of the Company
         in the relevant period. In preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018,
         the Directors have consistently adopted proper accounting policies and made reasonable estimates




                                                                                                                   81
82
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Corporate Governance


                 and have complied with all applicable accounting standards. Having made proper enquiries, the
                 Directors are satisfied that the Company has adequate resources for its business in the foreseeable
                 future. Therefore, the Company’s financial statements have been prepared on a going concern
                 basis.


          (II)   Composition of the Board
                 The Board of the Company has seven members, including a chairman, two Non-executive Directors
                 who have extensive experience in the business and operation of the Company and four Independent
                 Non-executive Directors who have extensive experience and relevant academic and professional
                 qualifications in finance, management, and business strategy. The Independent Non-executive
                 Directors are influential and active in the strict review and supervision of the internal control
                 procedures of the Company to protect the interest of all shareholders, in particular the minority
                 shareholders. The particulars and term of office of all Directors are set out in section “Directors,
                 Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” in this annual report. There is no significant
                 financial, business, family and other major/relevant relationship among the Directors.

                 The Company confirms that it has received the annual confirmation of independence from
                 all Independent Non-executive Directors in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules of
                 Hong Kong and the Company is satisfied that all Independent Non-executive Directors are
                 independent according to the independence guidelines under the Listing Rules of Hong Kong.


          (III) Appointment and removal of Directors
                 A Director of the Company shall have a term of office of three years and shall be entitled to be
                 reappointed if so elected provided that the term of office of Independent Non-executive Directors
                 shall not be more than six years. The appointment and removal of Directors shall be approved by
                 shareholders at general meeting. During the year, the changes of Directors of the Company are set
                 out in section “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” in this annual report.


          (IV) Board meetings and general meetings
                 1.   According to the Articles of Association, the Board shall hold at least 4 meetings a year. In the
                      year of 2018, the Board had held 11 meetings. The Independent Directors duly perform their
                      duties strictly in accordance with the “Code on Corporate Governance for Listed Companies”,
                      “Guidelines for Establishment of Independent Directors System of Listed Companies” and the
                      Articles of Association so as to understand the production, operation and management of the
                      Company. During the reporting period, the Independent Directors attended the board meetings
                      and shareholders’ general meetings and used their respective professional knowledge in
                      performing their duties. They have made useful advice in respect of the operation procedures
                      of the Board and made significant contribution to decisions of the Board. Their independent
                      and objective advices have enabled the Board to make rational decisions for the best interest




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                      Corporate Governance


     of the Company and its shareholders as a whole. During the reporting period, the Independent
     Directors have made no objection to the resolutions and proposals raised at boarding
     meetings and other meetings of the Company in the year.

     The attendance of all Directors at the Board meetings and general meetings in 2018 was as
     follows:


                                                     Number                    Number
                                                    of Board                 of general
                                                    meetings                 meetings
                               Name of Directors        held   Attendance         held    Attendance


      Chairman                 Mr. Zhan Chunxin          11           11             1            1
      Non-executive Director   Mr. Hu Xinbao             11           11             1            1
                               Mr. Zhao John Huan        11           11             1            1
      Independent Non-         Mr. Lai Kin Keung         11           11             1            1
        executive Director     Mr. Zhao Songzheng        11           11             1            1
                               Ms. Liu Guiliang          11           11             1            1
                               Mr. Yang Changbo          11           11             1            1


2.   The Company convened its board meetings by giving 14 days’ notice in advance for regular
     meetings and five days’ notice in advance for ad-hoc meetings in accordance with the code
     provisions of the Code on Corporate Governance Practices (effective until 31 March 2012)
     and the Corporate Governance Code (effective from 1 April 2012) contained in Appendix 14 to
     the Listing Rules of Hong Kong. The secretary to the Board shall deliver all relevant materials
     of regular board meetings (including reports from all committees of the Board) to all Directors
     no less than three days before the date of the meetings to ensure all Directors can acquire
     understanding on the resolutions to be tabled at the meetings in advance.

     For ad-hoc board meetings convened upon requests of management of the Company
     through means of communication, the relevant meeting materials shall be delivered to all
     Directors through email or fax and allow the Directors to have adequate time to consider the
     matters concerned before the meetings. The secretary to the Board shall promptly reply any
     questions raised by the Directors and take necessary action to ensure that the board meeting
     is conducted in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Company Law, the Articles of
     Association and the Listing Rules of Hong Kong.




                                                                                                       83
84
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Corporate Governance


                3.   Minutes of each board meeting shall be endorsed by all attending Directors and recorder and
                     shall be kept for at least 10 years. The minutes shall be available for inspection upon request
                     by any Director.

                4.   When considering connected transactions, Directors who are considered of having significant
                     interest in the relevant transactions should be absent from the meeting and abstained from
                     voting in respect of the matters concerned.


          (V)   Performance of Independent Directors
                The Independent Non-executive Directors duly perform their duties strictly in accordance with
                the “Code on Corporate Governance for Listed Companies”, “Guidelines for Establishment of
                Independent Directors System of Listed Companies” and the Articles of Association so as to
                understand the production, operation and management of the Company. During the reporting
                period, the Independent Non-executive Directors attended the board meetings and shareholders’
                general meetings and use their respective professional knowledge in performing their duties. They
                have made useful advice in respect of the operation procedures of the Board and made significant
                contribution to decisions of the Board. Their independent and objective advices have enabled the
                Board to make rational decisions for the best interest of the Company and its shareholders as a
                whole.

                During the reporting period, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have made no objection
                to the resolutions and proposals raised at boarding meetings and other meetings of the
                Company in the year.


          (VI) Measures to ensure that Directors can perform their duties properly
                1.   Upon appointment of a Director, the Company will provide all necessary materials to the
                     Director to allow him/her to understand the requirement of the Listing Rules of Shenzhen and
                     Hong Kong and other relevant laws and regulations. The Director shall also be provided with
                     the updates of the relevant laws and regulation and internal publications and other information
                     concerning the duties of Directors. Ongoing training will also be provided to allow the Directors
                     to fully understand their duties under the Listing Rules of Shenzhen and Hong Kong and other
                     relevant law and regulations and the operation of the Company in a timely manner. On-site
                     inspections and communications with accounting staff and auditors will also be organised for
                     the Independent Non-executive Directors to facilitate full performance of their duties.

                2.   In formulating their opinion on guarantee for third parties, appropriation of funds and
                     connected transactions, Directors may seek independent advice from independent auditor and
                     solicitor engaged by the Company to facilitate the performance of their duties.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                Corporate Governance


   (VII) Responsibilities of the Board and the management
        The authorities and responsibilities of the Board and the management have clear separation. The
        responsibilities of the Board are set out in Article 149 of the Company’s Articles of Association. The
        management shall report to the Board and provide adequate updated information to the Board and
        its committees to enable them to make informed decisions. Management shall also provide further
        information upon request by the Directors.


   (VIII) Trainings for Directors
        The training records of each incumbent Director in 2018 are summarized as follows:


         Directors                                                                          Type of training


         Mr. Zhan Chunxin                                                                             ABCD
         Mr. Hu Xinbao                                                                                   BD
         Mr. Zhao John Huan                                                                            BCD
         Mr. Lai Kin Keung                                                                             ABD
         Mr. Zhao Songzheng                                                                              BD
         Ms. Liu Guiliang                                                                                AD
         Mr. Yang Changbo                                                                                AD


        A    Attending seminars or forums
        B    Reading documents relating to general business, development and investment and duties and
             responsibilities of directors etc.
        C    Making speeches at external seminars or forums
        D    Participating in corporate activities or visits


IV. Performance of Duties by Committees of the Board during the Reporting
    Period
   The Board has established four committees, namely the Audit Committee, Remuneration and Appraisal
   Committee, Nomination Committee and Strategy and Investment Decision-making Committee. The
   committees have their terms of reference which set out their respective compositions, duties and
   authority, decision-making procedures and rules of meeting. The Board is charged with duties in
   corporate governance, procuring the management to establish a compliant organisational structure and
   regime and to abide by the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 14
   to the Listing Rules of Hong Kong and other laws and regulations in day-to-day management. The Board
   has delegated some of its functions to the board committees, details of which are set out below.




                                                                                                                 85
86
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Corporate Governance


          (I)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
                1.   Role and responsibilities of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
                     The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee shall determine the criteria for and shall conduct
                     the performance appraisal of Directors and senior management. The committee shall also be
                     responsible for considering, reviewing, verifying and formulating the remuneration policies and
                     proposals for Directors and senior management for approval by the Board. The committee
                     shall supervise and procure the implementation of resolutions of the Board in relation to
                     remuneration or performance appraisal of Directors and senior management. It shall perform
                     other duties in relation to the remuneration or performance appraisal of Directors and senior
                     management in accordance with the Articles of Association and as authorised by the Board.

                2.   Composition and meetings of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
                     In 2018, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee had three members, including two
                     Independent Non-executive Directors and a Non-executive Director. The convener of the
                     Remuneration and Appraisal Committee was Mr. Lai Kin Keung, Independent Non-executive
                     Director. Other members included Mr. Hu Xinbao and Mr. Yang Changbo. In 2018,
                     the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held 1 meeting. During the meeting, the
                     committee reviewed the performance of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of
                     the Company in 2017 and conducted annual performance appraisal based on the appraisal
                     criteria and remuneration policies and proposals.


                                                                                                     Attendance/
                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                                        meetings
                                                                                                       during the
                                                                                                 Reporting Period


                      Mr. Lai Kin Keung                                                                       1/1
                      Mr. Hu Xinbao                                                                           1/1
                      Mr. Yang Changbo                                                                        1/1


                3.   Determination and the basis of remuneration packages of Directors and senior
                     management
                     The remuneration of Directors and senior management shall be proposed by the Remuneration
                     and Appraisal Committee based on their individual responsibilities and the remuneration level
                     of other comparable listed companies for approval by the Board according to the Assessment
                     Method for Senior Management of the Company. The remuneration of Directors shall be
                     approved at the shareholders’ general meeting. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                              Corporate Governance


            shall review the remuneration and performance appraisal results annually and propose the
            remuneration packages for the next year. The committee shall conduct annual appraisal of the
            senior management and determine their remuneration accordingly.


(II)   Nomination Committee
       1.   Role and responsibilities of the Nomination Committee
            The Nomination Committee is responsible for the establishment of the criteria and procedures
            for the election of Directors and senior management. The committee shall consider and
            discuss the qualifications, the election procedures and term of office of Directors and senior
            management in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association
            with reference to the Company’s condition for approval by the Board.

       2.   Composition and meetings of the Nomination Committee
            In 2018, the Nomination Committee had three members, including two Independent Non-
            executive Directors and an Executive Director. Mr. Zhao Songzheng, an Independent
            Non-executive Director, was the chairman of the committee. Other members includes
            Mr. Zhan Chunxin and Mr. Lai Kin Keung. In 2018, the Nomination Committee did not hold any
            meeting.

       3.   Appointment of Directors and senior management
            Executive Directors and Non-executive Directors of the Company shall be nominated by
            shareholders for approval by shareholders at general meeting. The Independent Non-executive
            Directors shall be nominated by the Board for approval by shareholders at general meeting.
            The appointment of senior management shall be reviewed by the Nomination Committee
            and approved by the Board. The nomination, appointment and re-appointment of Directors
            and senior management are based on the professional knowledge, experience, integrity,
            commitment, academic qualifications and other relevant standards of the candidates.

       4.   Nomination Policy
            In assessing the suitability of a proposed candidate, the Nomination Committee would
            consider factors including:

            (a)   reputation for integrity;

            (b)   experience in the construction machinery          industry   and/or   business   strategy,
                  management, legal and financial aspects;

            (c)   whether the proposed candidate is able to assist the Board in effective performance of its
                  responsibilities;




                                                                                                               87
88
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Corporate Governance


                    (d)   the perspectives and skills that the proposed candidate is expected to bring to the
                          Board;

                    (e)   diversity in all its aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and
                          educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;

                    (f)   commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest; and

                    (g)   in the case of selection for Independent Non-Executive Directors, the independence of
                          the proposed candidate.

                    These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive.

               5.   Board Diversity Policy
                    The Board adopted the board diversity policy (“Board Diversity Policy”) in accordance
                    with the requirement set out in the Corporate Governance Code. Such policy aims to set out
                    the approach to achieve diversity on the Board. All Board appointments shall be based on
                    meritocracy, and candidates shall be considered against objective criteria, having due regard
                    for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Selection of candidates shall be based on a range
                    of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational
                    background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate
                    decision shall be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates shall bring to
                    the Board. The Nomination Committee monitors, from time to time, the implementation of
                    the policy, and reviews, as appropriate, the policy to ensure the effectiveness of the policy.
                    The Nomination Committee will continue to give adequate consideration to these measurable
                    objectives when making recommendations of candidates for appointment to the Board.


          (III) Audit Committee
               1.   Role and responsibilities of the Audit Committee
                    The Audit committee shall give advice to the Board on the appointment, termination, fee and
                    terms of appointment of external auditors. The committee shall also oversee the internal audit
                    system of the Company. The committee shall examine the integrity and accuracy of financial
                    information and disclosure of the Company, including the financial statements, annual report and
                    accounts, interim report and quarterly report. The committee shall review the material opinions
                    regarding the financial reporting of the Company as set out in the statements and reports. The
                    committee shall review the financial control, internal control and risk management systems of the
                    Company and examine major connected transactions.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                           Corporate Governance


    2.   Composition and meetings of the Audit Committee
         In 2018, the Audit committee had three members, including two Independent Non-executive
         Directors and one Non-executive Director. The chairman of Audit committee was Ms. Liu Guiliang,
         an Independent Non-executive Director. Other members included Mr. Zhao Songzheng,
         an Independent Non-executive Director, and Mr. Hu Xinbao, a Non-executive Director. The
         composition of the Audit Committee complies with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules of Hong Kong.


         In 2018, the Audit committee held 4 meetings mainly to review the annual results for 2017,
         the interim results for 2018 of the Company and engagement of audit firm, and all members
         attended the meetings in person. The Audit Committee also reviewed the audited annual results
         of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2018. It reviewed the accounting principles
         and practices adopted by the Company and discussed on issues regarding the internal control,
         risk management and financial reporting. It has reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s risk
         management and internal control systems (including the Company’s internal audit function) for
         the year ended 31 December 2018, and considers them effective and adequate. The Board is
         satisfied that the Company has fully complied with the Corporate Governance Code in respect of
         internal controls and risk management during the year ended 31 December 2018.


                                                                                         Attendance/
                                                                                           Number of
                                                                                            meetings
                                                                                           during the
                                                                                     Reporting Period


          Ms. Liu Guiliang                                                                         4/4
          Mr. Zhao Songzheng                                                                       4/4
          Mr. Hu Xinbao                                                                            4/4



(IV) Strategy and Investment Decision-making Committee
    1.   Role and responsibilities of the Strategy and Investment Decision-making
         Committee
         The committee is mainly responsible for the formulation and provision of advice on long-term
         development strategies and major investment decisions of the Company.




                                                                                                           89
90
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Corporate Governance


                 2.   Composition and meeting of the Strategy and Investment Decision-making
                      Committee
                      In 2018, the Strategy and Investment Decision-making Committee had three members, including
                      an Executive Director, a Non-executive Director and an Independent Non-executive Director. The
                      chairman of the Strategy and Investment Decision-making Committee is Mr. Zhan Chunxin, an
                      Executive Director, and other members included Mr. Zhao John Huan and Mr. Yang Changbo.


                      In 2018, the Strategy and Investment Decision-making Committee held 2 meeting to review the
                      matters regarding Infore Environment Technology Group Co., Ltd. issuing shares to buy a 20%
                      stake in Changsha Zoomlion Environmental Industry Co., Ltd. from the Company, injecting capital
                      into the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary Zoomlion Capital Management Co., Ltd., and setting
                      up the Zoomlion Industry Fund.


                                                                                                         Attendance/
                                                                                                           Number of
                                                                                                            meetings
                                                                                                           during the
                                                                                                    Reporting Period


                           Ms. Zhan Chunxin                                                                       2/2
                           Mr. Zhao John Huan                                                                     2/2
                           Mr. Yang Changbo                                                                       2/2



     V. Remuneration and Interests of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
        Management
          (I)    Remuneration
                 The remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company for the year is
                 set out in section headed “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” in this annual
                 report.


                 Further details regarding the remuneration of the Directors and Supervisors during the year are set out
                 in note 8 to the financial statements prepared under IFRSs.


          (II)   Interests
                 Service contract of Directors and Supervisors and their contractual interests
                 The Company has not entered into any service contract with any of its Directors or Supervisors which
                 is not terminable by the Company in less than one year without payment of compensation (except
                 statutory compensation).




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                          Corporate Governance


Directors and Supervisors’ interests in contracts
None of the Directors and Supervisors of the Company, or an entity connected with a director or a
supervisor of the Company, had any material interest, whether directly or indirectly, in any transaction,
arrangement or contract of significance subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year of
2018.


Directors, Supervisors and senior management’s interests in shares or debentures
The Directors, Supervisors and senior management’s interests in shares of the Company as at
31 December 2018 are set out in Section “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees”
in this annual report.


Directors, Supervisors and senior management’s interests or short positions in
securities of the Company or its associated corporations under Hong Kong laws and
regulations
As at 31 December 2018 the Directors, Supervisors and senior management who have interest or
a short position in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or associated
corporation (as defined in Part XV of Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which are recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or required to
be disclosed to the Company and SEHK pursuant to the Appendix X to the Listing Rules of Hong Kong
“Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers” (the “Model Code”) were as
follows:


                                                                                                              Percentage of
                                                                                                             the total share
  Name of                                                                             Number of                capital of the
                                                                                                 (1)
  Directors/Supervisors          Nature of interest             Class of shares         shares               same class (%)


  Zhan Chunxin                   Beneficiary owner              A Share            8,040,556 (L)                     0.1252
                                 Interest in a controlled
                                     corporation(2)             H share           52,500,000 (L)                        3.78
  Liu Quan                       Beneficiary owner              A Share            1,068,052 (L)                     0.0166
  Liu Chi                        Beneficiary owner              A Share              379,211 (L)                     0.0059


Note:

(1)     L represents long position


(2)	Such interest is being held by Fair Sun (Hong Kong) Holdings Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hunan Fangsheng Company
        Limited, which in turn is controlled by Zhan Chunxin.




                                                                                                                                  91
92
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Corporate Governance


               As at 31 December 2018, save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, Supervisors or chief
               executive officer has any interest or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of
               the Company or any of its associated corporations within the meaning of Part XV of SFO) which will be
               required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or which
               will be required to be notified to the Company and SEHK pursuant to the Model Code set out in the
               Listing Rules of Hong Kong.


               As at 31 December 2018, none of the Directors, Supervisors, or chief executive officers or their
               respective spouse or children under 18 years of age has any rights to acquire the shares or debentures
               of the Company or any of its associated corporations, nor exercise any of these rights.


               Dealings in securities by Directors and Supervisors
               The Company has adopted the Model Code to regulate the dealing in shares of the Company by
               Directors. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors and Supervisors, all Directors and Supervisors
               confirmed that they had complied with the Model Code during 2018. The Company was not aware of
               any non-compliance of Model Code during the reporting period.


     VI. Auditors
          Baker Tilly China Certified Public Accountants and KPMG, respectively, were the domestic and international
          auditors of the Company for 2018.


          These two audit firms provide audit services for the Company on its financial statements and other non-
          audit services, included the audit of the Company’s annual financial statements of 2018, the review of interim
          financial report, internal control audit and the audits of subsidiaries’ statutory financial statements, relevant
          financial consultation and due diligence investigation. The aggregate audit fees paid to these two audit firms
          were RMB13.06 million.


          All Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the Group’s financial statements for the year
          ended 31 December 2018. Baker Tilly China Certified Public Accountants and KPMG, the domestic and
          international auditors of the Company respectively, acknowledge reporting responsibilities in the auditor’s
          reports on the Group’s financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018.


     VII. Trainings for Company Secretary
          Shen Ke, the Company Secretary, confirmed that he has received no less than 15 hours of relevant
          professional trainings in 2018. Shen Ke ceased to be the Company’s company secretary with effect from
          29 March 2019. On the same date, Mr Yang Duzhi was appointed as the Company’s company secretary
          and Ms Tai Chi Shan Psyche was appointed as his assistant in the discharge of his duties.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                   Corporate Governance


VIII. Performance Appraisal and Award System of Senior Management
   The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board is responsible for formulating and reviewing
   remuneration schemes and proposals of the Company, mainly including the performance evaluation criteria
   and procedures, the major appraisal system, the major award and penalty schemes and systems, based
   on the terms of reference, responsibilities and importance of the respective positions held by the senior
   management and the remuneration levels of the relevant positions in the industry. It is also accountable for
   the establishment of the appraisal standards for senior management of the Company, the review of their
   performance of duties, and the annual performance appraisal in accordance with the appraisal standards and
   remuneration policies and schemes of the Company.


   The Board of the Company determined the remuneration standards of senior management for the year
   pursuant to the unified remuneration management system and the annual performance assessment
   conducted by the remuneration and assessment committee of the Board. In 2018, remuneration of
   senior management was in compliance with the remuneration management system of the Company. The
   remuneration was not in violation or inconsistent with the remuneration management system.


IX. Control on Appraisal and Award System
   The Company determines the remuneration and compensation of the employees based on their respective
   function, position and performance. The performance and work efficiency of the employees are assessed
   to determine if they shall be awarded. The appraisal criteria and award mechanism are fair and open. The
   appointment of employees is conducted in an open and transparent manner and is in compliance with the
   relevant laws and regulations.


X. Relationship with Shareholders and Investors
   (I)   Shareholders
         The annual general meeting is considered as an important annual event of the Company. The Directors,
         Supervisors and senior management have attended the meetings and answered enquires from
         shareholders to maintain direct communication with shareholders.


         Shareholders’ right to convene an extraordinary general meeting and a meeting of
         shareholders of a particular class
         According to the Articles of Association of the Company, shareholders individually or in aggregate
         holding 10% or more of the shares of the Company shall have the right to make a written request to the
         Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting or class meeting. The Board shall reply in writing on
         whether agree or not to convene an extraordinary general meeting or class meeting within 10 days after
         receiving the request in accordance with laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association.




                                                                                                                      93
94
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Corporate Governance


               Where the Board agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting or class meeting, a notice
               convening such meeting shall be issued within five days after the resolution made by the Board. Any
               change to the original proposal in the notice is subject to the approval by relevant shareholders. Once
               the notice is issued, the Board may not propose new motions or change or postpone the date of such
               meeting without obtaining approval from the proposing shareholders.


               Where the Board does not agree to convene an extraordinary general meeting or class meeting or fails
               to give response within 10 days after receiving the request, shareholders individually or in aggregate
               holding 10% or more of the shares of the Company are entitled to make a written request to the
               Supervisory Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting or class meeting.


               Where the Supervisory Board agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting or class meeting, a
               notice convening such meeting shall be issued within five days after receiving the request. Any change
               to the original proposal in the notice is subject to the approval by the relevant shareholders.


               Where the Supervisory Board fails to issue a notice convening such meeting within the prescribed
               period, the Supervisory Board is deemed not to convene or preside over the general meeting and
               shareholders individually or in aggregate holding 10% or more of the shares of the Company for over 90
               consecutive days may convene and preside over the general meeting.

               Where the proposing shareholders convene and hold a meeting because the Board and the Supervisory
               Board fail to convene such meeting pursuant to a request as mentioned above, the reasonable
               expenses incurred by such shareholders shall be borne by the Company and shall be deducted from
               the sums owed by the Company to the negligent directors.


               Shareholders’ right to propose resolutions at general meetings
               According to the Articles of Association of the Company, any shareholders who hold, individually or
               in aggregate, 3% or more of shares of the Company shall have the right to propose a new resolution.
               The matters within the scope of authority of the general meeting in the proposal shall be included in the
               agenda.


               Any shareholders who hold, individually or in aggregate, 3% or more of the shares of the Company shall
               have the right to propose and submit interim proposals in writing to the convener 10 days prior to the
               convening of a general meeting. The convener shall issue a supplementary notice of general meeting
               containing the details of the interim proposals within 2 days after receiving the proposal.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                  Corporate Governance


          Please refer to the Articles of Association of the Company for details of the rights of
          shareholders.
          Shareholders may send their enquiries or suggestions in writing by post to the Board or the Company
          Secretary at the registered addresses of the Company or by email to the Company. In addition, if the
          shareholders have any enquiry regarding their shares or dividends, they may contact Computershare
          Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, the H Share registrar of the Company. The contact information is
          set out in the “Company Profile” in this annual report.


   (II)   Investors
          The Company is dedicated to the development of investor relationship. It maintains close
          relationship with its investors through telephone hotline, email and direct contact.

          Looking forward, the Company will enhance the communication with investors so as to increase
          their understanding about the Company and to seek their continuous support and concern.


XI. Stakeholders
   The Company fully respects and protects legal rights of the stakeholders such as creditors, employees
   and consumers. It also attaches importance to the cooperation with its stakeholders, which helps to jointly
   promote sustainable and healthy development of the Company.


XII. Connected Transactions
   All connected transactions of the Company were conducted in a fair and reasonable way under proper
   decision-making process. The decision making procedures were in compliance with laws and regulations.
   The considerations of transaction were determined on the basis of market rates and the basis of
   determination was fully disclosed. The Company has strictly complied with the relevant regulations on
   connected transactions under the Listing Rules of Hong Kong since its listing in Hong Kong.


XIII. Information Disclosure and Transparency
   The secretary to the Board is responsible for disclosing information, receiving shareholders visits and
   answering enquiries. The Company is required to disclose relevant information in a true, accurate, complete
   and timely manner, maintain good relationship with investors and ensure all shareholders received information
   equally pursuant to the laws, regulations and requirements of the Articles of Association. The Company is
   cautious about the accuracy of the information disclosed and the relevant officer will be held responsible for
   any disclosure of inaccurate information. The Company has further improved the quality and transparency
   of information disclosure in the annual report. The Company also implemented the Management System for
   Information Insider and External Information User (內幕信息知情人和外部信息使用人管理制度).




                                                                                                                    95
96
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Corporate Governance


     XIV. Remuneration and Retirement Benefits of Employees
          The remuneration package of our employees includes salary, bonuses and allowances. Our employees
          also enjoy medical insurance, housing subsidies, retirement pension and other benefits. The Company
          participated in the social insurance scheme administrated by relevant government authorities pursuant to
          applicable regulations. Under the scheme, the Company is required to contribute social insurance for the staff
          at specific proportion of the monthly salary of the staff.


          Details of staff welfare benefits offered by the Company are set out in note 27 to the financial statements
          prepared under IFRSs.


     XV. Dividend Policy
          The Company seeks to maintain a balance between meeting Shareholders’ expectations and prudent capital
          management with a sustainable dividend policy. The Company’s dividend policy aims to allow Shareholders
          to participate in the Company’s profit and for the Company to retain adequate reserves for future growth.
          In proposing any dividend payout, the Company would consider various factors including the Company’s
          actual and expected financial performance, general economic and financial conditions, business cycle of
          the Company and other internal or external factors that may have an impact on the business or financial
          performance and position of the Company; and the Company’s future expansion plan.




     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                              Independent Auditor’s Report



To the shareholders of Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
(Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China)



Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology
Co., Ltd. (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 106 to 248 which comprise
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018, the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow
statement for the year then ended and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of
significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2018 and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for
the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in
accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) together with any
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in the People’s
Republic of China, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements
and the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion.




                                                                                                                    97
98
     2 0 1 8 Annual Report




     Independent Auditor’s Report


     Key audit matters
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
     our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
     not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


      Revenue recognition on sale of construction machinery
      Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 152 to 154.

      The Key Audit Matter                           How the matter was addressed in our audit
      The Group’s revenue is principally derived     Our audit procedures to assess the recognition of revenue
      from the sale of construction machinery        on sale of construction machinery included the following:
      and agricultural machinery to a significant
      number of customers.                           •     obtaining an understanding of and assessing the
                                                           design, implementation and operating effectiveness of
      Revenue of construction machinery is                 management’s key internal controls in relation to revenue
      recognised when the Group satisfies the              recognition from sales of construction machinery;
      performance obligation by transferring
      the control over products promised in the      •     inspecting key customer contracts to identify
      contract with customer, which is the point           performance obligations and terms and conditions
      of time when a customer accepts the                  relating to goods acceptance and the right of return;
      machinery and signs on the goods delivery            assessing whether the revenue is recognised when a
      note.                                                performance obligation is satisfied; assessing whether
                                                           the payment terms indicate a significant financing
      Sales of construction machinery contributed          component and assessing the Group’s revenue
      more than 90% of the Group’s revenue for             recognition policies with reference to the requirements
      the year ended 31 December 2018.                     of the prevailing accounting standards;

      We identified revenue recognition on sale      •     comparing, on a sample basis, revenue transactions
      of construction machinery as a key audit             recorded during the year with the underlying goods
      matter because revenue is one of the key             delivery and acceptance notes to assess whether the
      performance indicators of the Group and              related revenue was recognised in accordance with the
      therefore there may be an incentive for              Group’s accounting policies;
      management to advance or delay the timing
      of revenue recognition to the incorrect        •     comparing, on a sample basis, specific revenue
      accounting period to meet performance                transactions recorded before and after the financial
      expectations or targets, and also because            year end date with the underlying goods delivery and
      the Group’s construction machinery has               acceptance notes to assess whether the related revenue
      a variety of sales model and payment                 had been recognised in the appropriate financial period;
      methods, including long-term payment,
      finance lease or guarantee arrangement,        •     inspecting relevant underlying documentation for
      which is more susceptible to misstatement.           journal entries relating to revenue raised during the
                                                           year which were considered to be material or met other
                                                           specific risk-based criteria; and

                                                     •     obtaining external confirmation of, on a sample basis,
                                                           debtor balances as at the financial year end directly
                                                           with customers.


     Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report


Loss allowance for trade debtors
Refer to Notes 18, 19 and 31(b)(ii) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on
pages 119 to 125 and pages 138 to 145.

The Key Audit Matter                           How the matter was addressed in our audit

Trade debtors include trade receivables        Our audit procedures to assess the loss allowance for trade
and receivables under finance lease            debtors included the following:
arrangements. As of 31 December 2018,
the Group’s gross trade receivables and        •    Obtaining an understanding of and assessing the
gross receivables under finance lease               design, implementation and operating effectiveness of
arrangements totalled RMB28,497 million             management’s key internal controls relating to credit
and RMB14,158 million, respectively,                control, segmentation of customer groups for trade
against     which    loss    allowance of           debtors and customer credit risk assessment, estimate
RMB 5,912 million and RMB1,667 million,             of expected credit loss and making of related loss
respectively, were recorded.                        allowance;

Under IFRS 9, management measures loss         •    Obtaining an understanding of the key data and
allowance at an amount equal to lifetime            assumptions adopted by the management in the
expected credit loss, which takes into              expected credit loss model, including the basis of
account loss given default, probability of          segmentation of the trade debtors based on customer
default, and forward-looking information.           credit risk characteristics, historical default data, and
According to the past experience of the             the assumptions involved in management’s estimated
Group, the credit loss patterns of different        loss rates;
customer groups are significantly different.
The Group clusters customers into customer     •    Assessing the reasonableness of management’s loss
groups based on a number of factors                 allowance estimates by examining the information used
including their ownership background                by management to form such judgements, including
and financial strength, and the industries          testing the accuracy of the historical default data
in which they operate, etc. The Group               and evaluating whether the historical loss rates are
estimates loss allowance for trade debtors          appropriately adjusted based on current economic
for each of the customer groups with similar        conditions and forward-looking information;
loss patterns.
                                               •    Assessing whether items were correctly categorised in
We identified the loss allowance for trade          the trade debtors aging report by comparing a sample
debtors as a key audit matter because trade         of individual items with the underlying goods delivery
debtors and loss allowance are material             notes, sales invoices and other relevant underlying
to the Group’s financial statements and             documentation; and
because the recognition of expected credit
loss is inherently subjective and requires     •    Recalculating the loss allowance to assess if this is
significant management judgement.                   consistent with the Group policies on a sample basis.




                                                                                                                99
100
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Independent Auditor’s Report


       Valuation of reprocessed machinery
       Refer to Notes 16 and 35(c) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on page 146.

       The Key Audit Matter                              How the matter was addressed in our audit

       The Group’s reprocessed machinery is              Our audit procedures to assess the valuation of reprocessed
       stated at the lower of its carrying value and     machinery included the following:
       its net realisable value at the reporting date.
                                                         •    obtaining an understanding of and assessing the
       Reprocessed machinery is normally subject              design, implementation and operating effectiveness of
       to rebuilding and is expected to be either             management’s key internal controls in relation to the
       resold or leased to third parties under                management and valuation of reprocessed machinery;
       operating leases. However, due to the time
       required for rebuilding and the complicated       •    obtaining an understanding of management’s
       revision procedures for vehicle registration           methodology for estimating the net realisable
       after reprocessing, reprocessed machinery              value of reprocessed machinery and challenging
       tends to remain longer in inventories than             the methodology and significant judgements and
       newly produced finished goods, which                   assumptions adopted by comparison with industry
       increases the risk of diminution in value that         averages, market conditions and historical sales
       require management to make provisions.                 records;

       Management judgement is required                  •    comparing the estimated selling prices adopted by
       when assessing the net realisable value                management with the latest actual selling prices
       of reprocessed machinery, particularly                 for all models of reprocessed machinery and other
       in forecasting future selling prices, the              observable market information, which included pricing
       expected costs to be incurred to complete              strategies of competitors, market trends and available
       the reprocessing activities, selling expenses          sector statistics, which may impact the selling prices of
       and the time value of money.                           reprocessed machinery; and

       We identified assessing the valuation of          •    assessing the net realisable value calculated by
       reprocessed machinery as a key audit                   management for all models of reprocessed machinery
       matter because of the inherent risk that               by referring to the latest actual selling prices for
       some reprocessed machinery may be                      similar types of machinery and the actual incurred
       carried at a value higher than its net                 costs for completion of the reprocessing, including
       realisable value and because of the                    refurbishment costs and the costs necessary to make
       significant management judgement required              the sale, including freight costs, to assess whether any
       in forecasting future market conditions and            further write-down of reprocessed machinery should be
       selling prices which could be subject to               recorded.
       potential management bias.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                     Independent Auditor’s Report


Assessing potential impairment of goodwill and trademarks
Refer to Notes 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on page 133,
pages 136 to 137 and pages 145 to 146.

The Key Audit Matter                             How the matter was addressed in our audit

As at 31 December 2018, the aggregate            Our audit procedures to assess the potential impairment of
carrying value of the Group’s goodwill and       goodwill and trademarks included the following:
trademarks with an indefinite useful life
totalled RMB3,270 million which represented      •    assessing and challenging management’s impairment
3.5% of the total assets of the Group at the          assessment models and the allocation of goodwill
reporting date.                                       and trademarks to relevant CGUs, which included
                                                      assessing whether the impairment assessment models
These assets have been recognised in the              were prepared in accordance with the requirements of
consolidated statement of financial position          the prevailing accounting standards;
as a result of the acquisitions of various
businesses in previous years.                    •    comparing the most significant inputs used in the
                                                      discounted cash flow forecasts, including future
Management performs annual impairment                 revenue growth rates, future operating margins,
assessments of the cash-generating                    future changes in working capital and future capital
units (“CGUs”) to which goodwill and                  expenditure with the historical performance of the
trademarks have been allocated to estimate            relevant CGUs; and
their recoverable amounts by preparing
discounted cash flow forecasts. This             •    comparing forecast revenue, operating margins and
involves significant management judgement             capital expenditure in the discounted cash flows
and estimation, particularly in estimating the        forecasts with the Group’s the approved financial
following :                                           budget;

•    future revenue growth rates;                •    comparing forecast sales volumes with publicly
                                                      available market forecasts, assessing the expected
•    future operating margins; and                    operating margin with reference to the trends for
                                                      selling prices and forecast steel and labour costs and
•    the discount rates applied.                      assessing whether forecast capital expenditure was
                                                      consistent with the Group’s plans for asset retirement
We identified assessing potential impairment          and replacement in the forecast period;
of goodwill and trademarks as a key audit
matter because of the inherent level of          •    engaging our internal valuation specialists to assist us
complex and subjective management                     in assessing the discount rates applied in the cash flow
judgement required in assessing the variable          forecasts by benchmarking against other comparable
factors and assumptions in the valuation              companies in the same industry;
process and because of the potential for
management bias in considering the variable
factors and assumptions.




                                                                                                                 101
102
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Independent Auditor’s Report


       Assessing potential impairment of goodwill and trademarks
       Refer to Notes 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on page 133,
       pages 136 to 137 and pages 145 to 146.

       The Key Audit Matter                          How the matter was addressed in our audit

                                                     •    performing sensitivity analyses of the key assumptions
                                                          adopted in the discounted cashflow forecasts,
                                                          including the discount rates and future revenue growth
                                                          rates, and considering the resulting impact on the
                                                          impairment assessments and whether there were any
                                                          indicators of potential management bias; and

                                                     •    considering the disclosures in the consolidated
                                                          financial statements in respect of the impairment
                                                          assessment of goodwill and trademarks, including
                                                          the key assumptions adopted, with reference to the
                                                          requirements of the prevailing accounting standards.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                     Independent Auditor’s Report


Information other than the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s
report thereon
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information
included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                                                    103
104
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Independent Auditor’s Report


      Auditor’s responsibility for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
      a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
      that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not
      assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
      accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
      from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
      expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
      statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
      skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
           due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
           evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
           material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
           collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
           that are appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
           effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

      •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
           estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

      •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
           and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
           conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
           conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
           the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
           to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
           auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
           going concern.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report


•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
     the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
     and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
     business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
     are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely
     responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Tse, Wong Pui.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

29 March 2019




                                                                                                                        105
106
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Consolidated Statement of
      Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2018
      (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                      2018        2017
                                                                                     RMB          RMB
                                                                          Note     millions   millions (i)


       Continuing operations:
       Revenue                                                                 3    28,697      20,608
       Cost of sales and services                                                  (20,923)    (16,303)


       Gross profit                                                                  7,774       4,305


       Other income                                                            4       882          259


       Sales and marketing expenses                                                 (2,379)      (2,180)
       General and administrative expenses                                          (2,063)    (10,487)
       Research and development expenses                                              (581)        (277)


       Profit/(loss) from operations                                                 3,633       (8,380)


       Net finance costs                                                   5(a)     (1,205)      (1,443)
       Share of profits less losses of associates                                      222          110


       Profit/(loss) before taxation                                           5     2,650       (9,713)


       Income tax                                                              6      (682)      1,425


       Profit/(loss) from continuing operations                                      1,968       (8,288)


       Discontinued operation:
       Profit from discontinued operation                                      7        —        9,546


       Profit for the year                                                           1,968       1,258




      The notes on pages 115 to 248 form part of these financial statements.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
          Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                                               (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                     2018                2017
                                                                                     RMB                  RMB
                                                                    Note         millions            millions (i)


 Profit/(loss) attributable to:
   Equity shareholders of the Company
   — continuing operations                                                          2,031               (8,212)
   — discontinued operation                                                             —                9,554


                                                                                    2,031                1,342


   Non-controlling interests
   — continuing operations                                                             (63)                 (76)
   — discontinued operation                                                             —                     (8)


                                                                                       (63)                 (84)


 Profit for the year                                                                1,968                1,258


 Basic earnings/(losses) per share (cents)                           10
   — continuing operations                                                          26.60              (107.46)
   — discontinued operation                                                             —              125.02


                                                                                    26.60                17.56


 Diluted earnings/(losses) per share (cents)                             10
   — continuing operations                                                          26.41              (107.46)
   — discontinued operation                                                             —              125.02


                                                                                    26.41                17.56




The notes on pages 115 to 248 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                    107
108
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2018
      (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                                                                     2018                   2017
                                                                                                                                    RMB                     RMB
                                                                                                            Note                millions                millions (i)


            Profit for the year                                                                                                     1,968                  1,258

            Other comprehensive income for the year (after tax)
            Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
              Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive
               income — net movement in fair value reserve (non-recycling)                                                             (71)                     —

            Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
              Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
               subsidiaries outside mainland PRC                                                                                     (155)                    408
              Available-for-sale securities: net movement in
               fair value reserve (recycling) (ii)                                                                                      —                       45

            Total other comprehensive income for the year                                                                            (226)                    453

            Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                 1,742                  1,711

            Total comprehensive income attributable to:
              Equity shareholders of the Company
              — continuing operations                                                                                               1,805                  (7,810)
              — discontinued operation                                                                                                  —                  9,575

                                                                                                                                    1,805                  1,765

              Non-controlling interests
              — continuing operations                                                                                                  (63)                    (61)
              — discontinued operation                                                                                                  —                        7

                                                                                                                                       (63)                    (54)


            Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                 1,742                  1,711


      Notes:

      (i)       The Group has initially applied IFRS 15 and IFRS 9 at 1 January 2018. Under the transition methods chosen, comparative information is not
                restated. See Note 1(d).
      (ii)      This amount arose under the accounting policies applicable prior to 1 January 2018. As part of the opening balance adjustments as at
                1 January 2018 the balance of this reserve has been reclassified to fair value reserve (non-recycling) and will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                in any future periods. See Note 1(d)(i).


      The notes on pages 115 to 248 form part of these financial statements.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                             Consolidated Statement of
                                                     Financial Position                At 31 December 2018
                                                                                         (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                               2018                2017
                                                                              RMB                  RMB
                                                                            millions             millions
                                                                    Note                           (Note)


 Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                                      11       6,077               6,274
  Lease prepayments                                                           1,943               1,935
  Intangible assets                                                  12       2,153               2,250
  Goodwill                                                           13       2,046               2,088
  Interests in associates                                            14       3,500               3,123
  Other financial assets                                             15       2,379               2,154
  Trade and other receivables                                        18       5,498               4,106
  Receivables under finance lease                                    19       3,656               1,870
  Pledged bank deposits                                              20         129                  60
  Deferred tax assets                                               26(b)     1,276               1,358

 Total non-current assets                                                    28,657              25,218

 Current assets
  Inventories                                                        16       9,551               8,886
  Other current assets                                                        1,097                 897
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              17      13,787               6,323
  Trade and other receivables                                        18      21,554              22,661
  Receivables under finance lease                                    19       8,835              10,931
  Pledged bank deposits                                              20       1,184               1,048
  Cash and cash equivalents                                          21       8,754               7,148

 Total current assets                                                        64,762              57,894


 Total assets                                                                93,419              83,112

 Current liabilities
  Loans and borrowings                                              22(a)    22,044               9,348
  Trade and other payables                                           23      15,786              14,992
  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                     40                  —
  Contract liabilities                                               24       1,602                  —
  Income tax payable                                                26(a)       151                 148

 Total current liabilities                                                   39,623              24,488


 Net current assets                                                          25,139              33,406

 Total assets less current liabilities                                       53,796              58,624
The notes on pages 115 to 248 form part of these financial statements.



                                                                                                              109
110
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At 31 December 2018
      (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                                                       2018                  2017
                                                                                                                       RMB                   RMB
                                                                                                                   millions               millions
                                                                                                 Note                                        (Note)


       Non-current liabilities
          Loans and borrowings                                                                   22(b)               13,645                19,296
          Deferred tax liabilities                                                               26(b)                   429                  485
          Other non-current liabilities                                                           28                     991                  653


       Total non-current liabilities                                                                                 15,065                20,434


       NET ASSETS                                                                                                    38,731                38,190


       CAPITAL AND RESERVES
          Share capital                                                                          29(a)                7,809                 7,794
          Reserves                                                                                                   30,355                29,746


       Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                                               38,164                37,540


       Non-controlling interests                                                                                         567                  650


       TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                                  38,731                38,190


      Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 29 March 2019.




                           Zhan Chunxin                                                                   Du Yigang
                 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer                                                    Vice-president



      Note: The Group has initially applied IFRS 15 and IFRS 9 at 1 January 2018. Under the transition methods chosen, comparative information is not
            restated. See Note 1(d).




      The notes on pages 115 to 248 form part of these financial statements.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                         Consolidated Statement of
                                                                 Changes in Equity                                        For the year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                                                                                                (Expressed in RMB)



                                                                     Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                        Fair value
                                                               Statutory                    Fair value     reserve                                  Non-
                                          Share    Capital       surplus Exchange             reserve         (non-   Other Retained          controlling   Total
                                         capital   reserve       reserve       reserve (recycling) recycling) reserves earnings        Total    interests equity
                                           RMB        RMB           RMB            RMB            RMB          RMB      RMB     RMB     RMB         RMB      RMB
                                        millions   millions     millions       millions       millions    millions millions millions millions    millions millions
                                          (Note      (Note         (Note          (Note          (Note       (Note     (Note
                                    Note 29(a))    29(b)(i))    29(b)(ii))    29(b)(iii))    29(b)(iv))   29(b)(v))   29(b))


 Balance at 31 December 2017               7,794    12,708        2,964       (1,084)         44           —         21     15,093    37,540         650     38,190

 Impact on initial application of
   IFRS 9                           1(d)      —          —           —            —          (44)         43         —         (65)      (66)         (13)      (79)

 Adjusted balance at 1 January
   2018                                    7,794    12,708        2,964       (1,084)         —           43         21     15,028    37,474         637     38,111

 Changes in equity for 2018
  Profit for the year                         —          —           —            —           —            —         —       2,031     2,031          (63)    1,968
  Other comprehensive income                  —          —           —          (155)         —           (55)       —         (16)     (226)          —       (226)

 Total comprehensive income                   —          —           —          (155)         —           (55)       —       2,015     1,805          (63)    1,742
 Appropriation for surplus reserve            —          —          369           —           —            —         —        (369)       —            —         —
 Cash dividends                    29(c)      —          31          —            —           —            —         —      (1,556)   (1,525)          —     (1,525)
 Dividends declared by
   subsidiaries to non-
   controlling interests                      —          —           —            —           —            —         —          —         —           (11)      (11)
 Share incentive scheme
   — Share option scheme            25        —          48          —            —           —            —         —          —        48            —        48
   — Restricted share scheme        25        15        342          —            —           —            —         —          —       357            —       357
 Equity pick up of capital
   reserve change in an
   associate                                  —           5          —            —           —            —         —          —          5           —          5
 Contribution from non-controlling
   shareholders in a subsidiary               —          —           —            —           —            —         —          —         —             6         6
 Acquisition of non-controlling
   interests in a subsidiary                  —          —           —            —           —            —         —          —         —            (2)       (2)
 Safety production fund            29(d)      —          —           —            —           —            —         12        (12)       —            —         —

 Balance at 31 December 2018               7,809    13,134        3,333       (1,239)         —           (12)       33     15,106    38,164         567     38,731




The notes on pages 115 to 248 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                       111
112
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Consolidated Statement of changes in equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2018
      (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                 Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                    Fair value
                                                                           Statutory                    Fair value     reserve                                  Non-
                                                  Share       Capital        surplus Exchange             reserve         (non-   Other Retained          controlling   Total
                                                 capital      reserve        reserve       reserve (recycling) recycling) reserves earnings        Total    interests equity
                                                   RMB           RMB            RMB            RMB            RMB          RMB      RMB     RMB     RMB         RMB      RMB
                                                millions      millions      millions       millions       millions    millions millions millions millions    millions millions
                                                  (Note         (Note          (Note          (Note          (Note       (Note    (Note
                                            Note 29(a))       29(b)(i))     29(b)(ii))    29(b)(iii))    29(b)(iv))   29(b)(v))   29(b))


       Balance at 1 January 2017                     7,664     12,695         2,938       (1,462)         (1)          —         15     14,924     36,773        982    37,755

       Changes in equity for 2017
        Profit for the year                             —           —            —           —            —            —         —       1,342      1,342        (84)    1,258
        Other comprehensive income                      —           —            —          378           45           —         —          —         423         30       453

       Total comprehensive income                       —           —            —          378           45           —         —       1,342      1,765        (54)    1,711
       Appropriation for surplus reserve                —           —            26          —            —            —         —          (26)       —          —         —
       Cash dividends                        29(c)      —           —            —           —            —            —         —      (1,141)    (1,141)        —     (1,141)
       Repurchase of own shares               29       (39)       (131)          —           —            —            —         —           —       (170)        —       (170)
       Dividends declared by
          subsidiaries to non-controlling
          interests                                     —           —            —            —           —            —         —          —          —         (11)      (11)
       Share incentive scheme                 25
          — Share option scheme                        —             9           —            —           —            —         —          —          9          —         9
          — Restricted share scheme                   169         (133)          —            —           —            —         —          —         36          —        36
       Acquisition of non-controlling
          interests in a subsidiary                     —            (7)         —            —           —            —         —          —          (7)         5        (2)
       Contribution from non-controlling
          shareholders in a subsidiary                  —           —            —            —           —            —         —          —         —            1         1
       Disposal of interests in subsidiaries 7          —          265           —            —           —            —         —          —        265        (273)       (8)
       Dilution of interest in an associate             —           10           —            —           —            —         —          —         10          —        10
       Safety production fund                29(d)      —           —            —            —           —            —         6          (6)       —           —        —

       Balance at 31 December 2017                   7,794     12,708         2,964       (1,084)         44           —         21     15,093     37,540        650    38,190


      Note: The Group has initially applied IFRS 15 and IFRS 9 at 1 January 2018. Under the transition methods chosen, comparative information is not
              restated. See Note 1(d).




      The notes on pages 115 to 248 form part of these financial statements.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                              For the year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                                               (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                     2018                2017
                                                                                     RMB                  RMB
                                                                                 millions              millions
                                                                    Note                                (Note)


 Operating activities


 Profit before taxation                                                             2,650                1,252
 Adjustments for:
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                      585                  691
   Amortisation of lease prepayments                                                    50                  56
   Amortisation of intangible assets                                                  202                  221
   Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment                                      1                 149
   Share of profits less losses of associates                                         (222)                (90)
   Gain on sale of 20% equity interest in Changsha Zoomlion
    Environmental Industry Co., Ltd.                                     4            (148)                 —
   Interest income                                                   5(a)             (347)               (398)
   Interest expense                                                  5(a)           1,451                1,488
   Gain on repurchase of guaranteed USD senior notes               22(b)(v)             (4)                 —
   Gain on sale of 80% equity interest in Changsha Zoomlion
    Environmental Industry Co., Ltd.                                     7              —              (10,738)
   Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment,
    intangible assets and lease prepayments                              4              (4)                (25)
   Net realised and unrealised gains on financial assets at FVPL         4            (503)                (32)
   Dividend income from financial assets measured at FVOCI               4             (32)                 —
   Impairment loss on goodwill                                                          50                  24
   Share incentive scheme expenses                                   5(b)             267                   45


                                                                                    3,996               (7,357)


   (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                 (108)              3,560
   (Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                               (1,471)              1,639
   Decrease in receivables under finance lease                                        228                1,236
   Increase in contract liabilities                                                 1,602                   —
   Increase in trade and other payables                                               901                3,602


 Cash generated from operations                                                     5,148                2,680
   Income tax paid                                                                    (431)               (227)


 Net cash generated from operating activities carried forward                       4,717                2,453


The notes on pages 115 to 248 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                    113
114
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
      For the year ended 31 December 2018
      (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                                                          2018                  2017
                                                                                                                          RMB                   RMB
                                                                                                                       millions               millions
                                                                                                     Note                                      (Note)

           Net cash generated from operating activities brought forward                                                   4,717                 2,453

           Investing activities
             Payment for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                         (370)                 (321)
             Lease prepayments                                                                                              (58)                 (287)
             Payment for purchase of intangible assets                                                                     (103)                 (156)
             Payment for investments in associates                                                                           (4)                    (8)
             Payment for financial assets at FVOCI                                                                          (90)                 (350)
             Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVOCI                                                            127                    —
             Payment for financial assets at FVPL                                                                       (38,414)               (6,260)
             Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVPL                                                          31,394                    35
             Net proceeds from sale of 80% equity interest in Changsha Zoomlion
              Environmental Industry Co., Ltd.                                                         7                      —                10,428
             Proceeds from disposal of interest in an associate                                                               —                     6
             Dividends from an associate                                                                                       4                    5
             Dividends from financial assets at FVOCI                                                  4                      32                   —
             Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment,
              intangible assets and lease prepayments                                                                         98                   248
             Proceeds from settlement of foreign currency derivatives                                                         —                     23
             Interest received                                                                                               347                   398
             (Increase)/decrease in pledged bank deposits                                                                   (205)                  275

           Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                                         (7,242)               4,036

           Financing activities
             Proceeds from loans and borrowings                                                      21                  22,205                16,518
             Repayments of loans and borrowings                                                      21                 (15,063)              (17,257)
             Repayments of guaranteed USD senior notes                                             22(b)(v)                (325)                (2,703)
             Proceeds from issuance of restricted shares                                             25                      37                    386
             Payment for forfeit of restricted shares                                                25                      (9)                     —
             Interest paid                                                                                               (1,428)                (1,527)
             Dividends paid to equity shareholders                                                                       (1,308)                (1,141)
             Dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                                    (11)                    (11)
             Contributions from non-controlling shareholders                                                                  6                        1
             Payment for acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                            (2)                      (2)
             Payment on repurchase of own shares                                                                             —                    (170)

           Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                                         4,102                (5,906)

           Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                      1,577                    583

           Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                                 7,148                 6,575

           Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                                            29                    (10)

           Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                   21                  8,754                 7,148

          Note: The Group has initially applied IFRS 15 and IFRS 9 at 1 January 2018. Under the transition methods chosen, comparative information is not
                restated. See Note 1(d).

      The notes on pages 115 to 248 form part of these financial statements.

      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                       Notes to the consolidated
                                            financial statements                  For the year ended 31 December 2018




1   Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
    (a)   Principal activities of reporting entity
          Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
          (collectively, referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged in the research, development,
          manufacturing and sale of construction machinery and agricultural machinery, as well as the
          provision of finance lease services. Before the sale of 80% equity interest in the environmental
          industry in June 2017, it was also engaged in the manufacturing and sales of environmental
          sanitation equipment, and the provision of environmental solutions.


    (b)   Organisation
          The Company was incorporated in the People’s Republic of China on 31 August 1999 by six
          founding shareholders with registered and issued share capital of 100 million ordinary shares with a
          par value of RMB1 per share. Upon the Company’s incorporation, Construction Machinery Research
          Institute of Changsha, the Ministry of Construction (“Research Institute”), a state-owned entity, held
          74.7% equity interest in the Company and the other five founding shareholders held 25.3% equity
          interest in the Company in aggregate. These founding shareholders are hereinafter referred to as the
          non-public shareholders.

          On 12 October 2000, the Company completed an initial public offering of 50 million newly issued
          A Shares with a par value of RMB1 per share to public shareholders in the Shenzhen Stock
          Exchange of China (“SZSE”). Upon the initial public offering, the public shareholders owned 33.3%
          of the equity interest in the Company. The equity interest of Research Institute and the other five
          non-public shareholders in the Company was then reduced to 49.8% and 16.9%, respectively.

          During the years from 2001 to 2009, the Company completed several stock splits in the form of
          bonus shares to achieve wider distribution and improve marketability of the ordinary shares. As a
          result, the Company’s share capital increased from RMB150 million to RMB1,673 million.

          In July 2006, the public shareholders accepted the share reform proposal offered by the non-public
          shareholders whereby the non-public shareholders transferred a total of 54 million A Shares to the
          public shareholders, in exchange for the approval for the listing of all shares held by the non-public
          shareholders. After the share transfer, the equity interest in the Company held by Research Institute
          and the other five non-public shareholders was reduced from 49.8% and 16.9% to 41.9% and
          14.1%, respectively, while the public shareholders’ equity interest in the Company was increased
          from 33.3% to 44.0%.

          In December 2008, Research Institute was deregistered and the 41.9% equity interest of the
          Company held by Research Institute was transferred to Research Institute’s shareholders,
          consisting of 25.0% equity interest transferred to Hunan State-owned Assets Supervision and
          Administration Commission of the People’s Government of Hunan Province (“Hunan SASAC”), and
          16.9% equity interest transferred to the four other shareholders of Research Institute.




                                                                                                                        115
116
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      1     Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
            (continued)

            (b)    Organisation (continued)
                   In February 2010, the Company completed a Non-public Offering of 297,954,705 A Shares to
                   nine institutional investors. In August 2010, the Company further conducted a stock split in the
                   form of bonus shares. Following the stock split, the Company’s share capital was increased to
                   approximately RMB4,928 million comprising 4,927,636,762 A Shares, among which Hunan SASAC
                   held 21.4% equity interest.

                   On 23 December 2010, the Company completed a Global Offering of 869,582,800 newly issued
                   H Shares with a par value of RMB1 per share to institutional and public shareholders in The Stock
                   Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. In this connection, Hunan SASAC and Hunan Development
                   Investment Group Co., Ltd. (“Hunan Development Group”), the Company’s state-owned
                   shareholders, transferred a total of 86,958,280 A Shares to the National Council for Social Security
                   Fund of the PRC (“NSSF”), which were converted into H Shares on a one-for-one basis. Upon the
                   completion of the Global Offering, the share capital of the Company was increased to approximately
                   RMB5,797 million, comprising 4,840,678,482 A Shares and 956,541,080 H Shares. After the Global
                   Offering, Hunan SASAC held 16.77% equity interest in the Company.

                   On 5 January 2011, the underwriters of the Global Offering exercised the over-allotment option in
                   full. As a result, 130,437,400 H Shares with a par value of RMB1 per share were additionally issued
                   by the Company. In this connection, Hunan SASAC and Hunan Development Group transferred
                   a total of additional 13,043,740 A Shares to the NSSF, which were converted into H Shares on a
                   one-for-one basis. Upon completion of the issuance of new H Shares and conversion of A Shares
                   into H Shares, the share capital of the Company was increased to approximately RMB5,928 million,
                   comprising 4,827,634,742 A Shares and 1,100,022,220 H Shares.

                   On 3 June 2011, the Company further conducted a stock split in the form of bonus shares.
                   Following the stock split, the Company’s share capital was increased to approximately
                   RMB7,706 million, comprising 6,275,925,164 A Shares and 1,430,028,886 H Shares, among which
                   Hunan SASAC held 16.19% equity interest.

                   During the period from July to September 2015, the Company repurchased 41,821,800 H Shares
                   of its own share capital with an aggregate consideration of approximately RMB128 million. These H
                   Shares were then cancelled during the year. As a result of the repurchase and cancellation of the
                   H Shares, the share capital of the Company was decreased to approximately RMB7,664 million,
                   comprising 6,275,925,164 A Shares and 1,388,207,086 H Shares, and the Company’s equity
                   interest held by Hunan SASAC was increased to 16.35%.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2018




1   Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
    (continued)

    (b)   Organisation (continued)
          During the period from May to June 2017, the Company repurchased 38,845,086 A Shares of
          its own share capital with a total consideration of approximately RMB170 million, which were
          then cancelled in July 2017. As a result of the repurchase and cancellation of the A Shares, the
          share capital of the Company was decreased to approximately RMB7,625 million, comprising
          6,237,080,078 A Shares and 1,388,207,086 H Shares.

          In November 2017, the Company adopted a share option and restricted share scheme (the “Share
          Incentive Scheme”). Pursuant to this scheme, it issued 168,760,911 restricted A Shares, which will
          be unlocked for trading upon completion of certain period of services and meeting the performance
          target, and the share capital of the Company was increased to approximately RMB7,794 million,
          comprising 6,405,840,989 A Shares and 1,388,207,086 H Shares (the “First Grants”). The
          Company’s equity interest held by Hunan SASAC was correspondingly decreased to 16.08%.

          In September 2018, the Company issued additional share options and additional restricted shares
          under the Share Incentive Scheme adopted in 2017 (note 25), and the share capital of the Company
          was increased to approximately RMB7,813 million, comprising 6,424,395,847 A Shares and
          1,388,207,086 H Shares.

          During the period from August to November 2018, the Company forfeited 4,066,300 restricted
          A Shares of its own share capital with a total consideration of approximately RMB9 million, which
          were then cancelled in November 2018. As a result of the forfeit and cancellation of the A Shares,
          the share capital of the Company was decreased to approximately RMB7,809 million, comprising
          6,420,329,547 A Shares and 1,388,207,086 H Shares. The Company’s equity interest held by
          Hunan SASAC was decreased to 16.05%.


    (c)   Basis of preparation
          (i)   Statement of compliance
                These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable International
                Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards
                Board (“IASB”). IFRSs include all individual International Financial Reporting Standards,
                International Accounting Standards (“IASs”) and related interpretations. These financial
                statements also comply with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
                Ordinance, and the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of
                Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Significant accounting policies
                adopted by the Group are disclosed below.




                                                                                                                      117
118
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      1     Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
            (continued)

            (c)    Basis of preparation (continued)
                   (i)    Statement of compliance (continued)
                          The IASB has issued a number of amendments to IFRSs that are first effective for the current
                          accounting period of the Group. note 1(d) provides information on any changes in accounting
                          policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are
                          relevant to the Group for the current and prior accounting periods reflected in these financial
                          statements.

                   (ii)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements
                          The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 comprise the
                          Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as “the Group”) and the Group’s interest in
                          associates.

                          The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost
                          basis except for the re-measurement of equity investments (note2(e)) and derivative financial
                          instruments (note 2(f)) to fair value.

                          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make
                          judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and
                          reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated
                          assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed
                          to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the
                          judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
                          other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

                          The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions
                          to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the
                          revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision
                          affects both current and future periods.

                          Judgements made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect
                          on the financial statements and the major sources of estimation uncertainty are disclosed in
                          note 35.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2018




1   Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
    (continued)

    (d)   Changes in accounting policies
          The IASB has issued a number of new IFRSs and amendments to IFRSs that are first effective for
          the current accounting period of the Group. Of these, the following developments are relevant to the
          Group’s financial statements:

          (i)     IFRS 9, Financial instruments

          (ii)    IFRS 15, Revenue from contracts with customers

          (iii)   IFRIC 22, Foreign currency transactions and advance consideration

          The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
          accounting period, except for the amendments to IFRS 9, Prepayment features with negative
          compensation which have been adopted at the same time as IFRS 9.

          The Group has been impacted by IFRS 9 in relation to classification of financial assets and
          measurement of credit losses, and impacted by IFRS 15 in relation to presentation of contract
          liabilities. Details of the changes in accounting policies are discussed in Note 1(d)(i) for IFRS 9 and
          Note 1(d)(ii) for IFRS 15.

          Under the transition methods chosen, the Group recognises cumulative effect of the initial
          application of IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 as an adjustment to the opening balance of equity at 1 January
          2018. Comparative information is not restated. The following table gives a summary of the opening
          balance adjustments recognised for each line item in the consolidated statement of financial position
          that has been impacted by IFRS 9 and IFRS 15:




                                                                                                                         119
120
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      1     Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
            (continued)

            (d)    Changes in accounting policies (continued)


                                                                        At     Impact on initial     Impact on initial           At
                                                               31 December       application of        application of     1 January
                                                                      2017              IFRS 9               IFRS 15          2018
                                                                                  (Note 1(d)(i))        (Note 1(d)(ii))
                                                                      RMB                 RMB                   RMB           RMB
                                                                    millions           millions               millions      millions

                    Other financial assets
                      — Available-for-sale equity securities         2,154               (2,154)                    —           —
                      — Financial assets measured at FVOCI              —                 2,140                     —        2,140
                      — Financial assets carried at FVPL                —                     14                    —           14
                    Trade and other receivables                      4,106                   (10)                   —        4,096
                    Receivables under finance lease                  1,870                     (8)                  —        1,862
                    Deferred tax assets                              1,358                    15                    —        1,373

                    Total non-current assets                        25,218                    (3)                   —       25,215

                    Trade and other receivables                     22,661                   (46)                   —       22,615
                    Receivables under finance lease                 10,931                   (30)                   —       10,901

                    Total current assets                            57,894                   (76)                   —       57,818

                    Contract liabilities                                —                     —                 1,330        1,330
                    Trade and other payables                        14,992                    —                (1,330)      13,662

                    Total current liabilities                       24,488                    —                     —       24,488

                    Net current assets                              33,406                   (76)                   —       33,330

                    Total assets less current liabilities           58,624                   (79)                   —       58,545

                    Total non-current liabilities                   20,434                    —                     —       20,434

                    Net assets                                      38,190                   (79)                   —       38,111

                    Reserves                                        29,746                   (66)                   —       29,680

                    Total equity attributable to equity
                      shareholders of the Company                   37,540                   (66)                   —       37,474

                    Non-controlling interests                          650                   (13)                   —          637

                    Total equity                                    38,190                   (79)                   —       38,111


                   Further details of these changes are set out in sub-sections (i) and (ii) of this note.


      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2018




1   Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
    (continued)

    (d)   Changes in accounting policies (continued)
          (i)   IFRS 9, Financial instruments, including the amendments to IFRS 9, Prepayment
                features with negative compensation
                IFRS 9 replaces IAS 39, Financial instruments: recognition and measurement. It sets out the
                requirements for recognising and measuring financial assets, financial liabilities and some
                contracts to buy or sell non-financial items.

                The Group has applied IFRS 9 retrospectively to items that existed at 1 January 2018 in
                accordance with the transition requirements. The Group has recognised the cumulative effect
                of initial application as an adjustment to the opening equity at 1 January 2018. Therefore,
                comparative information continues to be reported under IAS 39.

                The following table summarises the impact of transition to IFRS 9 on retained earnings and
                reserves and the related tax impact at 1 January 2018.

                                                                                                                           RMB
                                                                                                                         millions

                  Retained earnings
                  Transferred from fair value reserve (recycling) relating to financial assets now
                    measured at FVPL                                                                                            1
                  Recognition of additional expected credit losses on financial assets measured at
                    amortised cost                                                                                           (80)
                  Related tax                                                                                                 14

                  Net decrease in retained earnings at 1 January 2018                                                        (65)

                  Fair value reserve (recycling)
                  Transferred to retained earnings relating to financial assets now measured at FVPL                           (1)
                  Transferred to fair value reserve (non-recycling) relating to equity securities now
                    measured at FVOCI                                                                                        (43)

                  Net decrease in fair value reserve (recycling) at 1 January 2018                                           (44)

                  Fair value reserve (non-recycling)
                  Transferred from fair value reserve (recycling) relating to equity securities now measured at
                    FVOCI and increase in fair value reserve (non-recycling) at 1 January 2018                                43

                  Non-controlling interests
                  Recognition of additional expected credit losses on financial assets measured at amortised cost            (14)
                  Related tax                                                                                                   1

                  Net decrease in retained earnings at 1 January 2018                                                        (13)




                                                                                                                                      121
122
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      1     Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
            (continued)

            (d)    Changes in accounting policies (continued)
                   (i)   IFRS 9, Financial instruments, including the amendments to IFRS 9, Prepayment
                         features with negative compensation (continued)
                         Further details of the nature and effect of the changes to previous accounting policies and the
                         transition approach are set out below:

                         a.     Classification of financial assets and financial liabilities

                                IFRS 9 categories financial assets into three principal classification categories: measured
                                at amortised cost, at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) and at
                                fair value through profit or loss (FVPL). These supersede IAS 39’s categories of held-
                                to-maturity investments, loans and receivables, available-for-sale financial assets and
                                financial assets measured at FVPL. The classification of financial assets under IFRS 9
                                is based on the business model under which the financial asset is managed and its
                                contractual cash flow characteristics. Under IFRS 9, derivatives embedded in contracts
                                where the host is a financial asset in the scope of the standard are not separated from
                                the host. Instead, the hybrid instrument as a whole is assessed for classification.

                                The following table shows the original measurement categories for each class of the
                                Group’s financial assets under IAS 39 and reconciles the carrying amounts of those
                                financial assets determined in accordance with IAS 39 to those determined in accordance
                                with IFRS 9.
                                                                   IAS 39 carrying                               IFRS 9 carrying
                                                                        amount at                                    amount at
                                                                     31 December                                      1 January
                                                                            2017 Reclassification Remeasurement           2018
                                                                            RMB             RMB            RMB            RMB
                                                                          millions      millions        millions        millions


                                 Financial assets at
                                   amortised cost
                                 Cash and cash equivalents                  7,148              —              —           7,148
                                 Pledged bank deposits                      1,108              —              —           1,108
                                 Trade and other receivables               26,767              —             (56)        26,711
                                 Receivables under finance lease           12,801              —             (38)        12,763


                                                                           47,824              —             (94)        47,730




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2018




1   Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
    (continued)

    (d)   Changes in accounting policies (continued)
          (i)   IFRS 9, Financial instruments, including the amendments to IFRS 9, Prepayment
                features with negative compensation (continued)
                a.   Classification of financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)
                                                            IAS 39 carrying                               IFRS 9 carrying
                                                                 amount at                                    amount at
                                                              31 December                                      1 January
                                                                     2017 Reclassification Remeasurement           2018
                                                                     RMB             RMB            RMB            RMB
                                                                   millions      millions        millions        millions


                     Financial assets at
                       FVOCI (non-recyclable)
                     Equity securities (Note (i))                            —               2,140                   —               2,140

                     Financial assets at FVPL
                     Wealth management products
                        (Note (ii))                                      6,319                   —                   —               6,319
                     Derivative financial instruments
                        (Note (ii))                                          4                   —                   —                   4
                     Listed equity securities (Note (i))                     —                   14                  —                  14

                                                                         6,323                   14                  —               6,337

                     Financial assets classified as
                       available-for-sale under
                       IAS 39 (Note (i))
                     Other financial assets                              2,154               (2,154)                 —                   —


                    Notes:


                    (i)	Under IAS 39, equity securities not held for trading were classified as available-for-sale financial assets. These
                         equity securities are classified as at FVPL under IFRS 9, unless they are eligible for and designated at FVOCI by the
                         Group. At 1 January 2018, the Group designated certain investments in unlisted equity securities at FVOCI (non-
                         recycling), as these investments are held for strategic purposes.


                    (ii)	Wealth management products, structured deposits and derivative financial instruments were classified as financial
                         assets at FVPL under IAS 39. These assets continue to be measured at FVPL under IFRS 9.




                                                                                                                                                 123
124
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      1     Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
            (continued)

            (d)    Changes in accounting policies (continued)
                   (i)   IFRS 9, Financial instruments, including the amendments to IFRS 9, Prepayment
                         features with negative compensation (continued)
                         a.   Classification of financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)
                              The measurement categories for all financial liabilities remain the same.

                                For an explanation of how the Group classifies and measures financial assets and
                                recognises related gains and losses under IFRS 9, see respective accounting policy notes
                                in Note 2(e), (f), (j(i)), (m) and (n).

                                The carrying amounts for all financial liabilities (including financial guarantee contracts) at
                                1 January 2018 have not been impacted by the initial application of IFRS 9.

                                The Group did not designate or de-designate any financial asset or financial liability at
                                FVPL at 1 January 2018.

                         b.     Credit losses

                                IFRS 9 replaces the “incurred loss” model in IAS 39 with the expected credit loss (“ECL”)
                                model. The ECL model requires an ongoing measurement of credit risk associated with
                                a financial asset and therefore recognises ECLs earlier than under the “incurred loss”
                                accounting model in IAS 39.

                                The Group applies the new ECL model to the following items:

                                —	financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents,
                                   pledged bank deposits and trade and other receivables);

                                — lease receivables; and

                                — financial guarantee contracts issued (see Note 2(j)(ii)).

                                For further details on the Group’s accounting policy for accounting for credit losses, see
                                Notes 2(j)(i) and (ii).




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2018




1   Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
    (continued)

    (d)   Changes in accounting policies (continued)
          (i)   IFRS 9, Financial instruments, including the amendments to IFRS 9, Prepayment
                features with negative compensation (continued)
                b.   Credit losses (continued)
                     The following table reconciles the closing loss allowance determined in accordance
                     with IAS 39 as at 31 December 2017 with the opening loss allowance determined in
                     accordance with IFRS 9 as at 1 January 2018.

                                                                                                              RMB
                                                                                                           millions


                       Loss allowance at 31 December 2017 under IAS 39                                       7,692
                       Additional credit loss recognised at 1 January 2018 on:
                         — Trade and other receivables                                                          56
                         — Lease receivables                                                                    38


                       Loss allowance at 1 January 2018 under IFRS 9                                         7,786


                c.    Transition

                      Changes in accounting policies resulting from the adoption of IFRS 9 have been applied
                      retrospectively, except as described below:

                      —	
                        Information relating to comparative periods has not been restated. Differences in
                        the carrying amounts of financial assets resulting from the adoption of IFRS 9 are
                        recognised in retained earnings and reserves as at 1 January 2018. Accordingly, the
                        information presented for 2017 continues to be reported under IAS 39 and thus may
                        not be comparable with the current period.

                      —	
                        The following assessments have been made on the basis of the facts and
                        circumstances that existed at 1 January 2018 (the date of initial application of IFRS 9
                        by the Group):

                          —	the determination of the business model within which a financial asset is held; and

                          —	the designation of certain investments in equity securities not held for trading to
                             be classified as at FVOCI (non-recycling).

                      —	If, at the date of initial application, the assessment of whether there has been a
                         significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition would have involved undue
                         cost or effort, a lifetime ECL has been recognised for that financial instrument.




                                                                                                                        125
126
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      1     Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
            (continued)

            (d)    Changes in accounting policies (continued)
                   (ii)   IFRS 15, Revenue from contracts with customers
                          IFRS 15 establishes a comprehensive framework for recognising revenue and some costs from
                          contracts with customers. IFRS 15 replaces IAS 18, Revenue, which covered revenue arising
                          from sale of goods and rendering of services, and IAS 11, Construction contracts, which
                          specified the accounting for construction contracts.

                          IFRS 15 also introduces additional qualitative and quantitative disclosure requirements which
                          aim to enable users of the financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and
                          uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.

                          The Group has elected to use the cumulative effect transition method and has recognised
                          the cumulative effect of initial application as an adjustment to the opening balance of equity
                          at 1 January 2018. Therefore, comparative information has not been restated and continues to
                          be reported under IAS 11 and IAS 18. As allowed by IFRS 15, the Group has applied the new
                          requirements only to contracts that were not completed before 1 January 2018.

                          The adoption of the IFRS 15 did not have a material impact on profit and loss, related tax and
                          retained earnings.

                          Further details of the nature and effect of the changes on previous accounting policies are set
                          out below:

                          a.    Timing of revenue recognition

                                Previously, revenue arising from construction contracts and provision of services was
                                recognised over time, whereas revenue from sale of goods was generally recognised at
                                a point in time when the risks and rewards of ownership of the goods had passed to the
                                customers.

                                Under IFRS 15, revenue is recognised when the customer obtains control of the
                                promised good or service in the contract. This may be at a single point in time or over
                                time. IFRS 15 identifies the following three situations in which control of the promised
                                good or service is regarded as being transferred over time:

                                A.	When the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by
                                    the entity’s performance, as the entity performs;




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2018




1   Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
    (continued)

    (d)   Changes in accounting policies (continued)
          (ii)   IFRS 15, Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
                 a.  Timing of revenue recognition (continued)
                     B.	When the entity’s performance creates or enhances an asset (for example work in
                         progress) that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced;

                       C.	When the entity’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the
                           entity and the entity has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed
                           to date.

                       If the contract terms and the entity’s activities do not fall into any of these 3 situations,
                       then under IFRS 15 the entity recognises revenue for the sale of that good or service
                       at a single point in time, being when control has passed. Transfer of risks and rewards
                       of ownership is only one of the indicators that is considered in determining when the
                       transfer of control occurs.

                       The adoption of IFRS 15 does not have a significant impact on when the Group
                       recognises revenue.

                 b.    Significant financing component

                       IFRS 15 requires an entity to adjust the transaction price for the time value of money
                       when a contract contains a significant financing component, regardless of whether the
                       payments from customers are received significantly in advance of revenue recognition or
                       significantly deferred.

                       Previously, the Group applied such a policy when payments were significantly deferred.
                       Instalment payments are common in the Group’s arrangements with its customers. In this
                       situation, the Group may offer customers a right to defer payment over one year.

                       Where such instalment payment schemes include a significant financing component, the
                       transaction price is adjusted to present value. Such adjustment results in interest income
                       being recognised by the Group to reflect the effect of the financing benefit provided to the
                       customers during the period between the payment date and the completion date of legal
                       assignment, with a corresponding decrease to revenue on sale of products recognised
                       when control of the completed product is transferred to the customer.




                                                                                                                           127
128
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      1     Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
            (continued)

            (d)    Changes in accounting policies (continued)
                   (ii)   IFRS 15, Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
                          b.  Significant financing component (continued)
                              It is not common for the Group to receive payments significantly in advance of revenue
                              recognition in the Group’s arrangements with its customers.

                                The adoption of IFRS 15 does not have a significant impact on the recognition of revenue
                                from instalment arrangement.

                          c.    Presentation of contract assets and liabilities

                                Under IFRS 15, a receivable is recognised only if the Group has an unconditional right to
                                consideration. If the Group recognises the related revenue before being unconditionally
                                entitled to the consideration for the promised goods and services in the contract, then
                                the entitlement to consideration is classified as a contract asset.

                                Similarly, a contract liability, rather than a payable, is recognised when a customer pays
                                consideration, or is contractually required to pay consideration and the amount is already
                                due, before the Group recognises the related revenue. For a single contract with the
                                customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented.

                                For multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are
                                not presented on a net basis (see Note 2(l)).

                                Previously, contract balances relating to contract liabilities were presented in the
                                statement of financial position under “trade and other payables” until the products were
                                delivered to the customer and the revenue was recognised for the reasons explained in
                                paragraph (a) above.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2018




1   Principal activities of reporting entity, organisation and basis of preparation
    (continued)

    (d)   Changes in accounting policies (continued)
          (ii)   IFRS 15, Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
                 c.  Presentation of contract assets and liabilities (continued)
                     To reflect these changes in presentation, the Group has made the following adjustments
                     at 1 January 2018, as a result of the adoption of IFRS 15:


                                                                IAS 18 carrying                       IFRS 15 carrying
                                                                     amount at                              amount at
                                                                  31 December                               1 January
                                                                          2017     Reclassification              2018
                                                                          RMB                RMB                  RMB
                                                                        millions           millions            millions


                       Contract liabilities                                  —              1,330                1,330
                       Trade and other payables                         14,992              (1,330)            13,662


                                                                        14,992                  —              14,992


          (iii) IFRIC 22, Foreign currency transactions and advance consideration
                This interpretation provides guidance on determining “the date of the transaction” for the
                purpose of determining the exchange rate to use on initial recognition of the related asset,
                expense or income (or part of it) arising from a transaction in which an entity receives or pays
                advance consideration in a foreign currency.

                 The Interpretation clarifies that “the date of the transaction” is the date on initial recognition
                 of the non-monetary asset or liability arising from the payment or receipt of advance
                 consideration. If there are multiple payments or contract liabilities of recognising the related
                 item, the date of the transaction for each payment or receipt should be determined in this way.
                 The adoption of IFRIC 22 does not have any material impact on the financial position and the
                 financial result of the Group.




                                                                                                                            129
130
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies
            (a)    Business combinations
                   The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is
                   transferred to the Group (note 2(b)). The consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally
                   measured at fair value, as are the identifiable net assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested
                   annually for impairment (note 2(j)(iii)). Any gain on a bargain purchase is recognised in profit or loss
                   immediately. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, except if related to the issue of debt or
                   equity securities (note 2(e)).

                   The consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing
                   relationships. Such amounts are generally recognised in profit or loss.

                   Any contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the date of acquisition. If an obligation to
                   pay contingent consideration that meets the definition of a financial instrument is classified as equity,
                   then it is not remeasured and settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, other contingent
                   consideration is measured at fair value at each reporting date and subsequent changes in the fair
                   value of the contingent consideration are recognised in profit or loss.

                   If share-based payment awards (replacement awards) are required to be exchanged for awards
                   held by the acquiree’s employees (acquiree’s awards), then all or a portion of the amount of
                   the acquirer’s replacement awards is included in measuring the consideration transferred in
                   the business combination. This determination is based on the market-based measure of the
                   replacement awards compared with the market-based measure of the acquiree’s awards and the
                   extent to which the replacement awards relate to pre-combination service.


            (b)    Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
                   Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed,
                   or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect
                   those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only
                   substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

                   An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the
                   date that control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions
                   and cash flows and any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in
                   full in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group
                   transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is
                   no evidence of impairment.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2018




2   Significant accounting policies (continued)
    (b)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (continued)
          Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly
          to the Company, and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the
          holders of those interests which would result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation
          in respect of those interests that meets the definition of a financial liability. For each business
          combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests either at fair value or at
          the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.

          Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position
          within equity, separately from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company.
          Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated
          statement of comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total
          comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the equity shareholders
          of the Company. Loans from holders of non-controlling interests and other contractual obligations
          towards these holders are presented financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial
          position depending on the nature of the liability.

          Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted
          for as equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and
          non-controlling interests within consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interest, but no
          adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised.

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest
          in that subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest
          retained in that former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and
          this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (note 2(f)) or,
          when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture
          (note 2(e)).

          In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less
          impairment losses (note 2(j)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a
          disposal group that is classified as held for sale).

          The details of the Group’s principal subsidiaries are set out in note 36.




                                                                                                                            131
132
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies (continued)
            (c)    Associates
                   An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control
                   or joint control over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy
                   decisions.

                   An investment in an associate is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under
                   the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is
                   classified as held for sale). Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost,
                   adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the acquisition-date fair values of the investee’s
                   identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any). The cost of the investment includes
                   purchase price, other costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment, and any direct
                   investment into the associate or joint venture that forms part of the Group’s equity investment.
                   Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the
                   investee’s net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment (notes 2(d) and 2(j)). Any
                   acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the
                   investees, any impairment losses for the year and the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax
                   items of the investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised in the consolidated statement of
                   comprehensive income.

                   When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group’s interest is
                   reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group
                   has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this
                   purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method
                   together with the any other long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net
                   investment in the associate.

                   Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates
                   are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses
                   provide evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised
                   immediately in profit or loss.

                   In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is
                   accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being
                   recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant
                   influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial
                   recognition of a financial asset (note 2(e)).

                   In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in associates are stated at cost less
                   impairment losses (note 2(j)), unless classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is
                   classified as held for sale).



      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2018




2   Significant accounting policies (continued)
    (d)   Goodwill
          Goodwill represents the excess of

          (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
                 controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity
                 interest in the acquiree; over

          (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the
                 acquisition date.

          When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a
          bargain purchase.

          Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business
          combination is allocated to each cash-generating unit, or groups of cash generating units, that is
          expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination and is tested annually for impairment
          (note 2(j)).

          On disposal of a cash generating unit during the year, any attributable amount of purchased
          goodwill is included in the calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.


    (e)   Other investments in debt and equity securities
          The Group’s policies for investments in debt and equity securities, other than investments in
          subsidiaries and associates are set out below.

          Investments in debt and equity securities are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group
          commits to purchase/sell the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus
          directly attributable transaction costs, except for those investments measured at fair value through
          profit or loss (FVPL) for which transaction costs are recognised directly in profit or loss. For an
          explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see Note 31(a). These
          investments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.




                                                                                                                           133
134
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies (continued)
            (e)    Other investments in debt and equity securities (continued)
                   (A)   Policy applicable from 1 January 2018

                         Investments other than equity investments

                         Non-equity investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following measurement
                         categories:

                         —      amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which
                                represent solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the investment is
                                calculated using the effective interest method (see Note 2(t)(vi));

                         —      FVOCI — recycling, if the contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely
                                payments of principal and interest and the investment is held within a business model
                                whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and
                                sale. Changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income, except for
                                the recognition in profit or loss of expected credit losses, interest income (calculated
                                using the effective interest method) and foreign exchange gains and losses. When the
                                investment is derecognised, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is
                                recycled from equity to profit or loss; or

                         —      FVPL, if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost
                                or FVOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest) are
                                recognised in profit or loss.

                         Equity investments

                         An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless the equity investment is not
                         held for trading purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an
                         election to designate the investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes
                         in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income. Such elections are made on an
                         instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the investment meets the definition of
                         equity from the issuer’s perspective. Where such an election is made, the amount accumulated
                         in other comprehensive income remains in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) until the
                         investment is disposed of. At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value
                         reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings. It is not recycled through profit or
                         loss. Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at
                         FVPL or FVOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income in accordance with the policy
                         set out in Note 2(t)(v).


      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2018




2   Significant accounting policies (continued)
    (e)   Other investments in debt and equity securities (continued)
          (B)   Policy applicable prior to 1 January 2018
                Investments in securities held for trading were classified as financial assets measured at FVPL.
                Any attributable transaction costs were recognised in profit or loss as incurred. At the end
                of each reporting period the fair value was remeasured, with any resultant gain or loss being
                recognised in profit or loss.

                Dated debt securities that the Group had the positive ability and intention to hold to maturity
                were classified as held-to-maturity securities. Held-to-maturity securities were stated at
                amortised cost (for impairment see Note 2(j)(i) — policy applicable prior to 1 January 2018).

                Investments which did not fall into any of the above categories were classified as
                available-for-sale financial assets. At the end of each reporting period the fair value was
                remeasured, with any resultant gain or loss being recognised in other comprehensive income
                and accumulated separately in equity in the fair value reserve (recycling). Dividend income
                from equity investments and interest income from debt securities calculated using the effective
                interest method were recognised in profit or loss in accordance with the policies set out in
                Notes 2(t)(v) and 2(t)(vi), respectively. Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from debt
                securities were also recognised in profit or loss. When the investments were derecognised or
                impaired (see Note 2(j)(i) — policy applicable prior to 1 January 2018), the cumulative gain or
                loss recognised in equity was reclassified to profit or loss.


    (f)   Derivative financial instruments
          Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value. At the end of each reporting period the
          fair value is remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately
          in profit or loss, except where the derivatives qualify for cash flow hedge accounting or hedge
          the net investment in a foreign operation, in which case recognition of any resultant gain or loss
          depends on the nature of the item being hedged.


    (g)   Property, plant and equipment
          Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and impairment
          losses (note 2(j)). The cost of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any
          directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to working condition and location for its intended
          use. Subsequent expenditure relating to an item of property, plant and equipment that has already
          been recognised is added to the carrying amount of the asset when it is probable that the future
          economic benefits, in excess of the original assessed standard of performance of the existing asset,
          will flow to the Group. All other subsequent expenditure is recognised as an expense in profit or loss
          in the period in which it is incurred.




                                                                                                                        135
136
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies (continued)
            (g)    Property, plant and equipment (continued)
                   Construction in progress represents buildings and various machinery, plant and equipment under
                   construction and pending installation, and is stated at cost less impairment losses (note 2(j)). Cost
                   comprises direct costs of construction as well as interest charges and foreign exchange differences
                   on related borrowed funds to the extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest
                   charges, during the periods of construction.

                   Construction in progress is transferred to property, plant and equipment when the asset is
                   substantially ready for its intended use. No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in
                   progress.

                   Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment,
                   are determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the
                   item and are recognised as income or expense on the date of retirement or disposal.

                   Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment less their
                   estimated residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as
                   follows:

                   — buildings                                                                          25 to 35 years
                   — machinery, plant and equipment                                                      5 to 30 years
                   — motor vehicles                                                                           10 years
                   — office equipment                                                                          5 years

                   Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the
                   item is allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately.
                   Both the useful life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reassessed annually.


            (h)    Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
                   Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.
                   Expenditure on development activities is capitalised if the product or process is technically and
                   commercially feasible and the Group has sufficient resources and the intention to complete
                   development. The expenditure capitalised includes the costs of materials, direct labour, and an
                   appropriate proportion of overheads and borrowing costs, where applicable (note 2(v)). Capitalised
                   development costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses
                   (note 2(j)). Other development expenditure is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is
                   incurred.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2018




2   Significant accounting policies (continued)
    (h)   Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (continued)
          Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Group are stated at cost less accumulated
          amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (note 2(j)). Expenditure
          on internally generated goodwill and brands is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is
          incurred.

          Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line
          basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives. The following intangible assets with finite useful lives
          are amortised from the date they are available for use and their estimated useful lives are as follows:

          — technical know how                                                                       10 to 15 years
          — software, patents, operating and similar rights                                           2 to 10 years
          — customer relationships                                                                    8 to 15 years
          — capitalised development costs                                                             5 to 10 years

          Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.

          Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. Any
          conclusion that the useful life of an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to determine
          whether events and circumstances continue to support the indefinite useful life assessment for
          that asset. If they do not, the change in useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted
          for prospectively from the date of change and in accordance with the policy for amortisation of
          intangible assets with finite lives as set out above.

          The Group’s intangible asset that is determined to have an indefinite useful life consists of
          trademarks.


    (i)   Lease prepayments
          Lease prepayments represent cost paid to the relevant government authorities for land use
          rights. Land use rights are carried at cost less the accumulated amount charged to expense and
          impairment losses (note 2(j)). The cost of lease prepayments is charged to profit or loss on a
          straight-line basis over the respective periods of the rights, which range from 20 to 50 years.




                                                                                                                           137
138
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies (continued)
            (j)    Credit losses and impairment of assets
                   (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and lease receivables
                         (A) Policy applicable from 1 January 2018

                                The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) on the following
                                items:

                                —	financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents,
                                   pledged bank deposits and trade and other receivables);

                                — lease receivables; and

                                — financial guarantee contracts issued (see Note 1(d)(i)).

                                Financial assets measured at fair value, including equity securities designated at FVOCI
                                (non-recycling), listed equity securities designated at FVPL (recycling), structured
                                deposits, wealth management products and derivative financial instruments and etc. are
                                not subject to the ECL assessment.

                                Measurement of ECLs

                                ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured
                                as the present value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash
                                flows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the
                                Group expects to receive).

                                The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following discount rates where the
                                effect of discounting is material:

                                —	
                                  fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables: effective interest rate
                                  determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;

                                — variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate;

                                —	lease receivables: discount rate used in the measurement of the lease receivable.

                                The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual
                                period over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2018




2   Significant accounting policies (continued)
    (j)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and lease receivables (continued)
                (A) Policy applicable from 1 January 2018 (continued)
                    In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable
                    information that is available without undue cost or effort. This includes information about
                    past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                     ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                     —    12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default
                          events within the 12 months after the reporting date; and

                     —    lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default
                          events over the expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

                     Loss allowances for trade receivables and lease receivables are always measured at
                     an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using
                     a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for
                     factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and
                     forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.

                     For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to
                     12-month ECLs unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial
                     instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is measured at an
                     amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

                     Significant increases in credit risk

                     In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly
                     since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial
                     instrument assessed at the reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial
                     recognition. In making this reassessment, the Group considers that a default event
                     occurs when the customer is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full,
                     without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held). The
                     Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
                     supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is
                     available without undue cost or effort.




                                                                                                                         139
140
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies (continued)
            (j)    Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
                   (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and lease receivables (continued)
                         (A) Policy applicable from 1 January 2018 (continued)
                             In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether
                             credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition:

                                —	failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

                                —	an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or
                                   internal credit rating (if available);

                                —	an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
                                   and

                                —	
                                  existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal
                                  environment that have a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its
                                  obligation to the Group.

                                Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant
                                increase in credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis.
                                When the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial instruments are
                                grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and credit
                                risk ratings.

                                ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial
                                instrument’s credit risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is
                                recognised as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises an
                                impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment
                                to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except for investments in
                                debt securities that are measured at FVOCI (recycling), for which the loss allowance is
                                recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve
                                (recycling).

                                Basis of calculation of interest income

                                Interest income recognised in accordance with Note 2(t)(vi) is calculated based on the
                                gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired,
                                in which case interest income is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross
                                carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset.


      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2018




2   Significant accounting policies (continued)
    (j)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and lease receivables (continued)
                (A) Policy applicable from 1 January 2018 (continued)
                    At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired.
                    A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental
                    impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                     Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable
                     events:

                     — significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                     —	
                       a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal
                       payments;

                     −	it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial
                        reorganisation;

                     −	significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that
                        have an adverse effect on the debtor; or

                     −	the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of
                        the issuer.

                     Write-off policy

                     The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease receivable is written off (either
                     partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is
                     generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or
                     sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject
                     to the write-off.

                     Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a
                     reversal of impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.




                                                                                                                         141
142
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies (continued)
            (j)    Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
                   (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and lease receivables (continued)
                         (B) Policy applicable prior to 1 January 2018
                             Prior to 1 January 2018, an “incurred loss” model was used to measure impairment
                             losses on financial assets not classified as at FVPL (e.g. trade and other receivables,
                             and available-for-sale equity securities). Under the “incurred loss” model, an impairment
                             loss was recognised only when there was objective evidence of impairment. Objective
                             evidence of impairment included:

                                — significant financial difficulty of the debtor;

                                —	
                                  a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal
                                  payments;

                                —	
                                  it becoming probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                                  reorganisation;

                                —	significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that
                                   have an adverse effect on the debtor; and

                                —	
                                  a significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of an investment in equity
                                  instrument below its cost.

                                If any such evidence exists, any impairment loss is determined and recognised as follows:

                                —	For unquoted equity securities carried at cost, the impairment loss is measured as
                                   the difference between the carrying amount of the financial asset and the estimated
                                   future cash flows, discounted at the current market rate of return for a similar financial
                                   asset where the effect of discounting is material. Impairment losses for equity securities
                                   carried at cost are not reversed.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2018




2   Significant accounting policies (continued)
    (j)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and lease receivables (continued)
                (B) Policy applicable prior to 1 January 2018 (continued)
                    −	For receivables and other financial assets carried at amortised cost, the impairment
                         loss is measured as the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the
                         present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the financial asset’s
                         original effective interest rate (i.e. the effective interest rate computed at an initial
                         recognition of these assets), where the effect of discounting is material. The Group
                         first assesses whether objective evidence of impairment exists for financial assets
                         that are individually significant. The assessment is then made collectively for financial
                         assets carried at amortised cost which are not individually significant but share similar
                         credit risk characteristics, and have not been individually assessed as impaired.
                         Future cash flows of financial assets which are assessed for impairment collectively
                         are based on historical loss experience for assets with credit risk characteristics
                         similar to the collective asset group, and ageing profile of the collective asset group.

                     —	
                       If in a subsequent period the amount of an impairment loss decreases and the
                       decrease can be linked objectively to an event occurring after the impairment loss
                       was recognised, the impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss. A reversal of
                       impairment loss shall not result in the asset’s carrying amount exceeding that which
                       would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years.

                     —	For available-for-sale equity securities, the cumulative loss that has been recognised
                        in the fair value reserve is reclassified to profit or loss. The amount of the cumulative
                        loss that is recognised in profit or loss is the difference between the acquisition cost
                        (net of any principal repayment and amortisation) and current fair value, less any
                        impairment loss on that asset previously recognised in the profit or loss.

                     —	Impairment losses recognised in profit or loss in respect of available-for-sale equity
                        securities are not reversed through profit or loss. Any subsequent increase in the fair
                        value of such assets is recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                          143
144
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies (continued)
            (j)    Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
                   (ii)   Credit losses from financial guarantees issued
                          Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified
                          payments to reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the “holder”) for a loss the holder
                          incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the
                          terms of a debt instrument.

                          Financial guarantees issued are initially recognised within “trade and other payables” at fair
                          value. Subsequent to initial recognition, the amount initially recognised as deferred income is
                          amortised in profit or loss over the term of the guarantee as income from financial guarantees
                          issued (see Note 2(t)(viii)). The Group monitors the risk that the specified debtor will default on
                          the contract and recognises a provision when expected credit losses (ECLs, see Note 1(d)(i))
                          on the financial guarantees are determined to be higher than the amount carried in “trade
                          and other payables” in respect of the guarantees (i.e. the amount initially recognised, less
                          accumulated amortisation).

                          (A)   Policy applicable from 1 January 2018

                                The Group monitors the risk that the specified debtor will default on the contract and
                                recognises a provision when ECLs on the financial guarantees are determined to be
                                higher than the amount carried in “trade and other payables” in respect of the guarantees
                                (i.e. the amount initially recognised, less accumulated amortisation).

                                To determine ECLs, the Group considers changes in the risk of default of the specified
                                debtor since the issuance of the guarantee and a lifetime ECL is measured. The same
                                definition of default and the same assessment of significant increase in credit risk as
                                described in Note 2(j)(i) apply.

                                As the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the specified
                                debtor in accordance with the terms of the payments that are guaranteed, an ECL is
                                estimated based on the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that
                                it incurs less any amount that the Group expects to receive from the holder of guarantee,
                                the specified debtor or any other party. The amount is then discounted using the current
                                risk-free rate adjusted for risks specific to the cash flows.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2018




2   Significant accounting policies (continued)
    (j)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
          (ii)   Credit losses from financial guarantees issued (continued)
                 (B) Policy applicable prior to 1 January 2018

                      Prior to 1 January 2018, a provision would be recognised if and when it became probable
                      that (i) the holder of the guarantee would call upon the Group under the guarantee and
                      (ii) the amount of the claim on the Group was expected to exceed the amount carried in
                      “trade and other payables” in respect of the guarantee.

          (iii) Impairment of other non-current assets
                Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to
                identify indications that the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of goodwill,
                an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased:

                 —    property, plant and equipment;

                 —    lease prepayments;

                 —    intangible assets;

                 —    goodwill; and

                 —	investments in subsidiaries, associates in the Company’s statement of financial position

                 If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for
                 goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amount is
                 estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.

                 —    Calculation of recoverable amount
                      The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs to sell and
                      value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to
                      their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
                      of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not
                      generate cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable
                      amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows
                      independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).




                                                                                                                         145
146
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies (continued)
            (j)    Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
                   (iii) Impairment of other non-current assets (continued)
                         — Recognition of impairment losses
                             An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or
                             the cash-generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment
                             losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the
                             carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units)
                             and then, to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of
                             units) on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be reduced
                             below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), or value in use
                             (if determinable).

                         —      Reversals of impairment losses
                                In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been
                                a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An
                                impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

                                A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would
                                have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals
                                of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals
                                are recognised.

            (k)    Inventories
                   Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

                   Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase,
                   costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and
                   condition.

                   Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
                   estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

                   When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in
                   the period in which the related revenue is recognised.

                   The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories
                   are recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any
                   reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories
                   recognised as an expense in the period in which the reversal occurs.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2018




2   Significant accounting policies (continued)
    (l)   Contract liabilities
          A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises
          the related revenue (see Note 2(t)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has
          an unconditional right to receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In
          such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see Note 2(m)).

          For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is
          presented. For multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are
          not presented on a net basis.

          When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest
          accrued under the effective interest method (see Note 2(t)).


    (m) Trade and other receivables
          A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A
          right to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment
          of that consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional
          right to receive consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset.

          Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for
          credit losses (see Note 2(j)(i)).


    (n)   Cash and cash equivalents
          Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and
          other financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into
          known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having
          been within three months of maturity at acquisition. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand
          and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management are also included as a component of
          cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the consolidated cash flow statement. Cash and cash
          equivalents are assessed for expected credit losses (ECL) in accordance with the policy set out in
          Note 2(j)(i).


    (o)   Trade and other payables
          Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value, except for financial guarantee liabilities
          measured in accordance with Note 2(j)(ii), trade and other payables are subsequently stated at
          amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated
          at cost.




                                                                                                                            147
148
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies (continued)
            (p)    Interest-bearing borrowings
                   Interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs.
                   Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost with
                   any difference between the amount initially recognised and redemption value being recognised in
                   profit or loss over the period of borrowings, together with any interest and fees payable, using the
                   effective interest method.


            (q)    Employee benefits
                   (i)    Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution
                          retirement plans
                          Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement
                          plans and the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the period in which the associated
                          services are rendered by employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect
                          would be material, these amounts are stated at their present values. Further information of the
                          Group’s retirement plans is set out in note 27.

                   (ii)   Share-based payment
                          The fair value of share options granted to employees is recognised as an employee cost
                          with a corresponding increase in a capital reserve within equity. The fair value is measured
                          at grant date, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the share options
                          were granted. Where the employees have to meet vesting conditions before becoming
                          unconditionally entitled to the share options, the total estimated fair value of the share options
                          is spread over the vesting period, taking into account the probability that the share options
                          will vest.

                          The fair value of the selected current employee services received in exchange for the grant
                          of the restricted shares is recognised as an expense. The total amount to be expensed is
                          determined by reference to the fair value of the granted shares measured as of the grant
                          date less the proceeds received from the employees, and recorded in the capital reserve until
                          each unlocking date and record it under reserves attributable to equity shareholders of the
                          Company. The proceeds received from the employees is firstly recorded as other payables.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2018




2   Significant accounting policies (continued)
    (q)   Employee benefits (continued)
          (ii)   Share-based payment (continued)
                 During the vesting period, the number of share options and restricted shares that is expected
                 to vest is reviewed. Any resulting adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior
                 years is charged/credited to the profit or loss for the year of the review, unless the original
                 employee expenses qualify for recognition as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment to
                 the capital reserve. On vesting date, the amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to
                 reflect the actual number of share options and restricted shares that vest (with a corresponding
                 adjustment to the capital reserve) except where forfeiture is only due to not achieving vesting
                 conditions that relate to the market price of the Company’s shares. The equity amount is
                 recognised in the capital reserve until either the share option or restricted share is exercised or
                 released (when it is included in the amount recognised in share capital for the shares issued)
                 or the share option or restricted share expires or is forfeited or cancelled (when it is released
                 directly to retained profits) after the end of vesting period.

          (iii) Termination benefits
                Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw
                the offer of those benefits and when it recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of
                termination benefits.


    (r)   Income tax
          Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and
          liabilities. Current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit
          or loss except to the extent that they relate to business combinations, or items recognised in
          other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are
          recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

          Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates
          enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax
          payable in respect of previous years.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences
          respectively, being the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
          reporting purposes and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and
          unused tax credits.




                                                                                                                           149
150
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies (continued)
            (r)    Income tax (continued)
                   Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the
                   extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can
                   be utilised, are recognised. Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax
                   assets arising from deductible temporary differences include those that will arise from the reversal
                   of existing taxable temporary differences provided those differences relate to the same taxation
                   authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the same period as the
                   expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising
                   from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when
                   determining whether existing taxable temporary differences support the recognition of deferred tax
                   assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are taken into account if
                   they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse
                   in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

                   The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary
                   differences arising from goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or
                   liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business
                   combination), and temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that, in
                   the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal and it is probable that
                   the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences,
                   unless it is probable that they will reverse in the future.

                   The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation
                   or settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or
                   substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
                   discounted.

                   The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
                   is reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available
                   to allow the related tax benefit to be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it
                   becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.

                   Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability
                   to pay the related dividends is recognised.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2018




2   Significant accounting policies (continued)
    (r)   Income tax (continued)
          Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately
          from each other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities,
          and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the
          legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the following
          additional conditions are met:

          —	in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to
             settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

          —	in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the
             same taxation authority on either:

               —     the same taxable entity; or

               —	different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of
                  deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise
                  the current tax assets and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and
                  settle simultaneously.


    (s)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
          Provisions are recognised for other liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group or the
          Company has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that
          an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can
          be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of
          the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

          Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot
          be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of
          outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed
          by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent
          liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.




                                                                                                                          151
152
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies (continued)
            (t)    Revenue and other income
                   Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision
                   of services or the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the
                   Group’s business.

                   Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, or the
                   lessee has the right to use the asset, at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group
                   is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue
                   excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

                   Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit
                   to the customer for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount
                   receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing
                   transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the effective interest
                   method. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing
                   benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted
                   on the contract liability under the effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the
                   practical expedient in paragraph 63 of IFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects
                   of a significant financing component if the period of financing is 12 months or less.

                   Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

                   (i)   Sale of goods
                         Revenue is recognised when goods are delivered at the customers’ premises which is taken
                         to be the point in time when the customer has accepted and taken possession of the goods.
                         Revenue excludes value added tax and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

                         In the comparative period, revenue from sales of goods was recognised when goods were
                         delivered to the customers’ premises, which was taken to be the point in time when the
                         customer had accepted the goods and the related risks and rewards of ownership.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2018




2   Significant accounting policies (continued)
    (t)   Revenue and other income (continued)
          (ii)   Finance income under finance lease
                 Where the Group provides finance leasing of its machinery products to customers, the Group
                 recognises profit or loss equivalent to the profit or loss resulting from an outright sale of the
                 machinery products being leased at normal selling prices and finance income over the period
                 of the lease. Finance income implicit in finance lease is recognised over the period of the lease
                 so as to produce an approximately constant periodic rate of return on the outstanding net
                 investment in the lease for each accounting period. Commission paid to dealers for acquisition
                 of finance lease contract is included in the carrying value of the assets and amortised to the
                 profit or loss over the expected life of the lease as an adjustment to finance income.

          (iii) Rental income from operating lease
                Rental income receivable under operating lease is recognised in profit or loss in equal
                instalments over the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is
                more representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset.
                Lease incentives granted are recognised in profit or loss as an integral part of the aggregate
                net lease payments receivable. Contingent rentals are recognised as income in the accounting
                period in which they are earned.

          (iv) Rendering of services
               The Group recognises revenue from rendering of services including maintenance service,
               technical consultation services etc. over the period of the service.

          (v)    Dividends
                 — Dividend income from unlisted investments is recognised when the shareholder’s right to
                      receive payment is established.

                 —    Dividend income from listed investments is recognised when the share price of the
                      investment goes ex-dividend.

          (vi) Interest income
               Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method. For financial
               assets measured at amortised cost or FVOCI (recycling) that are not credit-impaired, the
               effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit-impaired
               financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying
               amount net of loss allowance) of the asset (see Note 2(j)(i)).




                                                                                                                          153
154
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies (continued)
            (t)    Revenue and other income (continued)
                   (vii) Government grants
                         Government grants are recognised in the statement of financial position initially when there
                         is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with
                         the conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred
                         are recognised as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which
                         the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are
                         deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and consequently are effectively recognised in
                         profit or loss over the useful life of the asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.

                   (viii) Income from financial guarantees issued
                          Income from financial guarantees issued is recognised over the term of the guarantees
                          (see Note 2(j)(ii)).


            (u)    Translation of foreign currencies
                   The presentation currency of the Group is Renminbi (“RMB”). The functional currency of the
                   Company and its subsidiaries in the mainland PRC is RMB and the functional currency of the
                   Company’s subsidiaries in Europe is Euro (“EUR”). The functional currency of the Company’s
                   subsidiaries in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“HKSAR”) is United States Dollars
                   (“USD”) as the major operating and financing activities of these entities are transacted in USD.

                   Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling
                   at the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
                   translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains
                   and losses are recognised in profit or loss and are reported in net finance costs on a net basis.

                   Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
                   currency are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The
                   transaction date is the date on which the Company initially recognises such non-monetary assets
                   or liabilities. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated
                   at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value
                   was measured.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2018




2   Significant accounting policies (continued)
    (u)   Translation of foreign currencies (continued)
          The results of the Company’s subsidiaries outside the mainland PRC are translated into RMB at the
          exchange rates approximating the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions.
          Statement of financial position items are translated into RMB at the closing foreign exchange rates
          at the end of the reporting period. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other
          comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the exchange reserve.

          On disposal of an operation outside mainland PRC, the cumulative amount of the exchange
          differences relating to that operation is reclassified from equity to the profit or loss when the profit or
          loss on disposal is recognised.


    (v)   Borrowing costs
          Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an
          asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale
          are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in
          which they are incurred.

          The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when
          expenditure for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that
          are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of
          borrowing costs is suspended or ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare
          the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are interrupted or complete.

          Costs relating to factoring of receivables under finance lease is considered to be direct cost of
          finance lease income and is therefore recorded in cost of services.


    (w) Leases
          An arrangement, comprising a transaction or a series of transactions, is or contains a lease if the
          Group determines that the arrangement conveys a right to use a specific asset or assets for an
          agreed period of time in return for a payment or a series of payments. Such a determination is
          made based on an evaluation of the substance of the arrangement and is regardless of whether the
          arrangement takes the legal form of a lease.

          (i)   Classification
                Assets that are held by Group under leases which transfer to the Group substantially all the
                risks and rewards of ownership are classified as being held under finance leases. Leases which
                do not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the Group are classified
                as operating leases.




                                                                                                                            155
156
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies (continued)
            (w) Leases (continued)
                   (ii)   Finance lease
                          Where the Group provides finance lease of its machinery products to customers, an amount
                          representing the net investment in the lease is included in the statement of financial position as
                          receivables under finance lease. Finance income earned under finance lease is accounted for
                          in accordance with accounting policy as set out in note 2(t)(ii). Impairment losses of receivables
                          under finance lease are accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy as set out in
                          note 2(j).

                   (iii) Operating lease
                         Where the Group provides operating lease of its machinery products to customers, it presents
                         assets subject to operating lease in the statement of financial position as property, plant
                         and equipment. Lease income earned under operating lease is accounted for in accordance
                         with accounting policy as set out in note 2(t)(iii). Initial direct costs incurred by the Group
                         in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the
                         leased asset and recognised as an expense over the lease term on the same basis as the
                         lease income. The depreciation policy for depreciable leased assets is consistent with the
                         Group’s normal depreciation policy for similar assets. Impairment losses of leased assets are
                         accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy as set out in note 2(j)(iii). The Group
                         does not recognise any selling profit on entering into an operating lease because it is not the
                         equivalent of a sale.

                          As lessee, where the Group has the use of assets held under operating lease, payments made
                          under the lease are charged to profit or loss in equal instalments over the accounting periods
                          covered by the lease term.


            (x)    Profit distributions
                   Distributions of profit proposed in the profit appropriation plan to be approved after the end of the
                   reporting period are not recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period but are disclosed
                   in the notes separately.


            (y)    Discontinued operations
                   A discontinued operation is a component of the Group’s business, the operations and cash flows
                   of which can be clearly distinguished from the rest of the Group and which represents a separate
                   major line of business or geographical area of operations, or is part of a single co-ordinated plan to
                   dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations, or is a subsidiary
                   acquired exclusively with a view to resale.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2018




2   Significant accounting policies (continued)
    (y)   Discontinued operations (continued)
          Classification as a discontinued operation occurs upon disposal. It also occurs if the operation is
          abandoned.

          Where an operation is classified as discontinued, a single amount is presented on the face of the
          statement of profit or loss, which comprises:

          —     the post-tax profit or loss of the discontinued operation; and

          —	the post-tax gain or loss recognised on the measurement to fair value less costs to sell, or on
             the disposal, of the assets or disposal group constituting the discontinued operation.


    (z)   Related parties
          For the purposes of these financial statements, a related party is a person or entity that is related to
          the Group.

          (a)   A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to the Group if that person:

                (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;

                (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or

                (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

          (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                (i)	the entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                     subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                (ii)	one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint
                      venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                (iii)    both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                (iv)	one entity is a joint venture of a third party and the other entity is an associate of the
                      third party.




                                                                                                                           157
158
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      2     Significant accounting policies (continued)
            (z)    Related parties (continued)
                   (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies: (continued)


                         (v)	the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of the Group or
                              an entity related to the Group.

                         (vi)   the entity controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                         (vii)	the person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the
                                key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                         (viii)	the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                                 personnel services to the Group.

                   Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
                   influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


            (aa) Segment reporting
                   Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements,
                   are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive
                   management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the
                   Group’s various lines of business and geographical locations.

                   Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless
                   the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of
                   products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the
                   methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory
                   environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they
                   share a majority of these criteria.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2018




3   Revenue and segment reporting
    (a)   Revenue
          The Group is principally engaged in three main operating segments from continuing operations,
          including (i) research, development, manufacturing and sale of construction machinery; (ii) research,
          development, manufacturing and sale of agricultural machinery; and (iii) finance lease services.
          In 2017, the Group had one operating segment from discontinued operation — research,
          development, manufacturing and sale of environmental sanitation equipment and the provision of
          environmental solutions.

          Revenue from sales and lease of the Group’s machinery products is net of value added tax and after
          deduction of any trade discounts.




                                                                                                                       159
160
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      3     Revenue and segment reporting (continued)
            (a)    Revenue (continued)
                   (i)   Disaggregation of revenue
                         Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines is
                         as follows:

                                                                                                                         2018             2017
                                                                                                                         RMB              RMB
                                                                                                                     millions           millions
                                                                                                                                          (Note)


                           Revenue from contracts with customers within
                             the scope of IFRS 15


                           Disaggregated by major products of service lines
                           Continuing operations:
                           Construction machinery
                             — Concrete machinery                                                                      10,130            7,250
                             — Crane machinery                                                                         12,447            6,761
                             — Others                                                                                    4,076           3,757
                           Agricultural machinery                                                                        1,477           2,295


                           Discontinued operation:
                           Environmental industry                                                                            —           2,665


                                                                                                                       28,130           22,728


                           Revenue from other sources
                           Continuing operations:
                           Construction machinery
                             — Concrete machinery                                                                           35               85
                             — Crane machinery                                                                              25               44
                             — Others                                                                                       10               24
                           Financial services                                                                              497             392


                                                                                                                           567             545


                                                                                                                       28,697           23,273


                         Note: The Group has initially applied IFRS 15 using the cumulative effect method. Under this method, the comparative
                                information is not restated and was prepared in accordance with IAS 18 and IAS 11(see Note 1(d)(ii)).




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2018




3   Revenue and segment reporting (continued)
    (a)   Revenue (continued)
          (i)    Disaggregation of revenue (continued)
                 Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition
                 and by geographic markets is disclosed in Notes 3(b)(i) and 3(b)(iv) respectively.

                 The Group’s customer base is diversified and none of the customer with whom transactions
                 have exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenues. Details of concentrations of credit risk arising
                 from this customer are set out in Note 31(b)(ii).

          (ii)   Total future minimum lease payments receivable by the Group
                 Total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases in place at the
                 reporting date will be receivable by the Group in future periods as follows:

                                                                                         2018                2017
                                                                                         RMB                  RMB
                                                                                      millions             millions


                  Within 1 year                                                             24                  59
                  After 1 year but within 5 years                                           40                  79
                  After 5 years                                                              2                  15


                                                                                            66                 153


    (b)   Segment reporting
          The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by business sectors. In a
          manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s most
          senior executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment,
          the Group has presented the following reportable segments. No operating segments have been
          aggregated to form the following reportable segments:

          Continuing reportable segment:


          a.     Construction machinery segment consists of the following sub-segments:

                 Concrete machinery sub-segment primarily researches, develops, manufactures and sells various
                 concrete machineries, including truck-mounted concrete pumps, trailer-mounted concrete
                 pumps, dry mortar products, concrete placing booms, concrete mixing plants, truck-mounted
                 concrete mixers, truck-mounted line concrete pumps and self-propelled boom concrete pumps.

                 Crane machinery sub-segment primarily researches, develops, manufactures and sells a
                 variety of cranes, including truck cranes, all-terrain truck cranes, crawler cranes and various
                 types of tower cranes.



                                                                                                                        161
162
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      3     Revenue and segment reporting (continued)
            (b)    Segment reporting (continued)
                   Continuing reportable segment: (continued)
                         Others primarily research, develop, manufacture and sell of other machinery products,
                         including road construction and pile foundation machinery, earth working machinery, material
                         handling machinery and systems, specialised vehicles and vehicle axles. None of these
                         segments met any of the quantitative thresholds for determining reportable segments for the
                         years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017.

                   b.	Agricultural machinery segment primarily researches, develops, manufactures and sells a wide
                       range of agricultural machineries, including tractors, grain harvesters and drying machines.

                   c.	
                      Financial services segment primarily provides finance lease services to customers for
                      purchasing machinery products of the Group and from other vendors.

                   Discontinued reportable segment for the year ended 31 December 2017:

                   a.    A wide range of environmental and sanitation machineries, including road sweepers, washing
                         vehicles and waste treatment equipment, as well as provides environmental solutions.

                   (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities
                         For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between
                         segments, the Group’s most senior executive management monitors the results attributable to
                         each reportable segment on the following basis:

                         The measure used for reporting segment profit is revenue less cost of sales and services.

                         A measurement of segment assets and liabilities is not provided regularly to the Group’s most
                         senior executive management and accordingly, no segment assets or liabilities information
                         is presented.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                       Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2018




3   Revenue and segment reporting (continued)
    (b)   Segment reporting (continued)
          (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities (continued)
                Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by timing of revenue recognition
                regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s most senior executive
                management for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance
                for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017 is set out below:


                                                                                       2018                                         2017
                                                             Point in time             Over time                Total
                                                                       RMB                    RMB                RMB                RMB
                                                                   millions              millions            millions            millions
                                                                                         (Note (ii))                              (Note (i))


                      Reportable segment revenue:
                      Continuing operations:
                      Construction machinery
                        — Concrete machinery                         10,130                     35             10,165              7,335
                        — Crane machinery                            12,447                     25             12,472              6,805
                        — Others                                      4,076                     10              4,086              3,781
                      Agricultural machinery                          1,477                         —           1,477              2,295
                      Financial services                                   —                   497                497                392


                                                                     28,130                    567             28,697            20,608


                      Discontinued operation:
                      Environmental industry                               —                        —               —              2,665


                                                                     28,130                    567             28,697            23,273


                Notes:
                (i)       The Group has initially applied IFRS 15 using the cumulative effect method. Under this method, the comparative
                          information is not restated and was prepared in accordance with IAS 18.


                (ii)      Revenue recognised over time include rental income and service income.




                                                                                                                                               163
164
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      3     Revenue and segment reporting (continued)
            (b)    Segment reporting (continued)
                   (ii)   Information about profit or loss
                                                                                         2018      2017
                                                                                        RMB        RMB
                                                                                      millions   millions


                           Reportable segment profit:

                           Continuing operations:
                           Construction machinery
                             — Concrete machinery                                       2,436      1,344
                             — Crane machinery                                          3,625      1,492
                             — Others                                                   1,115        757
                           Agricultural machinery                                         102        320
                           Financial services                                             496        392


                                                                                        7,774      4,305
                           Discontinued operation:
                           Environmental industry                                          —         664


                                                                                        7,774      4,969


                   (iii) Reconciliations of segment profit/(loss)
                                                                                         2018      2017
                                                                                        RMB        RMB
                                                                                      millions   millions


                           Reconciliation of segment profit/(loss):
                             Total reportable segment profit                            7,774      4,969
                             Elimination of discontinued operation                         —        (664)


                           Gross profit from continuing operations                      7,774      4,305

                           Other income                                                   882         259
                           Sales and marketing expenses                                (2,379)     (2,180)
                           General and administrative expenses                         (2,063)   (10,487)
                           Research and development expenses                             (581)       (277)
                           Net finance costs                                           (1,205)     (1,443)
                           Share of profits less losses of associates                     222         110


                           Profit/(loss) before taxation from continuing operations     2,650     (9,713)




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2018




3   Revenue and segment reporting (continued)
    (b)   Segment reporting (continued)
          (iv) Geographic information
               The following tables set out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s
               revenue from external customers and (ii) the Group’s property, plant and equipment, and lease
               prepayments (“specified non-current assets”). The geographical location of revenue is based
               on the selling location. The geographical location of specified non-current assets is based on
               the physical location of the asset. No geographic information is presented for trademarks,
               technical know-how and goodwill as these assets are commonly used by the Group both in
               and outside PRC. All other non-current assets are physically located in the PRC, except for
               customer relationships acquired through business combination of CIFA S.p.A (“CIFA”) and
               m-tec mathis technik GmbH (“m-tec”), which are determined to be outside PRC.


                                                                                       2018                2017
                                                                                       RMB                  RMB
                                                                                   millions              millions


                Revenue from external customers
                  — Mainland PRC (of which RMB2,447 million in
                        2017 relates to discontinued operation)                      25,107              20,908
                  — Outside PRC (of which RMB218 million in 2017
                        relates to discontinued operation)                            3,590                2,365


                Total                                                                28,697              23,273


                                                                                       2018                2017
                                                                                       RMB                  RMB
                                                                                   millions              millions


                Specified non-current assets
                  — Mainland PRC                                                      7,755                7,981
                  — Outside PRC                                                         265                  228


                Total                                                                 8,020                8,209




                                                                                                                      165
166
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      4     Other income
                                                                                                                         2018                  2017
                                                                                                                        RMB                    RMB
                                                                                                                     millions               millions


              Continuing operations:
              Government grants (Note)                                                                                    206                   197
              Net realised and unrealised gains on financial assets at FVPL                                               503                     59
              Dividend income from financial assets at FVOCI                                                                32                    —
              Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, intangible
                assets and lease prepayments                                                                                 4                    25
              Gain on sale of 20% equity interest in Changsha
                Zoomlion Enviromental Industry Co., Ltd.                                                                  148                     —
              Others                                                                                                       (11)                  (22)


                                                                                                                          882                   259


              Discontinued operation:
              Others                                                                                                        —                      2


                                                                                                                          882                   261


            Note: Government grants mainly represent operating subsidies and other grants. There were no unfulfilled conditions and other contingencies
                   attached to these grants.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2018




5   Profit before taxation
    Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


    (a)   Net finance costs:
                                                                             2018                 2017
                                                                             RMB                  RMB
                                                                          millions              millions


           Continuing operations:
           Interest income                                                     (347)               (392)
           Loss on re-measurement of derivative
              financial instruments at fair value                               —                    26
           Interest on loans and borrowings                                  1,451                1,479
           Net exchange loss                                                   101                  330


                                                                             1,205                1,443


           Discontinued operation:
           Interest income                                                       —                    (6)
           Gain on re-measurement of derivative
             financial instruments at fair value                                 —                    (3)
           Interest on loans and borrowings                                      —                    9
           Net exchange loss                                                     —                   19


                                                                                 —                   19


                                                                             1,205                1,462




                                                                                                             167
168
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      5     Profit before taxation (continued)
            (b)    Staff costs:
                                                                       2018      2017
                                                                       RMB       RMB
                                                                    millions   millions


                    Continuing operations:
                    Salaries, wages and other benefits                2,063     1,744
                    Share incentive scheme expenses (Note 25)           267        45
                    Contributions to retirement schemes (Note 27)       337       284


                                                                      2,667     2,073


                    Discontinued operation:
                    Salaries, wages and other benefits                   —        159
                    Contributions to retirement schemes (Note 27)        —         16


                                                                         —        175


                                                                      2,667     2,248




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2018




5   Profit before taxation (continued)
    (c)   Other items:
                                                                                                         2018                 2017
                                                                                                         RMB                  RMB
                                                                                                      millions              millions
                                                                                                                              (Note)


           Continuing operations:
           Cost of inventories sold (Note 16)                                                          20,923               16,303
           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 11)                                         585                  664
           Amortisation of lease prepayments                                                                50                   54
           Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 12)                                                     202                  206
           Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment,
              intangible assets and lease prepayments                                                         4                  25
           Operating lease charges                                                                         134                  143
           Auditors’ remuneration:
              — audit services                                                                              10                    9
           Product warranty costs (Note 23(b))                                                             151                  128
           Impairment losses:
              — property, plant and equipment (Note 11)                                                       1                 149
              — trade receivables (Note 18(c))                                                             145               5,927
              — receivables under finance lease (Note 19(c))                                                85                  797
              — inventories (Note 16)                                                                       36               1,823
              — goodwill (Note 13)                                                                          50                   24


           Discontinued operation:
           Cost of inventories sold (Note 16)                                                                —               1,803
           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 11)                                           —                   27
           Amortisation of lease prepayments                                                                 —                    2
           Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 12)                                                       —                   15
           Operating lease charges                                                                           —                    6
           Auditors’ remuneration:
              — audit services                                                                               —                    1
           Product warranty costs (Note 23(b))                                                               —                    2
           Impairment losses
              — trade receivables (Note 18(c))                                                               —                   10


          Note: The Group has initially applied IFRS 15 and IFRS 9 at 1 January 2018. Under the transition methods chosen, comparative
                information is not restated. See Note 1(d).




                                                                                                                                         169
170
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      6     Income tax
            Income tax in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income represents:


            (a)    Continuing operations
                   (i)   Taxation charged/(credited) to profit or loss:


                                                                                                           2018      2017
                                                                                                          RMB        RMB
                                                                                                        millions   millions


                           Current tax — PRC income tax                                                     620     (1,130)
                           Current tax — Income tax in other tax jurisdictions                                7         10
                           Deferred taxation                                                                 55       (305)


                           Tax expenses/(credits) on continuing operations                                  682     (1,425)


                   (ii)	Reconciliation between actual tax expenses/(credits) and accounting profit/(loss)
                         at applicable tax rates:


                                                                                                           2018      2017
                                                                                                          RMB        RMB
                                                                                                        millions   millions


                           Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                  2,650     (9,713)


                           Notional tax on profit/(loss) before taxation, calculated at the statutory
                             income tax rate applicable to the jurisdictions concerned (Note (a))           663     (2,428)
                           Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                            500       153
                           Current year loss for which no deferred tax assets was recognised                 96         81
                           Tax effect of non-taxable income (Note (a))                                     (146)      (116)
                           Tax effect of tax concessions (Note (b))                                        (361)      920
                           Additional deduction for qualified research and
                             development expenses (Note (c))                                                (70)       (35)


                           Actual tax expenses/(credits)                                                    682     (1,425)




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2018




6   Income tax (continued)
    (b)   Discontinued operation
          (i)    Taxation charged to profit or loss:


                                                                                                  2018                2017
                                                                                                  RMB                  RMB
                                                                                              millions              millions


                  Current tax — PRC income tax                                                       —                1,396
                  Deferred taxation                                                                  —                   23


                  Tax expenses on discontinued operations                                            —                1,419


          (ii)   Reconciliation between actual tax expenses and accounting profit at applicable tax
                 rates:


                                                                                                  2018                2017
                                                                                                  RMB                  RMB
                                                                                              millions              millions


                  Profit before taxation                                                             —              10,965


                  Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the statutory
                    income tax rate applicable to the jurisdictions concerned (Note (a))             —                2,741
                  Tax effect of non-taxable income (Note (a))                                        —                 (347)
                  Tax effect of tax concessions (Note (b))                                           —                 (975)


                  Actual tax expenses                                                                —                1,419




                                                                                                                                 171
172
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      6     Income tax (continued)
            (b)    Discontinued operation (continued)
                   (ii)   Reconciliation between actual tax expenses and accounting profit at applicable tax
                          rates: (continued)
                          Notes:
                          (a)      The PRC statutory income tax rate is 25% (2017: 25%).


                                   The Company’s subsidiaries in the HKSAR are subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax at 16.5% (2017: 16.5%) in respect
                                   of assessable profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong. In 2018 and 2017, the Group did not derive any income
                                   chargeable to Hong Kong Profits Tax on the basis that all the income was offshore sourced, all the expenses incurred by
                                   the subsidiaries in Hong Kong have been disallowed.


                                   The Company’s overseas subsidiaries are subject to income tax at rates ranging from 19.0% to 28.4% (2017: 19.0% to
                                   31.4%).


                          (b)      According to the income tax law and its relevant regulations, entities that qualified as high-technology enterprises under
                                   the tax law are entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%. One subsidiary of the Company renewed its status as
                                   high-technology enterprises in 2018 and accordingly are subject to income tax at 15% for the years from 2018 to 2020.


                                   The 15% preferential tax rate applicable to high-technology enterprises is subject to renewal approval jointly by the
                                   relevant authorities, upon expiry of the three-year grant period, according to the then prevailing income tax regulations.
                                   The Company and certain of its subsidiaries have begun the renewal approval process. It is probable that they are
                                   qualified as high-technology enterprises. Management therefore believes 15% represents the best estimate of the annual
                                   tax rate of these entities for the year ending 31 December 2019.


                          (c)      Under the income tax law and its relevant regulations, a 75% additional tax deduction is allowed for qualified research
                                   and development expenditure for the year ended 31 December 2018 (2017:50%).




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2018




7   Discontinued operation
    In 2017, the Company spun-off and transferred its environmental sanitation machinery business, related
    assets, including certain land use rights, and liabilities into its wholly-owned subsidiary, Changsha
    Zoomlion Environmental Industry Co., Ltd. (referred to as “ZEI”). After the transfer, all business of
    environmental industry of the Group was undertaken by ZEI and its subsidiaries, which are mainly
    engaged in research and development of environmental sanitation machines and equipment; research,
    development, production and sales of solid waste treatment equipment and equipment for preventing
    and controlling water pollution and provision of the related technical services; production and sales
    of equipment and parts for maintaining highways, bridges, tunnels and parks; as well as systematic
    solutions and technologies for urban waste collection and disposal, rural waste collection and disposal,
    recycling of household waste and recycling of food waste.

    On 21 May 2017, the Company entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement with Infore Investments
    Holding Group Co.,Ltd. (referred to as “Infore Holding”, which subsequently transfer all of its rights
    and obligations under the Equity Transfer Agreement to Ningbo Infore Asset Management Co., Ltd.,
    a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infore Holding), Guangzhou Yuemintou Yinglian Investment Partnership
    (Limited Partnership), Hony (Shenzhen) Investment Centre (Limited Partnership) and Shanghai Lulian
    Junhe Industrial Equity Merger and Acquisition and Investment Fund Partnership (collectively referred to
    as “the Purchasers”) to sell 80% of its interests in ZEI at a total consideration of RMB11,600 million in
    cash, which has been received during the year. Infore Holding became the controlling shareholder of ZEI
    upon the completion of this transaction on 30 June 2017, and Zoomlion retained significant influence
    over ZEI. The Company remeasured the remaining 20% interests in ZEI to its fair value, amounting to
    RMB2,465 million, at the completion date. A gain of RMB10,738 million was recognised in profit or loss
    during the year 2017, representing the sum of the fair value of the retained 20% interest in ZEI and the
    cash consideration less the then carrying cost of ZEI.




                                                                                                                      173
174
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      7     Discontinued operation (continued)
            (a)    Results of discontinued operation
                                                                             Six months from
                                                                           1 January 2017 to
                                                                                30 June 2017
                                                                                        RMB
                                                                                      millions


                    Revenue                                                             2,665
                    Cost of sales and services                                         (2,001)
                    Other income                                                             2
                    Sales and marketing expenses                                         (272)
                    General and administrative expenses                                    (99)
                    Research and development expenses                                      (29)
                    Net finance costs                                                      (19)
                    Share of profits less losses of associates                             (20)


                    Result from operating activities                                      227
                    Income tax                                                             (36)


                    Result from operating activities, net of tax                          191
                    Gain on sale of discontinued operation                            10,738
                    Income tax on gain on sale of discontinued operation               (1,383)


                    Profit from discontinued operation for the period                   9,546



            (b)    Cash flows used in discontinued operation
                                                                            Six months from
                                                                           1 January 2017 to
                                                                               30 June 2017
                                                                                        RMB
                                                                                      millions


                    Net cash used in operating activities                                (294)
                    Net cash generated from investing activities                          356
                    Net cash used in financing activities                                (156)


                    Net cash flow for the period                                          (94)




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2018




7   Discontinued operation (continued)
    (c)   Effect of disposal on the financial position of the Group
                                                                                           At 30 June
                                                                                                 2017
                                                                                                  RMB
                                                                                               millions


           Property, plant and equipment                                                           705
           Intangible assets                                                                       432
           Lease prepayments                                                                       439
           Goodwill                                                                                 46
           Interests in associates                                                                  42
           Available-for-sale financial assets                                                      21
           Other non-current assets                                                                 65
           Deferred tax assets                                                                      49
           Inventories                                                                           1,162
           Other current assets                                                                    123
           Trade and other receivables                                                           5,457
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                             1,172
           Pledged bank deposits                                                                   236
           Trade and other payables                                                             (5,506)
           Loans and borrowings                                                                   (689)
           Other current liabilities                                                               (48)
           Payable for acquisition of non-controlling interests                                   (294)
           Deferred tax liabilities                                                                (87)


           Net assets                                                                            3,325


           Consideration received                                                              11,600
           Net cash and cash equivalents disposed of                                            (1,172)


           Net cash inflow                                                                     10,428




                                                                                                            175
176
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      8     Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments
            Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong
            Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors)
            Regulation are as follows:


                                                                Salaries,                   Contributions       Share
                                             Directors’/ allowances and     Discretionary   to retirement    incentive
                                        supervisors’ fee   other benefits       bonuses          scheme       scheme         Total
                                                   RMB              RMB             RMB             RMB          RMB         RMB
                                             thousands        thousands       thousands        thousands    thousands    thousands


              For the year ended 31
                December 2018


              Executive director
                ZHAN Chunxin                         —             1,342           1,342              16        4,415        7,115


              Non-executive directors
                HU Xinbao                            —                —                —               —           —            —
                ZHAO John Huan                       —                —                —               —           —            —


              Independent non-
                executive directors
                LIU Guiliang                        120               —                —               —           —           120
                YANG Changbo                        120               —                —               —           —           120
                LAI Kin Keung                       120               —                —               —           —           120
                ZHAO Songzheng                      120               —                —               —           —           120


              Supervisors
                FU Zheng                             —                —                —               —           —            —
                LIU Chi                              —               642             642              16           —         1,300
                LIU Quan                             —                —               —                —           —            —


                                                    480            1,984           1,984              32        4,415        8,895




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                       Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2018




8   Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                                                        Salaries,                   Contributions              Share
                                    Directors’/   allowances and    Discretionary   to retirement           incentive
                               supervisors’ fee    other benefits       bonuses          scheme              scheme              Total
                                         RMB               RMB              RMB             RMB                 RMB              RMB
                                    thousands         thousands       thousands       thousands            thousands        thousands


     For the year ended 31
       December 2017


     Executive director
       ZHAN Chunxin                         —              1,342           1,342              16                 879            3,579


     Non-executive directors
       HU Xinbao                            —                 —               —               —                   —                —
       ZHAO John Huan                       —                 —               —               —                   —                —


     Independent non-
       executive directors
       LIU Guiliang                        120                —               —               —                   —               120
       LAI Kin Keung                       120                —               —               —                   —               120
       YANG Changbo                        120                —               —               —                   —               120
       ZHAO Songzheng                      120                —               —               —                   —               120


     Supervisors
       FU Zheng                             —                 —               —               —                   —                —
       LIU Chi                              —                642             642              16                  —             1,300
       LIU Quan                             —                392             392              16                  —               800


                                           480             2,376           2,376              48                 879            6,159


    None of these directors and supervisors received any inducements or compensation for loss of office, or
    waived any emoluments during the year (2017: Nil).




                                                                                                                                          177
178
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      9     Individuals with highest emoluments
            Of the five highest paid individuals of the Group, one (2017: one) individual was director or supervisor of
            the Company, whose emoluments are disclosed in Note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect
            of the remaining four (2017: four) individuals are as follows:

                                                                                               2018             2017
                                                                                               RMB               RMB
                                                                                          thousands         thousands


              Salaries, allowances and other benefits in kind                                  7,136            7,086
              Share incentive scheme expenses                                                 15,012            2,458
              Contributions to retirement scheme                                                  64               64


                                                                                              22,212            9,608


            The emoluments of the non-director/supervisor employees among the five highest paid individuals are
            within the following bands:

                                                                                               2018             2017
                                                                                            Number            Number


              RMB1,500,001 – RMB3,000,000                                                         —                 4
              RMB3,000,001 – RMB6,000,000                                                          3               —
              RMB6,000,001 – RMB9,000,000                                                          1               —


            None of these employees received any inducements or compensation for loss of office, or waived any
            emoluments during the year (2017: Nil).




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2018




10 Earnings per share
   (a)   Basic earnings per share
         The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity
         shareholders of the Company of RMB2,031 million (2017: RMB1,342 million) and the weighted
         average of 7,635 million ordinary shares (2017: 7,642 million shares) in issue during the year,
         calculated as follows:

         Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                        2018                2017
                                                                                    millions              millions


          Issued ordinary shares at 1 January                                          7,794                7,664
          Effect of shares repurchased                                                     —                  (22)
          Effect of restricted A shares issued (Note 25)                                 (169)                 —
          Effect of restricted A shares unlocked (Note 25(b))                              10                  —


          Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 31 December                    7,635                7,642


   (b)   Diluted earnings per share
         The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity
         shareholders of the Company of RMB2,031 million (2017: RMB1,342 million) and the weighted average
         number of ordinary shares of 7,691 million shares (2017: 7,642 million shares), calculated as follows:

         Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

                                                                                        2018                2017
                                                                                    millions              millions


          Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 31 December                    7,635                7,642
          Effect of deemed issue of restricted A shares (Note 25)                          56                  —


          Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted) at 31 December          7,691                7,642


         The vested share options have an anti-dilutive effect on the basic earnings per share.

         The unlocked restricted shares and unvested share options are subject to the unlocking or vesting
         conditions including certain performance conditions, which are excluded in the calculation of diluted
         earnings per share.




                                                                                                                       179
180
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      11 Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                        Motor
                                                                                 Machinery,      vehicles and
                                                                                  plant and             office     Construction
                                                                   Buildings     equipment         equipment        in progress       Total
                                                                       RMB             RMB               RMB               RMB         RMB
                                                                    millions        millions          millions          millions    millions

              Cost:
              Balance at 1 January 2017                               5,393           4,356               979               618      11,346
              Additions                                                   19             67                 28              138         252
              Transferred from construction in progress                   63             62                 10             (135)         —
              Disposals                                                  (48)          (563)             (137)               (70)      (818)
              Disposal of discontinued operation                       (353)           (221)               (85)            (151)       (810)
              Effect of exchange rate difference                           8             28                  9                 3         48

              Balance at 31 December 2017                             5,082           3,729               804               403      10,018

              Balance at 1 January 2018                               5,082           3,729               804               403      10,018
              Additions                                                  28              67                39               379         513
              Transferred from construction in progress                  68              66                10              (144)         —
              Disposals                                                 (51)           (144)              (82)               —         (277)
              Transfer to inventory                                      —             (107)               —                 —         (107)
              Effect of exchange rate difference                         10               5                (4)               —           11

              Balance at 31 December 2018                             5,137           3,616               767               638      10,158

              Accumulated depreciation and impairment:
              Balance at 1 January 2017                               (1,022)         (1,699)            (556)               —        (3,277)
              Depreciation charge for the year                          (188)           (371)            (132)               —          (691)
              Impairment losses                                           —             (123)              (26)              —          (149)
              Written back on impairment provision                        —                82                 8              —             90
              Written back on disposals                                   12             137                67               —           216
              Written back on disposal of discontinued operation          29               44               32               —           105
              Effect of exchange rate difference                           (8)            (23)               (7)             —            (38)

              Balance at 31 December 2017                             (1,177)         (1,953)            (614)               —        (3,744)

              Balance at 1 January 2018                               (1,177)         (1,953)            (614)               —       (3,744)
              Depreciation charge for the year                          (185)           (309)             (91)               —         (585)
              Impairment losses                                           —               (1)              —                 —           (1)
              Written back on disposals                                   31             110               54                —          195
              Transfer to inventory                                       —               56               —                 —           56
              Effect of exchange rate difference                          (1)             (2)               1                —           (2)

              Balance at 31 December 2018                             (1,332)         (2,099)            (650)               —       (4,081)

              Net book value:
              Balance at 31 December 2018                             3,805           1,517               117               638       6,077

              Balance at 31 December 2017                             3,905           1,776               190               403       6,274


      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2018




11 Property, plant and equipment (continued)
   As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount of machinery, plant and equipment leased out under
   operating leases is RMB119 million (31 December 2017: RMB178 million), which mainly represents
   machinery reprocessed from customers. The lease term generally ranges from 1 to 4 years (2017: 1 to
   4 years). These operating leases does not contain contingent lease rentals. The future minimum lease
   payments under non-cancellable operating lease in the aggregate are receivable as follows:


                                                                                  2018                2017
                                                                                  RMB                  RMB
                                                                              millions              millions


    Within 1 year                                                                    18                  49
    After 1 year but within 2 years                                                  14                  21
    After 2 years but within 3 years                                                 12                  18
    Thereafter                                                                       14                  39


                                                                                     58                 127




                                                                                                                 181
182
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      12 Intangible assets
                                                                                   Software,
                                                                                    patents,
                                                                                   operating                        Capitalised
                                                                    Technical     and similar       Customer       development
                                                   Trademarks       know how           rights    relationships            costs       Total
                                                          RMB            RMB            RMB               RMB              RMB         RMB
                                                       millions       millions       millions          millions         millions    millions

              Cost:
              Balance at 1 January 2017                  1,214            204            751               560              721       3,450
              Additions                                     —               10            16                —               130         156
              Disposal of discontinued operation            —              (58)         (328)               —                (80)      (466)
              Effect of exchange rate difference            41              16             2                16                16         91

              Balance at 31 December 2017                1,255            172            441               576              787       3,231

              Balance at 1 January 2018                  1,255            172            441               576              787       3,231
              Additions                                     —               7             12                —                84         103
              Disposals                                     —              —              (2)               —               (14)        (16)
              Effect of exchange rate difference             8              5             —                  5               —           18

              Balance at 31 December 2018                1,263            184            451               581              857       3,336

              Accumulated amortisation
                and impairment:
              Balance at 1 January 2017                     (38)           (78)         (215)             (267)            (170)       (768)
              Amortisation for the year                       (1)          (34)           (37)              (54)             (95)      (221)
              Written back on disposal of
                discontinued operation                       —               7            12                —                15           34
              Effect of exchange rate difference             —              (6)            (1)             (12)               (7)        (26)

              Balance at 31 December 2017                   (39)          (111)         (241)             (333)            (257)       (981)

              Balance at 1 January 2018                     (39)         (111)          (241)             (333)            (257)       (981)
              Amortisation for the year                      —            (25)           (35)              (52)             (90)       (202)
              Disposals                                      —             —               2                —                —            2
              Effect of exchange rate difference             —             (1)            —                 (1)              —           (2)

              Balance at 31 December 2018                   (39)         (137)          (274)             (386)            (347)     (1,183)

              Net book value:
              Balance at 31 December 2018                1,224             47            177               195              510       2,153

              Balance at 31 December 2017                1,216             61            200               243              530       2,250




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2018




13 Goodwill and business combination
                                                                                                       2018                2017
                                                                                                       RMB                 RMB
                                                                                                   millions              millions


    Balance at 1 January                                                                              2,088                2,076
    Disposal (Note 7)                                                                                     —                  (46)
    Impairment loss (Note)                                                                               (50)                (24)
    Effect of exchange rate difference                                                                     8                  82


    Balance at 31 December                                                                            2,046                2,088


   Note: The RMB50 million impairment loss recognized during the year ended 31 December 2018 related to the Group’s Zoomlion Heavy
         Machinery Co., Ltd. (“Zoomlion Heavy Machinery”) cash generating unit, considering the impact of weak market demand to the
         recoverable amount.



   The goodwill arose from the acquisition of the following entities:

                                                                                                      Carrying amount
                                                                                                        2018               2017
                                                                                                        RMB                RMB
    Name of entity                                                  Date of acquisition              millions            millions


    CIFA                                                                September 2008                  1,523              1,515
    Shaanxi Zoomlion Earth Working Machinery Co., Ltd.
       (formerly “Shaanxi Xinhuanggong Machinery Co., Ltd.”)                   June 2008                  115                115
    Hunan Zoomlion Axle Co., Ltd.                                              June 2008                   12                 12
    m-tec                                                                      April 2014                  33                 33
    Zoomlion Heavy Machinery
       (formerly “Chery Heavy Industry Co., Ltd.”)                         January 2015                   363                413


                                                                                                        2,046              2,088




                                                                                                                                      183
184
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      13 Goodwill and business combination (continued)
            Goodwill impairment test
            The recoverable amounts of the respective cash-generating units have been determined by a value-in-
            use calculation, which used cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management.
            The cash flow projections covered a period of five years and adopted pre-tax discount rates ranging from
            approximately 8.68% to 17.00% (2017: 11.32% to 18.07%). The discount rates were determined based
            on the applicable weighted average cost of capital of the acquirees, which reflects the time value of
            money and the specific risks relating to the respective acquirees’ businesses. The cash flow projections
            have taken into account the historical financial performance, expected sales growth rates and profit
            margins of the respective acquirees, market conditions and other available information. The assumptions
            used are based on management’s past experience of the specific market, having made reference to
            external sources of information. Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using estimated
            growth rates from 2.5% to 3.0% (2017: 2.5% to 3.0%), which does not exceed the long-term average
            growth rate for the business in which the respective cash-generating units operate.


      14 Interests in associates
                                                                                             2018             2017
                                                                                             RMB              RMB
                                                                                          millions          millions


              Infore Environment                                                            2,795                —
              ZEI                                                                               —            2,572


              Aggregate carrying amount of individually material
                associates in the consolidated financial statements                         2,795            2,572


              Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial
                associates in the consolidated financial statements                           705              551


              Total                                                                         3,500            3,123


            The above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                         Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2018




14 Interests in associates (continued)
    The following list contains only the particulars of a material associate, which is a listed corporate entity
    whose quoted market price is available:


                                                                                                     Proportion of ownership
                                                                                                            interest
                                                                                    Particulars of
                                                        Form of          Place of     issued and          Group’s         Held
                                                       business     incorporation paid up capital         effective      by the         Principal
     Name of associate                                 structure    and business        (millions)         interest    Company          activities
                                                                                                                                    Environmental
     Infore Environment Technology Group Co., ltd.                                                                                construction and
       (“Infore Environment”) (Note)                 Incorporated           China      RMB3,163            12.62%       12.62% project operation


    Note: Infore Environment is listed on the main board of Shenzhen Stock Exchange. On 31 December 2018, the quoted market price of Infore
           Environment was RMB5.65 per share and the fair value of the investment in Infore Environment was RMB2,256 million.


    Pursuant to the board of directors resolution of ZEI held on 15 April 2018, a dividend of RMB568 million
    was declared to its shareholders, among which RMB114 million was declared to the Company. The
    Company, together with the other shareholders of ZEI, invested a total amount of RMB534 million to
    Changsha Yingtai Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (“Changsha Yingtai”) as initial capital injection. The
    shareholders of ZEI obtained the shares in Changsha Yingtai in which the Company holds 21.28% equity
    interest and accounts for it as an associate as at 31 December 2018. On 31 July 2018, Changsha Yingtai
    paid a consideration of RMB501 million to ZEI in exchange of its 81.44% equity interest in Ladurner
    Ambiente S.p.A (“Ladurner”) which had been a subsidiary of ZEI since 2016. After this transaction,
    Ladurner was spun-off from ZEI and became a subsidiary of Changsha Yintai.

    On 17 July 2018, the Company together with other seven shareholders of ZEI (collectively referred to as
    the “Sellers”) entered into an asset purchase agreement (the “Agreement”) with Infore Environment to
    exchange all Sellers’ shares in ZEI (after spun-off Ladurner) with 63.11% shares in Infore Environment (the
    “Transaction”). Upon completion of this transaction, the Company would obtain 12.62% of equity interest
    in Infore Environment with 399,214,659 newly issued shares.




                                                                                                                                                     185
186
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      14 Interests in associates (continued)
            On 26 November 2018, the Transaction was approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission.
            On 27 November 2018, Infore Environment finished completion of the change of the Industry and
            Commerce Administration authorities and the Transaction was completed. The Company obtains
            significant influence over Infore Environment as a result of the right of representation on the Board
            of Directors of Infore Environment. The investment in Infore Environment is recognised as interest in
            associate with a consideration of RMB2,795 million and a gain of RMB148 million was recognised in other
            income during the year (see Note 4).

            On 4 January 2019, the newly issued stock registration procedures were completed, and the Company
            received the shares of Infore Environment.

            In accordance with the profit compensation agreement in relation to the above transaction, if ZEI fails to
            achieve net profit (after deducting non-recurring gains and losses) of RMB997 million, RMB1,230 million
            and RMB1,495 million for years 2018, 2019 and 2020 respectively, Infore Environment may require
            the Sellers to compensate the difference between the promised profit and actual profit in proportion
            by shares and/or by cash. For the year 2018, ZEI has achieved the performance target. Management
            expected the probability of outflow of economic benefits in relation to the compensation is remote and
            therefore no contingent liability is provided or disclosed.

            Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:


                                                                                               2018             2017
                                                                                              RMB               RMB
                                                                                            millions          millions


              Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial
                associates in the consolidated financial statements                             705              551


                                                                                               2018             2017
                                                                                              RMB               RMB
                                                                                            millions          millions


              Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those associates’
                Profit/(loss) from operations                                                    35               (17)
                Other comprehensive income                                                       —                 —
                Total comprehensive income                                                       35               (17)




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2018




15 Other financial assets

                                                                                       31 December                   1 January          31 December
                                                                                               2018                      2018                  2017
                                                                                               RMB                       RMB                   RMB
                                                                      Note                  millions                   millions              millions


         Financial assets at FVOCI
           Equity securities                                          (i),(iii)                   2,268                   2,140                        —

         Financial assets at FVPL
           Listed equity securities                                   (ii),(iii)                     111                      14                       —

         Available-for-sale equity securities
           Equity securities                                            (iii)                          —                       —                  2,154

         Total                                                                                    2,379                   2,154                   2,154


   Notes:


   (i)       The equity securities comprises equity funds and other unlisted equity securities. The fair value of equity funds and unlisted equity
             securities was RMB1,364 million and RMB904 million respectively at 31 December 2018. The Group designated these investments at
             FVOCI (non-recycling), as the investments are held for strategic purposes. Dividends of RMB32 million were received on investments in
             equity securities during the year (see Note 4). A loss accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) of RMB16 million in relation to
             partial disposal of equity securities was transferred to retained earnings during the year.


   (ii)      The listed equity securities represent the Group’s investments in listed companies. The fair value of these investments was
             RMB111 million, based on their quoted market prices as at 31 December 2018.


   (iii)     Available-for-sale financial assets were reclassified to financial assets at FVOCI and financial assets at FVPL upon the initial application of
             IFRS 9 at 1 January 2018 (see Note 1(d)).




                                                                                                                                                               187
188
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      16 Inventories
            (a)     Inventories in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise:
                                                                                                                           2018                    2017
                                                                                                                           RMB                     RMB
                                                                                                                       millions                millions


                     Raw materials                                                                                        2,443                    1,935
                     Work in progress                                                                                     1,625                    1,147
                     Finished goods (Note)                                                                                5,483                    5,804


                                                                                                                          9,551                    8,886


                    Note: The Group takes various measures to recover overdue debtors including repossession of sold machinery. These reprocessed
                           machinery are normally subject to rebuild and are expected to be either resale or leased out under operating leases. The Group
                           estimated the net realisable value of these machinery taking into account the expected selling price in the current second-hand
                           machinery market.



            (b)     The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in profit
                    or loss was presented in Note 5(c).

      17 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                                                                                           2018                    2017
                                                                                                                           RMB                     RMB
                                                                                                                       millions                millions


              Financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss:
                  — Wealth management products (Note)                                                                     8,443                    6,319
                  — Structured deposits (Note)                                                                            5,344                       —
                  — Derivative financial instruments                                                                           —                      4


                                                                                                                         13,787                    6,323


            Note: The Group invests its spare cash in wealth management products and structured deposits offered by banks and other financial
                    institutions. These products generally have a pre-set maturity and expected return, with its underlying assets being a wide range of
                    government and corporate bonds, central bank bills, money market funds as well as other listed and unlisted equity securities in the
                    PRC. The Group evaluates these products on a fair value basis in accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(e).




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2018




18 Trade and other receivables

                                                                      31 December              1 January       31 December
                                                                                2018                2018                2017
                                                                                RMB                 RMB                  RMB
                                                                             millions             millions            millions


    Trade receivables (Notes (a) and (b))                                     28,497              26,917              26,917
    Less: loss allowance (Note (c))                                            (5,912)             (5,993)             (5,937)


                                                                              22,585              20,924              20,980
    Less: trade receivables due after one year                                 (5,498)             (4,096)             (4,106)


                                                                              17,087              16,828              16,874
    Bills receivable (Note (d))                                                1,350               2,237                2,237


                                                                              18,437              19,065              19,111
    Amounts due from related parties (Note 34(b))                                376               1,175                1,175
    Prepayments for purchase of raw materials                                    558                 210                  210
    Prepaid expenses                                                             494                 465                  465
    VAT recoverable                                                              970                 885                  885
    Deposits                                                                     123                 141                  141
    Others                                                                       596                 674                  674


                                                                              21,554              22,615              22,661


   All of the trade and other receivables, except those described below, are expected to be recovered or
   recognised as expense within one year.

   Note: Upon the adoption of IFRS 9, an opening adjustment as at 1 January 2018 was made to recognise additional ECLs on trade
         receivables.




                                                                                                                                   189
190
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      18 Trade and other receivables (continued)
            (a)    Trading terms and factoring of trade receivables
                   The Group generally allows certain customers with appropriate credit standing to make payments
                   in instalments over a maximum period of 42 months (“instalment payment method”). Instalment
                   payments with terms more than one year are discounted at a rate which approximates the debtor’s
                   borrowing rate in transactions with an independent lender under comparable terms and conditions.
                   For the year ended 31 December 2018, the weighted average discount rate was approximately
                   4.75% (2017: 4.75%) per annum. As at 31 December 2018, trade receivables due after one year of
                   RMB5,498 million (31 December 2017: RMB4,106 million) were presented net of unearned interest of
                   RMB564 million (31 December 2017: RMB419 million).


            (b)    Ageing analysis of trade receivables
                   As at the end of the reporting period, ageing analysis based on the invoice date of trade receivables
                   (which are included in trade and other receivables), net of loss allowance is as follows:

                                                                                                 2018             2017
                                                                                                RMB               RMB
                                                                                              millions          millions


                    Within 1 year                                                              11,495           11,605
                    Over 1 year but less than 2 years                                           4,132            4,810
                    Over 2 years but less than 3 years                                          2,813            3,775
                    Over 3 years but less than 5 years                                          3,754              790
                    Over 5 years                                                                  391                —


                                                                                               22,585           20,980


                   Trade receivables under credit sales arrangement are generally due within 1 to 3 months from the
                   date of billing, and customers are normally required to make an upfront payment ranging from 40%
                   to 50% of the product price (2017: 30% to 40%). For sales under instalment payment method that
                   has instalment payment periods generally ranging from 6 to 42 months (2017: 6 to 42 months),
                   customers are normally required to make an upfront payment ranging from 30% to 50% of the
                   product price (2017: 20% to 40%).

                   As part of the Group’s ongoing control procedures, management monitors the creditworthiness
                   of customers to which it grants credit in the normal course of business. Credit exposure limits are
                   established to avoid concentration risk with respect to any single customer.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2018




18 Trade and other receivables (continued)
   (c)   Impairment of trade receivables
         The movement in the loss allowance in respect of trade receivables during the year is as follows:

                                                                                            2018                2017
                                                                                            RMB                  RMB
                                                                     Note                millions             millions


          Balance at 31 December 2017 under IAS 39                                         5,937
          Impact on initial application of IFRS 9                                              56


          Adjusted/balance at 1 January                                                    5,993                2,853
          Impairment losses recognised                                                       145                5,937
          Reclassification from loss allowance of
            receivables under finance lease                          19(c)                     16                    2
          Uncollectible amounts written off                                                  (242)               (304)
          Written off upon disposal of discontinued operation          7                       —                   (63)
          Written off upon sale of trade receivables                                           —               (2,488)


          Balance at 31 December                                                           5,912                5,937


   (d)   Bills receivable represent short-term bank acceptance notes receivable that entitle the Group
         to receive the full face amount from the banks at maturity, which generally ranges from 3 to 6
         months from the date of issuance. Historically, the Group had experienced no credit losses on bills
         receivable. The Group from time to time endorses bills receivable to suppliers in order to settle trade
         payables.

         As at 31 December 2018, the Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills to suppliers for settling
         trade payables of the same amount on a full recourse basis. The Group has derecognised these
         bills receivable and payables to suppliers in their entirety. These derecognised bank acceptance bills
         had a maturity date of less than six months from the end of the reporting period. In the opinion of
         the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of these
         bills and has discharged its obligation of the payables to its suppliers, and the Group has limited
         exposure in respect of the settlement obligation of these bills receivable under the relevant PRC
         rules and regulations, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date. The Group
         considered the issuing banks of these bills are of good credit quality and non-settlement of these bills
         by the issuing banks on maturity is not probable. As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s maximum
         exposure to loss and undiscounted cash outflow, which is same as the amount payable by the Group
         to suppliers in respect of the endorsed bills, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity
         date, amounted to RMB2,343 million (31 December 2017: RMB1,031 million).




                                                                                                                           191
192
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      18 Trade and other receivables (continued)
            As at 31 December 2018, bills receivable of RMB203 million (31 December 2017: Nil) were discounted to
            banks or other financial institutions with recourse, where substantially the risks and rewards of ownership
            had not been transferred. Since the Group has continuing involvement in the transferred assets, these
            discounted bills receivable were therefore not derecognised. As at 31 December 2018, no bills receivable
            (31 December 2017: RMB148 million) was discounted to banks or other financial institutions without
            recourse, where substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership had been transferred. Since the
            Group does not have continuing involvement in the transferred assets, these discounted bills receivable
            were therefore derecognised.

      19 Receivables under finance lease
                                                                                  31 December               1 January        31 December
                                                                                             2018                 2018                2017
                                                                                             RMB                  RMB                 RMB
                                                                                         millions              millions             millions


              Gross investment                                                             14,623              14,715               14,715
              Unearned finance income                                                        (465)                (354)                (354)


                                                                                           14,158              14,361               14,361
              Less: loss allowance (Note(c))                                               (1,667)              (1,598)              (1,560)


                                                                                           12,491              12,763               12,801
              Less: receivables under finance lease due after one year                     (3,656)              (1,862)              (1,870)


              Receivables under finance lease due within one year                           8,835              10,901               10,931


            The Group provides equipment finance lease services to customers purchasing machinery products of
            the Group or other vendors through its leasing subsidiaries. Under the finance lease arrangement, the
            collectability of the minimum lease payments is reasonably predictable, there is no significant uncertainty
            surrounding the amount of un-reimbursable cost yet to be incurred by the Group under the lease
            arrangement. The finance lease contracts entered into by the Group typically are for a period ranging from
            2 to 5 years (2017: 2 to 5 years). Customers are normally required to make an upfront payment ranging
            from 5% to 40% of the product price (2017: 5% to 30%) and pay a security deposit ranging from 1%
            to 10% of the product price (2017: 1% to 10%). At the end of the lease term, the lessee has an option
            to purchase the leased machinery at nominal value and the ownership of the leased machinery is then
            transferred to the lessee. The leases do not provide any guarantee of residual values.

            Note: Upon the adoption of IFRS 9, an opening adjustment as at 1 January 2018 was made to recognise additional ECLs on receivables
                   under finance lease.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2018




19 Receivables under finance lease (continued)
   (a)   Ageing analysis of receivables under finance lease
         The minimum lease payments receivable as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                     2018                2017
                                                                                     RMB                  RMB
                                                                                 millions              millions


          Present value of the minimum lease payments
          Within 1 year                                                            10,260              12,283
          Over 1 year but less than 2 years                                         2,102                1,008
          Over 2 years but less than 3 years                                        1,235                  649
          Over 3 years                                                                561                  421


                                                                                   14,158              14,361


          Unearned finance income
          Within 1 year                                                               320                  286
          Over 1 year but less than 2 years                                             88                  40
          Over 2 years but less than 3 years                                            41                  19
          Over 3 years                                                                  16                    9


                                                                                      465                  354


          Gross investment
          Within 1 year                                                            10,580              12,569
          Over 1 year but less than 2 years                                         2,190                1,048
          Over 2 years but less than 3 years                                        1,276                  668
          Over 3 years                                                                577                  430


                                                                                   14,623              14,715




                                                                                                                    193
194
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      19 Receivables under finance lease (continued)
            (b)    Overdue analysis
                   Overdue analysis of receivables under finance lease as at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                              2018                2017
                                                                                                              RMB                  RMB
                                                                                                           millions             millions


                    Not yet due                                                                               6,663               7,466
                    Within 1 year past due                                                                    2,535               2,879
                    Over 1 year but less than 2 years past due                                                2,588               1,702
                    Over 2 years past due                                                                     2,372               2,314


                    Total past due                                                                            7,495               6,895


                                                                                                            14,158              14,361
                    Less: loss allowance                                                                     (1,667)             (1,560)


                                                                                                            12,491              12,801


                   Past due receivables refer to the amount remains unpaid after the relevant payment due date,
                   including those receivables that are overdue for only one day.

            (c)    Impairment of receivables under finance lease
                   The movement in the loss allowance in respect of receivables under finance lease during the year, is
                   as follows:

                                                                                                              2018                2017
                                                                                                              RMB                  RMB
                                                                                       Note                millions             millions


                    Balance at 31 December 2017 under IAS 39                                                  1,560
                    Impact on initial application of IFRS 9                                                      38


                    Adjusted/balance at 1 January                                                             1,598                 765
                    Impairment losses recognised                                                                 85                 797
                    Reclassification to loss allowance of trade receivables            18(c)                    (16)                  (2)


                    Balance at 31 December                                                                    1,667               1,560


                   Note:	Upon the adoption of IFRS 9, an opening adjustment as at 1 January 2018 was made to recognise additional ECLs on
                          receivables under finance lease.



      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2018




19 Receivables under finance lease (continued)
   (d)     The Group monitors the credit risk arising from finance lease arrangement through various control
           measures as set out in Note 31(b)(ii). Provided it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to
           the Group and the revenue and costs, if applicable, can be measured reliably, finance income under
           finance lease is recognised in accordance with the accounting policies as set out in Note 2(t)(ii).


20 Pledged bank deposits
   The pledged bank deposits primarily represent cash maintained at banks as security for guarantees of
   payment relating to the issuance of bills payable to certain vendors of the Group, for guarantees given by
   the Group to banks in respect of loans provided by such banks to certain customers for purchase of the
   Group’s products (Note 33(a)) and for receivables that have been factored to banks. Upon maturity of the
   bills payable, which generally range from 3 to 6 months, or upon full repayment of the customers’ loans or
   receivables, the restriction on the bank deposits is released.


21 Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                    2018                2017
                                                                                    RMB                 RMB
                                                                                 millions            millions


    Cash at bank and on hand
         — RMB denominated                                                         7,541               5,727
         — USD denominated                                                           650                 603
         — EUR denominated                                                           352                 667
         — HKD denominated                                                            12                    6
         — Other currencies                                                          199                 145


                                                                                   8,754               7,148




                                                                                                                         195
196
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      21 Cash and cash equivalents (continued)
            Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities. Liabilities arising from
            financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the
            Group’s consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from financing activities.


                                                                    Bank loans          RMB         Deposits
                                                                     and other     commercial     placed with
                                                                    borrowings         paper     an associate
                                                                          RMB           RMB             RMB         Total
                                                                         million       million         million      RMB
                                                            Note      (Note 22)      (Note 22)      (Note 22)      million


              At 1 January 2017                                         31,597         1,200               —      32,797


              Changes from financing cash flows:
              Proceeds from loans and borrowings                        14,306             —           2,212      16,518
              Repayments of loans and borrowings                       (13,974)        (1,200)        (2,083)     (17,257)
              Payments on repurchase of
                guaranteed USD senior notes                              (2,703)           —               —       (2,703)
              Interest paid                                              (1,527)           —               —       (1,527)


              Total changes from financing cash flows                    (3,898)       (1,200)           129       (4,969)


              Exchange adjustments                                          (33)           —               —          (33)


              Other changes:
              Discontinued operation                           7          (689)            —               —         (689)
              Change in interest payable                                     46            —               —           46
              Capitalised borrowing costs                                     4            —               —            4
              Interest on loans and borrowings               5(a)        1,488             —               —        1,488


              Total other changes                                          849             —               —         849


              At 31 December 2017                                       28,515             —             129      28,644




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2018




21 Cash and cash equivalents (continued)
                                                      Bank loans        RMB        Deposits
                                                       and other commercial      placed with
                                                      borrowings       paper an associate
                                                           RMB          RMB            RMB             Total
                                                          million     million        million           RMB
                                              Note      (Note 22)    (Note 22)      (Note 22)        million


    At 1 January 2018                                     28,515           —            129          28,644


    Changes from financing cash flows:
    Proceeds from loans and borrowings                    21,163           —           1,042         22,205
    Repayments of loans and borrowings                   (13,931)          —          (1,132)       (15,063)
    Payments on repurchase of guaranteed
     USD senior notes                                       (325)          —              —             (325)
    Interest paid                                         (1,428)          —              —           (1,428)


    Total changes from financing cash flows                5,479           —             (90)         5,389


    Exchange adjustments                                     235           —              —              235


    Other changes:
    Change in interest payable                                 (2)         —              —                (2)
    Capitalised borrowing costs                              (28)          —              —              (28)
    Interest on loans and borrowings           5(a)        1,451           —              —           1,451


    Total other changes                                    1,421           —              —           1,421


    At 31 December 2018                                   35,650           —              39         35,689




                                                                                                                  197
198
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      22 Loans and borrowings
            (a)    Short-term loans and borrowings
                                                                                                                                2018                   2017
                                                                                                                                RMB                    RMB
                                                                                                        Note                millions                 millions


                         Secured short-term bank loans
                           — RMB denominated                                                               (i)                     50                     50
                           — EUR denominated                                                              (ii)                      —                       6


                         Pledged short-term bank loans                                                    (iii)                   703                      —


                         Unsecured short-term bank loans
                           — RMB denominated                                                              (iv)                 6,911                  3,975
                           — USD denominated                                                              (v)                     639                    529
                           — EUR denominated                                                              (vi)                     23                    467
                         Deposits placed with an associate                                               (vii)                     39                    129
                         Gold leasing arrangements                                                       (viiii)                    —                    396


                                                                                                                               8,365                  5,552
                         Add: current portion of long-term
                            loans and borrowings                                                        22(b)                 13,679                  3,796


                                                                                                                              22,044                  9,348


                   Notes:
                   (i)       As at 31 December 2018, RMB denominated secured short-term bank loan of RMB50 million (31 December 2017:
                             RMB50 million) bore interest at a fixed rate of 4.83% were secured by certain land and properties, and will be repayable in full in
                             2019.


                   (ii)      EUR denominated secured short-term bank loan of RMB6 million was all repaid in 2018.


                   (iii)     As at 31 December 2018, RMB denominated pledged short-term bank loan of RMB703 million (31 December 2017: RMB Nil)
                             bore interest at a fixed rate of 3.30% were pledged by financial assets and bank acceptance bills, and will be repayable in full in
                             2019.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2018




22 Loans and borrowings (continued)
   (a)   Short-term loans and borrowings (continued)
         (iv)     As at 31 December 2018, RMB denominated unsecured short-term bank loan of RMB1,200 million (31 December 2017:
                  RMB1,515 million) bore interest at a fixed rate of 4.13% per annum and will be repayable in full in 2019. Such short-term loan
                  was subject to the fulfilment of certain financial covenants of the Group. As at 31 December 2018, the Group was in compliance
                  with these financial covenants.


                  As at 31 December 2018, the remaining RMB denominated unsecured short-term bank loans of RMB5,711 million
                  (31 December 2017: RMB2,460 million) bore interest from 2.25% to 4.83% per annum and will be repayable in full in 2019.


          (v)     As at 31 December 2018, USD denominated unsecured short-term bank loans of RMB639 million (31 December 2017:
                  RMB529 million) bore interest from 3.50% to 4.45% per annum and will be repayable in full in 2019.


         (vi)     As at 31 December 2018, EUR denominated unsecured short-term bank loans of RMB23 million (31 December 2017:
                  RMB467 million) bore interest at a fixed rate of 2.55% per annum and will be repayable in full in 2019.


         (vii)    As at 31 December 2018, the demand deposits due to an associate which bore interest at a fixed rate of 0.35% per annum were
                  unsecured.


         (viii)   Gold leasing agreements of RMB396 million was all repaid in 2018.




                                                                                                                                                   199
200
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      22 Loans and borrowings (continued)
            (b)    Long-term loans and borrowings
                                                                                                                             2018                   2017
                                                                                                                             RMB                    RMB
                                                                                                      Note               millions                millions


                         Unsecured long-term bank loans
                           — RMB denominated                                                            (i)                 8,201                  8,621
                           — EUR denominated                                                           (ii)                 1,629                  1,711
                           — USD denominated                                                           (iii)                   389                     —
                         RMB medium-term notes                                                         (iv)                11,491                  8,996
                         Guaranteed USD senior notes                                                   (v)                  3,620                  3,764
                         Debentures                                                                    (vi)                 1,994                      —


                                                                                                                           27,324                23,092
                         Less: current portion of long-term
                              loans and borrowings                                                    22(a)               (13,679)                (3,796)


                                                                                                                           13,645                19,296


                   Notes:
                   (i)       As at 31 December 2018, RMB denominated unsecured long-term bank loans of RMB465 million (31 December 2017:
                             RMB400 million) bore interest at a fixed rate of 4.37% per annum and will be repayable in full in 2019. Such long-term loan was
                             subject to the fulfilment of certain financial covenants of the Group. As at 31 December 2018, the Group was in compliance with
                             these financial covenants.


                             As at 31 December 2018, RMB denominated unsecured long-term bank loan of RMB2,646 million (31 December 2017:
                             RMB200 million) bore interest rate from 4.15% to 4.38% per annum and will be repayable in full in 2019.


                             As at 31 December 2018, RMB denominated unsecured long-term bank loans of RMB1,200 million (31 December 2017:
                             RMB2,134 million) bore interest at a fixed rate of 4.37% per annum and will be repayable from 2019 to 2027. Such long-
                             term loan was subject to the fulfilment of certain financial covenants of the Group. As at 31 December 2018, the Group was in
                             compliance with these financial covenants.


                             As at 31 December 2018, RMB denominated unsecured long-term bank loan of RMB3,890 million (31 December 2017:
                             RMB5,887 million) bore interest rate from 3.45% to 4.90% per annum and will be repayable by half-yearly instalments from 2019
                             to 2020.


                   (ii)      As at 31 December 2018, EUR denominated unsecured long-term bank loans of RMB1,629 million (31 December 2017:
                             RMB1,711 million) bore interest from 0.67% to 2.55% per annum and will be repayable in full in 2019.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2018




22 Loans and borrowings (continued)
   (b)   Long-term loans and borrowings (continued)
         (iii)   As at 31 December 2018, USD denominated unsecured long-term bank loans of RMB389 million (31 December 2017: RMB Nil)
                 bore interest from 3.50% to 3.91% per annum and will be repayable from 2019 to 2020.


         (iv)    In October 2014, the Company issued 5-year RMB medium-term notes with principal amount of RMB9,000 million. The notes
                 bore interest at a fixed rate of 5.80% per annum and will mature in October 2019. Interest on the notes will be payable yearly in
                 arrears in October, beginning from October 2015.


                 In December 2018, the Company issued 5-year RMB medium-term notes with principle amount of RMB2,500 million. The notes
                 bore interest at a fixed rate of 4.49% per annum and will mature in December 2023. Interest on the notes will be payable yearly
                 in arrears in December, beginning from December 2018.


         (v)     In December 2012, Zoomlion H.K. SPV Co., Limited issued 10-year senior notes with principal amount of USD 600 million. The
                 senior notes are guaranteed by the Company, bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.13% per annum and will mature in December
                 2022. Interest on the notes will be payable half-yearly in arrears in June and December of each year, beginning from June 2013.


                 In December 2016, senior notes with the carrying amount of USD 19.20 million (RMB equivalent 132 million) was repurchased
                 at the quoted market price of USD19.10 million (RMB equivalent 131 million) and the difference of RMB 1 million between the
                 purchase price and the carrying amount was charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                 income for the year ended 31 December 2016.


                 During 2018, senior notes with the carrying amount of USD 49.10 million (RMB equivalent 329 million) was repurchased at
                 the quoted market price of USD 48.60 million (RMB equivalent 325 million) and the difference of RMB 4 million between the
                 purchase price and the carrying amount was charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                 income for the year ended 31 December 2018.


         (vi)    In December 2018, the Company issued 5-year RMB debentures with principal amount of RMB2,000 million. The debentures
                 bore interest at a fixed rate of 4.65% per annum and will mature in December 2023. Interest on the debentures will be payable
                 yearly in arrears in December, beginning from December 2019.



   (c)   Except as disclosed in Notes 22(a)(iii) and 22(b)(i) above, none of the Group’s loans and
         borrowings contains any financial covenants.




                                                                                                                                                     201
202
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      23 Trade and other payables
                                                                                      31 December                1 January         31 December
                                                                                                 2018                  2018                  2017
                                                                                                 RMB                   RMB                   RMB
                                                                                             millions               millions              millions


              Trade creditors                                                                   6,998                 5,700                 5,700
              Bills payable                                                                     3,802                 3,394                 3,394


              Trade creditors and bills payable (Note (a))                                     10,800                 9,094                 9,094
              Amounts due to related parties (Note 34(b))                                           23                    50                    50
              Amounts due to non-controlling shareholders
                 of certain subsidiaries                                                           338                  468                   468
              Receipts in advance (Note 24)                                                         —                     —                 1,330
              Payable for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                             259                  249                   249
              Accrued staff costs                                                                  568                  488                   488
              Product warranty provision (Note (b))                                                 82                    75                    75
              VAT payable                                                                          601                  261                   261
              Sundry taxes payable                                                                 131                  171                   171
              Security deposits (Note 28)                                                          397                  504                   504
              Interest payable                                                                     143                  141                   141
              Financial guarantees issued (Note 33)                                                 55                    35                    35
              Other accrued expenses and payables                                               1,895                 1,740                 1,740
              Dividends payable                                                                    251                    —                     —
              Locked restricted share (Note 25)                                                    243                  386                   386


                                                                                               15,786                13,662                14,992



            Note: As a result of the adoption of IFRS 15, gross amount due to customers for advances received is included in contract liabilities and
                   disclosed in Note 24 (see Note 1(d)(ii)).


            All of the other trade and other payables are expected to be settled or recognised as income within one
            year or are repayable on demand.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2018




23 Trade and other payables (continued)
   (a)   Ageing analysis of trade creditors and bills payable as at the end of the reporting period is
         as follows:
                                                                                      2018                2017
                                                                                      RMB                  RMB
                                                                                  millions              millions


          Due within 1 month or on demand                                            4,638                4,254
          Due after 1 month but within 3 months                                      2,791                2,103
          Due after 3 months but within 6 months                                     3,223                2,542
          Due after 6 months but less than 12 months                                   148                  195


                                                                                    10,800                9,094



   (b)   Product warranty provision
                                                                                                          RMB
                                                                                                       millions


          Balance at 1 January 2017                                                                          72
          Provision for the year                                                                            130
          Utilisation during the year                                                                      (127)


          Balance at 31 December 2017                                                                        75


          Balance at 1 January 2018                                                                          75
          Provision for the year                                                                            151
          Utilisation during the year                                                                      (144)


          Balance at 31 December 2018                                                                        82



         A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products are sold. Under the
         terms of the Group’s sales agreements, the Group will rectify any product defects arising within
         predominantly 3 to 12 months from the date of sale. Provision is therefore made for the best
         estimate of the expected settlement under these agreements in respect of products sold which
         are still within the warranty period. The amount of provision takes into account the Group’s recent
         claim experience, historical warranty data and a weighting of all possible outcomes against their
         associated probabilities.




                                                                                                                     203
204
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      24 Contract liabilities

                                                                                                31 December            1 January         31 December
                                                                                                           2018            2018 (i)              2017 (i)
                                                                                                           RMB               RMB                    RMB
                                                                                     Note              millions           millions               millions


                  Contract liabilities
                  Receipts in advance                                                    (ii)             1,602             1,330                      —


                                                                                                          1,602             1,330                      —



            Notes:
            (i)       The Group has initially applied IFRS 15 using the cumulative effect method and adjusted the opening balance at 1 January 2018.


            (ii)      Upon the adoption of IFRS 15, these amounts were reclassified from “Trade and other payables” (Note 23) to “Contract liabilities” (see
                      Note 1(d)(ii)).


                                                                                                                                                    2018
                                                                                                                                                   RMB
                                                                                                                                               millions


                  Balance at 1 January                                                                                                             1,330


                  Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue during the year
                    that was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the period                                                  (3,083)
                  Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in advance of
                    manufacturing activities                                                                                                       3,355


                  Balance at 31 December                                                                                                           1,602




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2018




25 Share incentive scheme
   On 1 November 2017, a Share Incentive Scheme was considered and approved at the first extraordinary
   general meeting of 2017, the A shareholders’ Class Meeting of 2017 and H shareholders’ Class Meeting
   of 2017. On 7 November 2017, the Company adopted the Share Incentive Scheme and the related
   resolution was considered and passed at the seventh extraordinary meeting of the fifth session of the
   board of directors, pursuant to which the date of grant for the Share Incentive Scheme of the Company
   has been set for 7 November 2017, and 171,568,961 share options and 171,568,961 restricted shares
   were planned to be granted to 1,231 selected current employees (the “Participants”) of the Group (“the
   First Grants”). Each share option shall entitle its eligible holder to purchase one Zoomlion ordinary A
   share at an exercise price of RMB4.57, and the Participants are entitled to purchase Zoomlion restricted
   A shares at RMB2.29 each. The Participants of the Share Incentive Scheme included directors, senior
   executives and core technical employees. As a result, 168,760,911 share options and 168,760,911
   restricted shares were granted to the Participants on 7 November 2017.

   On 10 September 2018, the resolution in respect of the grant of additional options and additional
   restricted shares (the “Second Grants”) under the Share Incentive Scheme was passed at sixth
   extraordinary meeting of the fifth session of board of directors, pursuant to which the date of grant for
   the Share Incentive Scheme of the Company has been set for 10 September 2018 and 19,063,218 share
   options and 19,063,218 restricted shares were planned to be granted to 405 selected current employees
   of the Group (the “Participants”). Each share option shall entitle its eligible holder to purchase one
   Zoomlion ordinary A share at an exercise price of RMB3.96, and the Participants are entitled to purchase
   Zoomlion restricted A shares at RMB1.96 each. As a result, 18,554,858 share options and 18,554,858
   restricted shares were granted to the Participants on 10 September 2018.

   On 6 November 2018, the board of directors further resolved to approve the commencement of the first
   exercise period in respect of options granted under the First Grants. A total number of 65,471,398 share
   options and 65,877,838 restricted shares granted to the Participants under First Grants were vested or
   unlocked.




                                                                                                                     205
206
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      25 Share incentive scheme (continued)
            (a)    share options
                   (i)   The terms and conditions of the share option are as follows:
                                                             Number of                                                                Contractual
                                                           instruments                                   Vesting conditions         life of option


                                                                         The first exercise period shall commence from trading
                                                                         day after expiry of the 12-month period from the date of
                                                                         grant. The share options shall be exercisable separately
                                                                         in the subsequent 3 exercise periods or tranches, whose
                                                                         percentages of options exercisable are 40%, 30%
                           Options granted to directors:                 and 30% respectively, subject to certain performance
                            — on 1 November 2017             2,288,520   conditions as the conditions of exercise.                    1.73 years


                                                                         The first exercise period shall commence from trading
                                                                         day after expiry of the 12-month period from the date of
                                                                         grant. The share options shall be exercisable separately
                                                                         in the subsequent 3 exercise periods or tranches, whose
                                                                         percentages of options exercisable are 40%, 30%
                           Options granted to employees:                 and 30% respectively, subject to certain performance
                            — on 1 November 2017           161,999,651   conditions as the conditions of exercise.                    1.73 years


                                                                         The first exercise period shall commence from trading
                                                                         day after expiry of the 12-month period from the date of
                                                                         grant. The share options shall be exercisable separately
                                                                         in the subsequent 2 exercise periods or tranches, whose
                                                                         percentages of options exercisable are 50% and 50%
                           Options granted to employees:                 respectively, subject to certain performance conditions
                            — on 10 September 2018          18,554,858   as the conditions of exercise.                               2.17 years


                                                           182,843,029




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2018




25 Share incentive scheme (continued)
   (a)   share options (continued)
         (ii)   The number and weighted average exercise prices of share options are as follows:


                                                                  2018                                2017
                                                          Weighted                         Weighted
                                                            average           Number         average             Number
                                                      exercise price     of options    exercise price          of options


                 Outstanding at the beginning
                   of the year                                  4.57 168,760,911                    —                 —
                 Exercised during the year                        —               —                 —                 —
                 Forfeited during the year                      4.57     (4,472,740)                —                 —
                 Granted during the year                        3.96     18,554,858                4.57      168,760,911


                 Outstanding at the end of the year             4.52 182,843,029                   4.57      168,760,911


                 Exercisable at the end of the year             4.57     65,471,398                 —                 —



         (iii) Fair value of share options and assumptions

                The fair value of the equity-settled share options granted on the date of the First Grants and
                the Second Grants is estimated using Black-Scholes model and conditions for the share
                options taken into account. The input variables under the applied model are as follow:


                 The First Grants                           First tranche       Second tranche            Third tranche


                 Fair value at measurement date                        0.45                 0.58                    0.65
                 Share price                                           4.55                 4.55                    4.55
                 Exercise price                                        4.57                 4.57                    4.57
                 Volatility                                      19.04%                 19.04%                   19.04%
                 Risk-free interest rate                          2.10%                  2.75%                    2.75%
                 Dividend yield                                   2.27%                  2.27%                    2.27%




                                                                                                                              207
208
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      25 Share incentive scheme (continued)
            (a)    share options (continued)
                   (iii) Fair value of share options and assumptions (continued)


                           The Second Grants                                              First tranche      Second tranche


                           Fair value at measurement date                                          0.19                   0.26
                           Share price                                                             3.69                   3.69
                           Exercise price                                                          3.96                   3.96
                           Volatility                                                           16.92%                16.92%
                           Risk-free interest rate                                               2.10%                 2.75%
                           Dividend yield                                                        3.53%                 3.53%



                         The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility in the publicly available information.


            (b)    Restricted share
                   The number of restricted shares are as follows:


                                                                                                          2018           2017
                                                                                                    Number            Number
                                                                                               of restricted      of restricted
                                                                                                     shares            shares


                    Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                    168,760,911                 —
                    Vested during the year                                                       (65,877,838)               —
                    Forfeited during the year                                                     (4,066,300)               —
                    Granted during the year                                                      18,554,858      168,760,911


                    Outstanding at the end of the year                                          117,371,631      168,760,911


                    Contractual life of restricted shares                                         1.31 years       1.73 years



                   The fair value of restricted share granted on 1 November 2017 and 10 September 2018 were
                   RMB2.26 and RMB1.71 per share, respectively, which is the difference between the market price of
                   the ordinary share at the grant date and the proceeds received from the employees.

                   The terms and conditions of the restricted shares are substantially the same as that of share
                   options, except for certain minor difference to individual’s performance criteria.


      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2018




25 Share incentive scheme (continued)
   (c)   Expected demission rate of the Participants and share incentive scheme expenses
         Management estimates the expected yearly percentage of the Participants that will leave the
         Group at the end of the vesting period /locking period in order to determine the amount of share
         incentive scheme expenses to be recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
         other comprehensive income. As at 31 December 2018, the weighted average expected demission
         rate of the Participants was assessed to be 3.05% (2017:3.02%). In 2018, share incentive scheme
         expenses of RMB267 million (2017: RMB45 million) were recognised in the consolidated statement
         of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


26 Income tax in the consolidated statement of financial position
   (a)   Income tax payable in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:


                                                                                                                    2018             2017
                                                                                                                   RMB                RMB
                                                                                                                 millions          millions


          Provision for PRC income tax (Note)                                                                        148               140
          Provision for income tax in other tax jurisdictions                                                          3                  8


                                                                                                                     151               148



         Note: Income tax payable after one year is recognized in other non-current liabilities (see Note 28).




                                                                                                                                                209
210
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      26 Income tax in the consolidated statement of financial position (continued)
            (b)    Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:
                   The components of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statement of
                   financial position and the movements during the year are presented as follows:

                   Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                                     Impact
                                                               Balance at          on initial   Balance at        Credited/       Credited/       Balance at
                                                             31 December      application of     1 January     (charged) to    (charged) to     31 December
                                                                     2017             IFRS 9          2018    profit or loss       reserves             2018
                                                                     RMB                RMB           RMB              RMB             RMB              RMB
                                                                  millions          millions       millions         millions        millions         millions


                    Deferred tax assets arising from:
                    Receivables (Note)                                902                 15           917              (93)              1              825
                    Inventories                                       114                 —            114               21              —               135
                    Accrued expenses                                   53                 —             53               48              —               101
                    Tax losses                                        210                 —            210              (73)             —               137
                    Others                                             79                 —             79                3               (4)             78


                    Total                                           1,358                 15         1,373              (94)              (3)          1,276


                    Deferred tax liabilities arising from:
                    Property, plant and equipment                      (15)               —            (15)               1              —                (14)
                    Intangible assets                                (369)                —           (369)              22               (1)           (348)
                    Lease prepayments                                  (43)               —            (43)               1              —                (42)
                    Others                                             (58)               —            (58)              15              18               (25)


                    Total                                            (485)                —           (485)              39              17             (429)




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2018




26 Income tax in the consolidated statement of financial position (continued)
   (b)   Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised: (continued)
         Year ended 31 December 2017
                                                                  Balance at        Disposal of        Credited/        Credited/       Balance at
                                                                   1 January      discontinued      (charged) to     (charged) to    31 December
                                                                       2017          operation      profit or loss       reserves            2017
                                                                       RMB                RMB                RMB            RMB              RMB
                                                                     millions          millions           millions        millions         millions


          Deferred tax assets arising from:
          Receivables                                                    614               (10)              297                1              902
          Inventories                                                     88                —                  26              —               114
          Accrued expenses                                                42                 (5)               15               1               53
          Tax losses                                                     311               (15)               (90)              4              210
          Others                                                          82               (19)                39             (23)              79


          Total                                                        1,137               (49)              287              (17)           1,358


          Deferred tax liabilities arising from:
          Property, plant and equipment                                  (24)                9                 —               —               (15)
          Intangible assets                                             (425)               48                 23             (15)            (369)
          Lease prepayments                                              (46)               —                   3              —               (43)
          Others                                                         (42)               30                (31)            (15)             (58)


          Total                                                         (537)               87                 (5)            (30)            (485)



         Note: Upon the initial application of IFRS 9, the Group has recognised deferred tax assets on the additional credit losses recognised
                  under the ECL model (see Note 1(d)(i)).



         As at 31 December 2018, deferred tax assets in respect of tax losses totalling RMB 371 million
         (31 December 2017: RMB 362 million) were not recognised by certain subsidiaries of the Company,
         as it is not probable that sufficient future taxable profits will be available to utilise such tax benefits.




                                                                                                                                                      211
212
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      27 Employee benefits plans
            As stipulated by the regulations of the PRC, the Company and its subsidiaries in the PRC participate in
            various defined contribution retirement plans organised by municipal and provincial governments for the
            Group’s PRC employees. These entities are required to make contributions to the retirement plans at
            20% of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of the employee, subject to certain salary limits. A
            member of the above plans is entitled to a pension equal to a fixed percentage of the salary prevailing
            at his or her retirement date. In addition, pursuant to Italian Law, CIFA and its Italian subsidiaries are
            required to contribute to a government-mandated pension fund at 13.5% of the employee’s salary each
            month. Pursuant to Germany Law, m - tec is required to contribute to a government-mandated pension
            fund at 9.5% of the employee’s salary each month. Contributions to these retirement plans are charged
            to profit or loss as the related employee service is provided (Note 5(b)). The Group has no other material
            obligation for the payment of benefits associated with these plans beyond the contributions described
            above.


      28 Other non-current liabilities
            Other non-current liabilities primarily represent security deposits received from customers that finance
            their purchase of the Group’s machinery products through finance lease arrangement, deferred income
            of government grants related to assets and long-term income tax. The Group requires such customers
            to pay deposits as part of the credit risk control measures. The security deposits will be refunded to
            customers upon receipt of the final lease payment. The amount of security deposits expected to be
            refunded after one year are classified as non-current liabilities, and the amounts expected to be refunded
            within one year are classified as current liabilities under the caption “Trade and other payables”.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2018




29 Capital and reserves
   (a)   Share capital
                                                                                        2018                2017
                                                                                        RMB                  RMB
                                                                                    millions              millions


          Ordinary shares issued and fully paid:
          At 1 January                                                                 7,794                7,664
          Own shares repurchased and cancelled (Note 1)                                    —                  (39)
          Share incentive scheme (Notes 1 and 25)                                          15                 169


          At 31 December                                                               7,809                7,794


          6,420,329,547 A Shares of RMB1.00 each
          1,388,207,086 H Shares of RMB1.00 each
            (2017: 6,405,840,989 A Shares of RMB1.00 each
            1,388,207,086 H Shares of RMB1.00 each)                                    7,809                7,794


         The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and
         are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. The restricted shares issued are
         subject to the unlocking conditions as detailed in Note 25. The recalled restricted shares will not be
         entitled to the declared dividends.

         All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.




                                                                                                                       213
214
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      29 Capital and reserves (continued)
            (b)    Reserves
                   The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
                   consolidated reserves is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the
                   changes in the Company’s individual component of reserves between the beginning and the end of the
                   year are as follows:

                                                                                              The Company
                                                                                               2018             2017
                                                                                               RMB              RMB
                                                                                            millions          millions


                    Capital reserve
                    Balance at 1 January                                                     14,317           14,562
                    Repurchase of own shares (Note 1)                                             —              (131)
                    Share incentive scheme (Note 25)
                       — Share option scheme                                                     48                 9
                       — Restricted share scheme                                                342              (133)
                    Dilution of interest in an associate                                          —                10
                    Cash dividends (Note 29(c))                                                  31                —


                    Balance at 31 December                                                   14,738           14,317


                    Statutory surplus reserve
                    Balance at 1 January                                                      2,963            2,937
                    Appropriation (Note 29(b)(ii))                                              369                26


                    Balance at 31 December                                                    3,332            2,963


                    Other reserve
                    Balance at 31 December 2017                                                   8
                    Transferred to retained earnings relating to financial
                       assets now measured at FVPL                                                (1)


                    Adjusted/balance at 1 January                                                 7                (1)
                    Other comprehensive income                                                    5                 9


                    Balance at 31 December                                                       12                 8




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2018




29 Capital and reserves (continued)
   (b)   Reserves (continued)
                                                                                         The Company
                                                                                          2018                2017
                                                                                          RMB                  RMB
                                                                                      millions              millions


          Retained earnings
          Balance at 31 December 2017                                                   12,020
          Transferred from fair value reserve (recycling) relating
               to financial assets now measured at FVPL                                       1
          Recognition of additional expected credit losses
               on financial assets measured at amortised cost                                (9)


          Adjusted / balance at 1 January                                               12,012              13,084
          Appropriation (Note 29(b)(ii))                                                   (369)                (26)
          Safety production fund (Note 29(d))                                                (5)                  (4)
          Cash dividends (Note 29(c))                                                    (1,556)             (1,141)
          Profit for the year                                                            3,472                  107


          Balance at 31 December                                                        13,554              12,020


          Total
          Balance at 1 January                                                          29,299              30,582


          Balance at 31 December                                                        31,636              29,308


         (i)     Capital reserve
                 Under PRC rules and regulations, capital reserve is non-distributable other than in liquidation
                 and may be utilised for business expansion or converted into ordinary shares by the issuance
                 of new shares to shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings or by increasing the
                 par value of the shares currently held by the shareholders.




                                                                                                                         215
216
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      29 Capital and reserves (continued)
            (b)    Reserves (continued)
                   (ii)   Statutory surplus reserve
                          Under PRC rules and regulations, the Company and its PRC subsidiaries are required to
                          set aside 10% of the net income determined in accordance with the PRC accounting rules
                          and regulations to a statutory surplus reserve until such reserve balance reaches 50% of
                          the registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before distribution of any
                          dividend to shareholders. For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company transferred
                          RMB369 million (2017: RMB26 million), being 10% of the current year’s net profit as
                          determined in accordance with PRC accounting rules and regulations, to this reserve.

                          The statutory surplus reserve is non-distributable other than in liquidation and can be used
                          to make good previous years’ losses, if any, and may be utilised for business expansion or
                          converted into ordinary shares by the issuance of new shares to shareholders in proportion
                          to their existing shareholdings or by increasing the par value of the shares currently held by
                          the shareholders, provided that the balance after such issuance is not less than 25% of the
                          registered capital. No such statutory surplus reserve is required for the Group’s subsidiaries
                          outside the mainland PRC.

                   (iii) Exchange reserve
                         The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of
                         the financial statements of the Group’s subsidiaries outside the mainland PRC which are dealt
                         with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in Note 2(u).

                   (iv) Fair value reserve (recycling)
                        The fair value reserve (recycling) comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of debt
                        securities measured at FVOCI under IFRS 9 held at the end of the reporting period (see Note
                        2(e)). Prior to 1 January 2018, this reserve included the cumulative net change in the fair value
                        of available-for-sale financial assets held at the end of the reporting period in accordance
                        with IAS 39. This amount relating to the equity fund and unlisted equity securities has been
                        reclassified to fair value reserve (non-recycling) upon the initial adoption of IFRS 9 at 1 January
                        2018 (see Note 1(d)(i)).

                   (v)    Fair value reserve (non-recycling)
                          The fair value reserve (non-recycling) comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of
                          equity investments designated at FVOCI under IFRS 9 that are held at the end of the reporting
                          period (see Note 2(e)).




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2018




29 Capital and reserves (continued)
   (c)   Cash dividends
         Pursuant to the shareholders’ approval at the Annual General Meeting held on 29 June 2018,
         a final cash dividend of RMB0.2 per share based on 7,794 million ordinary shares totalling
         RMB1,559 million in respect of the year ended 31 December 2017 was declared in which
         RMB31 million was declared to restricted shareholders who are expected to be unlocked and
         RMB3 million was declared to restricted shareholders who are not expected to be unlocked, and
         was fully paid by February 2019.

         Pursuant to the shareholders’ approval at the Annual General Meeting held on 27 June 2017,
         a final cash dividend of RMB0.15 per share based on 7,625 million ordinary shares totalling
         RMB1,141 million in respect of the year ended 31 December 2016 was declared, and was fully paid
         by the end of 2017.


   (d)   Safety production fund
         Pursuant to certain regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of
         Work Safety, the Group is required to set aside from profit after tax an amount to a legal reserve at
         different rates ranging from 0.05% to 2% of the total revenue recognised for the previous year. The
         reserve can be utilised for improvements of safety on the manufacturing work, and the amounts
         are generally expenses in nature and charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as
         incurred, and at the same time the corresponding amounts of safety reserve fund were utilised and
         transferred back to retained profits until such special reserve was fully utilised.




                                                                                                                      217
218
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      30 Capital management
            The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue
            as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide investment returns for shareholders and benefits
            for other stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by
            securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.

            Management regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between the
            higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages
            and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light
            of changes in economic conditions.

            Management monitors its capital structure on the basis of the debt-to-equity ratio. For this purpose,
            the Group defines debt as total loans and borrowings and defines equity as all components of equity
            attributable to equity shareholders of the Company.

            During 2018, the Group’s strategy, which was unchanged from 2017, was to maintain the debt-to-equity
            ratio at less than 100%. In order to maintain or adjust the ratio, the Group may adjust the amount of
            dividends paid to shareholders, issue new shares, return capital to shareholders, raise new debt financing
            or sell assets to reduce debt.

            As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s debt-to-equity ratio was as follows:


                                                                                               2018             2017
                                                                                              RMB               RMB
                                                                                            millions          millions


              Short-term loans and borrowings                                                22,044            9,348
              Long-term loans and borrowings                                                 13,645           19,296


              Total debt                                                                     35,689           28,644


              Total equity attributable to equity shareholders                               38,164           37,540


              Debt-to-equity ratio                                                             94%              76%




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2018




31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management
   (a)   Accounting classifications and fair values
         (i)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
               Fair value hierarchy
               The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at
               the end of the reporting period on a recurring basis was categorized into the three-level fair
               value hierarchy as defined in IFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value
               measurement is classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance of
               the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

               —    Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted
                    prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.

               —    Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which
                    fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs
                    are inputs for which market data are not available.

               —    Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.




                                                                                                                       219
220
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management (continued)
            (a)    Accounting classifications and fair values (continued)
                   (i)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
                         Fair value hierarchy (continued)

                                                                   Fair value at                     Fair value measurements as
                                                                 31 December                               at 31 December 2018
                                                                             2018               Level 1                Level 2                Level 3


                           Recurring fair value
                             measurements
                           Financial assets:
                           Fair value through OCI
                             — Equity securities                            2,268                      —                 1,364                    904
                           Fair value through PL
                             — Wealth management
                              products                                      8,443                      —                 8,443                      —
                             — Structured deposits                          5,344                      —                 5,344                      —
                             — Listed equity securities                           111                111                     —                      —
                           Financial liabilities:
                           Fair value through PL                                  (40)                 —                    (40)                    —



                                                                     Fair value at                     Fair value measurements as
                                                                   31 December                             at 31 December 2017
                                                                             2017                Level 1                Level 2                Level 3


                           Recurring fair value
                              measurements
                           Financial assets:
                           Available-for-sale listed
                             equity securities                                     14                 14                     —                      —
                           Available-for-sale
                             equity fund (Note)                             1,560                      —                 1,560                      —
                           Wealth management
                             products                                       6,319                      —                 6,319                      —
                           Derivative financial
                             instruments                                            4                  —                      4                     —


                         Note:	
                               Available-for-sale equity fund was reclassified to financial assets designated at FVOCI (non-recycling), upon the adoption
                                of IFRS 9 at 1 January 2018 (see Note 1(d)(i)).


      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2018




31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management (continued)
   (a)   Accounting classifications and fair values (continued)
         (i)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
               Fair value hierarchy (continued)
               During the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017, there were no transfers between Level
               1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers
               between levels of fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

               Information about Level 3 fair value measurements
               For unlisted equity securities without an active market, the Group establishes the fair value
               by using valuation techniques including the use of recent arm’s length transactions, reference
               to other instruments that are substantially the same, price/earnings ratios and price/book
               value ratios of comparable listed companies adjusted for lack of marketability discount, and
               discounted cash flow analysis, making maximum use of market inputs and relying as little as
               possible on entity-specific inputs. If none of the valuation techniques results in a reasonable
               estimate on the fair value, the investment is stated in the statement of financial position at cost
               less impairment losses.

               The movement during the period in the balance of Level 3 fair value measurements is as follows:


                                                                                             At 31 December            At 31 December
                                                                                                            2018                      2017
                                                                                                            RMB                       RMB
                                                                                                        millions                    millions


                Unlisted equity securities:
                   At 1 January (Note)                                                                        580                        —
                   Additional investments in equity securities                                                324                        —


                At 31 December                                                                                904                        —


                Total gains or losses for the period included in profit or loss
                   for assets held at the end of the reporting period                                           —                        —


               Note:	The equity interests in unlisted securities measured at cost were transferred from available-for-sale financial assets
                           into fair value through OCI, which is valued as Level 3 on 1 January 2018 upon the adoption of IFRS 9.




                                                                                                                                               221
222
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management (continued)
            (a)    Accounting classifications and fair values (continued)
                   (i)     Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
                           Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)
                           From 1 January 2018, any gains or losses arising from the remeasurement of the Group’s
                           unlisted equity securities held for strategic purposes are recognised in the fair value reserve (non-
                           recycling) in other comprehensive income. Upon disposal of the equity securities, the amount
                           accumulated in other comprehensive income is transferred directly to retained earnings. Prior
                           to 1 January 2018, any gains arising from the disposal of the unlisted equity securities were
                           presented in the “Other income” line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                   (ii)    Fair values of financial instruments carried at other than fair value
                           The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost are
                           not materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2018 and 2017 except for the
                           following financial instruments, for which their carrying amounts and fair value and the level of
                           fair value hierarchy are disclosed below:

                                                                              Fair value at                        Fair value at
                                                                   Carrying   31 December            Carrying     31 December
                                                                  amount at           2018         amount at              2017
                                                            31 December        categorised      31 December         categorised
                                                                      2018     into Level 1             2017        into Level 1


                   Guaranteed USD
                         senior notes                                 3,620          3,434             3,764             3,916
                   RMB medium-term notes                             11,491         11,639             8,996             8,962
                   Debentures                                         1,994          2,029                —                  —



            (b)    Financial risk management
                   The Group has exposure to the following risks arising from financial instruments:

                   —        credit risk (Note 31(b)(ii))
                   —        liquidity risk (Note 31(b)(iii))
                   —        interest rate risk (Note 31(b)(iv))
                   —        currency risk (Note 31(b)(v))




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2018




31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management (continued)
   (b)   Financial risk management (continued)
         (i)    Risk management framework
                The Company’s board of directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and
                oversight of the Group’s risk management framework. Management of the Company have
                established a risk management committee, which is responsible for developing and monitoring
                the Group’s risk management policies. The committee reports regularly to the board of
                directors on its activities.

                The Group’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced
                by the Group, to set appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor risks and adherence
                to limits. Risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in
                market conditions and the Group’s activities. The Group, through its training and management
                standards and procedures, aims to maintain a disciplined and constructive control environment
                in which all employees understand their roles and obligations.

                The Group Audit Committee oversees how management monitors compliance with the
                Group’s risk management policies and procedures, and reviews the adequacy of the
                risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by the Group. The Group Audit
                Committee is assisted in its oversight role by Internal Audit. Internal Audit undertakes both
                regular and ad hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures, the results of which
                are reported to the Audit Committee.

         (ii)   Credit risk
                Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations
                resulting in a financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to bank
                deposits, wealth management products, trade and other receivables, receivables under finance
                lease, financial guarantees and endorsed bills with full recourse which were derecognised by
                the Group. The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of
                these financial assets and guarantee obligations as disclosed in Note 33(a).

                In respect of trade receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers
                requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the customer’s
                background and financial strengths, past history of making payments when due and current
                ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as the
                economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade receivables under credit sales
                arrangement are normally due within 1 to 3 months from the date of billing, and an upfront
                payment ranging from 30% to 50% (2017: 30% to 40%) of the product price is normally
                required from the customer. For sales under instalment payment method that has instalment




                                                                                                                            223
224
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management (continued)
            (b)    Financial risk management (continued)
                   (ii)   Credit risk (continued)
                          payment periods generally ranging from 6 to 42 months (2017: 6 to 42 months), customers
                          are normally required to make an upfront payment ranging from 30% to 50% (2017: 20% to
                          40%) of the product price. Collaterals such as properties, machinery or third party guarantees
                          are generally required for customers with lower credit ratings. In addition, credit insurance
                          coverage is required for overseas sales. Certain customers are required to pay by letters of
                          credit.

                          In respect of receivables under finance lease, individual credit evaluations are performed
                          which are similar to those of credit and instalment sales. The risk management committee is
                          responsible for the establishment of credit risk management policies, the supervision on the
                          implementation of such policies and determination of the key terms of the lease contracts,
                          including interest rate, lease period and percentage of deposit, etc. The risk management
                          committee members are also responsible for approval of each leasing transaction within their
                          respective authority. Credit review department, legal department, finance department and
                          information technology department are collectively responsible for credit risk management
                          and monitoring of settlement of receivables under finance lease. The Group’s credit risk
                          management procedures include pre-lease investigation, lease approval, lease payment
                          collection and management, as well as recovery measures in case of customer default.

                          Debtors overdue by 3 months or more are handled by risk management department which is
                          responsible for recovering debts through legal and other actions, including repossession and
                          subsequent sale of machineries in case of customer default. Action taken to various overdue
                          debts are assessed by taking into consideration of the customers’ current financial position,
                          future business plan, the fair value of pledged assets and possibility of additional collateral.

                          The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and lease receivables at an
                          amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix. According to the
                          past experience of the Group, the loss patterns of different customer groups are significantly
                          different. The Group classifies customers into customer groups based on a number of factors
                          including their ownership background and financial strength, and the industries in which
                          they operate, etc. The Group estimates loss allowance for trade receivables for each of the
                          customer groups with similar loss patterns.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2018




31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management (continued)
   (b)   Financial risk management (continued)
         (ii)   Credit risk (continued)
                The following table provides information about Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for
                trade receivables as at 31 December 2018:

                                                                             Gross carrying
                                                                                   amount Loss allowance
                                                        Expected loss rate            RMB                  RMB
                                                                        %          millions            millions


                 Within 1 year                                       5.1%            12,114                 (619)
                 Over 1 year but less than 2 years                  16.1%             4,922                 (790)
                 Over 2 years but less than 3 years                 22.1%             3,609                 (796)
                 Over 3 years but less than 5 years                 45.1%             6,842               (3,088)
                 Over 5 years                                       61.3%             1,010                 (619)


                                                                                     28,497               (5,912)


                The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs
                for receivables under finance lease as at 31 December 2018:

                                                                             Gross carrying
                                                                                   amount Loss allowance
                                                        Expected loss rate            RMB                  RMB
                                                                        %          millions            millions


                 Current (not past due)                              2.4%             5,076                 (121)
                 1–30 days past due                                  8.0%               639                  (51)
                 31–60 days past due                                12.0%               258                  (31)
                 61–90 days past due                                13.3%               113                  (15)
                 More than 90 days past due                         18.0%             8,072               (1,449)


                                                                                     14,158               (1,667)


                Loss allowances for receivables under finance lease are measured at an amount equal to
                lifetime ECLs. Thus, past due receivables under finance lease refer to the net amounts caused
                by receivables under finance lease deducting unearned finance income whose all or part of
                principals or interests have overdue for more than 1 day.




                                                                                                                      225
226
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management (continued)
            (b)    Financial risk management (continued)
                   (ii)   Credit risk (continued)
                          Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past few years. These rates
                          are adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which
                          the historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic
                          conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.

                          Credit risk in respect of other receivables is limited as the balance mainly includes
                          prepayments to tax authorities and reputable suppliers, deposits to landlord, and debts due
                          from related parties.

                          The Group measures a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been a
                          significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which
                          case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

                          Bank deposits, wealth management products and structured deposits are placed with financial
                          institutions that have high credit ratings. Given their credit ratings, management does not
                          expect any counterparty to fail to meet its obligations.

                          The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of
                          each customer. The default risk of the industry and country in which customers operate
                          also has an influence on credit risk but to a lesser extent. As at 31 December 2018, 0.1%
                          (31 December 2017: 0.2%) of the total trade and bills receivables was due from the Group’s
                          largest customer and 1.3% (31 December 2017: 1.0%) of the total trade and bills receivables
                          was due from the Group’s five largest customers respectively. As at 31 December 2018,
                          94.2% and 94.9% (31 December 2017: 93.6% and 95.8%) of total impaired trade receivables
                          and receivables under finance lease was due from the Group’s customers located in Mainland
                          PRC.

                          Further quantitative disclosures in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from
                          trade and other receivables are set out in Note 18. Overdue analysis of the Group’s receivables
                          under finance lease is set out in Note 19.

                          In the normal course of business, certain customers of the Group may finance their purchase
                          of the Group’s machinery products through bank loans or leasing arrangements provided by
                          third party financial institutions. The Group provides guarantees to banks and other financial
                          institutions for such bank loans and financing provided to the customers. Pursuant to the
                          guarantee arrangements, the Group agrees to pay any outstanding loan principal and interest
                          due to the banks and other financial institutions should such customers default.

                          Details of the Group’s exposure and credit control policy in respect of such guarantees
                          provided are disclosed in Note 33(a).


      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2018




31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management (continued)
   (b)   Financial risk management (continued)
         (iii) Liquidity risk
               Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations
               associated with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial
               asset. The Group’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it
               will have sufficient cash and committed lines of funding from financial institutions to meet its
               liabilities when they are due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring
               unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation.

              The following table sets out the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting
              period of the Group’s financial liabilities which are based on contractual undiscounted cash
              flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based
              on current prevailing rates at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the
              Group would be required to repay, other than endorsed bills with full recourse which were
              derecognised by the Group (Note 18(d) for details).


                                                                            As at 31 December 2018
                                                                 Total                  More than       More than
                                                           contractual       Within      1 year but    2 years but
                                               Carrying   undiscounted     1 year or      less than      less than      More than
                                               amount        cash flow    on demand        2 years         5 years         5 years
                                                  RMB            RMB           RMB            RMB            RMB              RMB
                                               millions        millions     millions       millions       millions         millions


               Loans and borrowings              35,689         38,793       23,441          5,721           9,190             441
               Trade and other payables          15,786         15,786       15,786             —               —               —
               Contract liabilities               1,602          1,602        1,602             —               —               —
               Other non-current liabilities       991             991           —             261             589             141


                                                 54,068         57,172       40,829          5,982           9,779             582


               Financial guarantees issued
                 Maximum amount
                 guaranteed                         55           3,899        3,899             —               —               —




                                                                                                                                       227
228
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management (continued)
            (b)    Financial risk management (continued)
                   (iii) Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                                  As at 31 December 2018
                                                                                      Contractual undiscounted cash inflow/(outflow)
                                                                                        More than        More than
                                                                          Within 1      1 year but      2 years but
                                                                        year or on       less than        less than    More than
                                                                          demand           2 years          5 years        5 years         Total
                                                                             RMB             RMB              RMB             RMB          RMB
                                                                          millions        millions         millions        millions     millions


                           Forward foreign exchange contracts:
                             — outflow                                        (515)             —                —               —          (515)
                             — inflow                                          475              —                —               —           475


                                                                                           As at 31 December 2017
                                                                              Total                      More than      More than
                                                                        contractual         Within       1 year but    2 years but
                                                           Carrying   undiscounted        1 year or       less than        less than   More than
                                                           amount        cash flow      on demand          2 years          5 years      5 years
                                                              RMB             RMB             RMB             RMB              RMB         RMB
                                                           millions        millions        millions        millions         millions     millions


                           Loans and borrowings             28,644          31,509         10,559           13,885            7,065           —
                           Trade and other payables         14,992          14,992         14,992               —                —            —
                           Other non-current liabilities       653             653              —              335              217         101


                                                            44,289          47,154         25,551           14,220            7,282         101


                           Financial guarantees issued
                             Maximum amount
                             guaranteed                         35           2,576           2,576              —                —            —




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2018




31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management (continued)
   (b)   Financial risk management (continued)
         (iii) Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                            As at 31 December 2017
                                                                  Contractual undiscounted cash inflow/(outflow)
                                                                  More than         More than
                                                       Within 1   1 year but       2 years but
                                                     year or on    less than          less than      More than
                                                      demand         2 years           5 years          5 years          Total
                                                          RMB          RMB                RMB             RMB            RMB
                                                       millions      millions          millions         millions       millions


               Forward foreign exchange contracts:
                 — outflow                                (910)           —                 —                —            (910)
                 — inflow                                  914            —                 —                —            914


              Management believes that the Group’s current cash on hand, expected cash flows from
              operations and available standby credit facilities from financial institutions will be sufficient to
              meet the Group’s working capital requirements and repay its borrowings and obligations when
              they become due.




                                                                                                                                   229
230
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management (continued)
            (b)    Financial risk management (continued)
                   (iv) Interest rate risk
                        The Group’s interest rate risk exposure arises primarily from bank deposits, receivables under
                        finance lease, short-term and long-term loans and borrowings. These financial instruments
                        bearing interest at variable rates and at fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate
                        risk and fair value interest rate risk, respectively. The following table sets out the interest rate
                        profile of the Group’s bank deposits, receivables under finance lease and short-term and long-
                        term loans and borrowings as at 31 December 2018.


                                                                        2018                              2017
                                                                Weighted                         Weighted
                                                                 average         Amount            average        Amount
                                                             interest rate          RMB        interest rate         RMB
                                                                       %         millions                %        millions


                           Fixed rate financial
                             instruments:
                           Short-term loans and borrowings          4.7%          (20,118)            3.8%         (8,215)
                           Long-term loans and borrowings           4.8%          (13,524)            5.5%        (17,721)


                                                                                  (33,642)                        (25,936)


                           Variable rate financial
                             instruments:
                           Pledged bank deposits                    0.4%            1,313             0.4%          1,110
                           Cash and cash equivalents                1.3%            8,754             1.1%          7,145
                           Receivables under finance lease          5.6%           12,491             5.6%         12,801
                           Short-term loans and borrowings          1.2%           (1,926)            2.0%         (1,133)
                           Long-term loans and borrowings           4.6%             (121)            0.7%         (1,575)


                                                                                   20,511                          18,348


                           Net amount                                             (13,131)                         (7,588)




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2018




31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management (continued)
   (b)   Financial risk management (continued)
         (iv) Interest rate risk (continued)
              The following table indicates the change in the Group’s profit or loss and retained earnings
              and other components of consolidated equity that would arise if it is estimated that a general
              increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates, with all other variables held constant:


                                                        Profit or loss                   Retained profits
                                                       100 bp            100 bp          100 bp            100 bp
               Effect in millions of RMB             increase       decrease           increase         decrease


               31 December 2018
               Variable rate financial instruments        174              (174)             174              (174)


               31 December 2017
               Variable rate financial instruments        156              (156)             156              (156)


              The sensitivity analysis above has been determined assuming that the change in interest rates
              had occurred at the end of the reporting period and the change was applied to the Group’s
              debts outstanding at the end of the reporting period which had exposure to interest rate
              risk. The 100 basis points increase or decrease represents management’s assessment of a
              reasonably possible change in interest rates over the year until the next reporting period end.
              The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2017.




                                                                                                                         231
232
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management (continued)
            (b)    Financial risk management (continued)
                   (v)   Currency risk
                         The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales, purchases and borrowings
                         which give rise to receivables, payables, loans and borrowings and cash balances that are
                         denominated in a foreign currency, that is, a currency other than the functional currency of the
                         operations to which the transactions relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily
                         US dollars, Euro, and HK dollars.

                         The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to
                         currency risk arising from recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other
                         than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the
                         amounts of the exposure are shown in RMB, translated using the spot rate at the end of the
                         reporting period. Differences resulting from the translation of the financial statements of foreign
                         operations into the Group’s presentation currency are excluded.


                                                                            Exposure to foreign currencies risk
                                                                           (expressed in equivalent RMB millions)
                                                                            2018                           2017
                                                                  USD         EUR       HKD        USD       EUR      HKD


                           Trade debtors                         10,586      2,450         4      9,842     2,811        4
                           Cash and cash equivalents               650         352        12       603       667         6
                           Trade creditors                         (139)    (1,081)       (7)      (144)   (1,679)      —
                           Loans and borrowings                  (4,648)    (1,652)       —      (4,293)   (2,184)      —


                           Notional amounts of forward
                             exchange contracts used as
                             economic hedges                       (515)       475        —        (133)     137        —


                           Net exposure arising from
                             recognised assets and liabilities    5,934        544         9      5,875      (248)      10




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                  Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2018




31 Financial instruments — fair values and risk management (continued)
   (b)   Financial risk management (continued)
         (v)   Currency risk (continued)
               The following table indicates the change in the Group’s profit or loss after taxation and retained
               earnings and other components of consolidated equity that would arise if foreign exchange rates
               to which the Group’s financial assets and liabilities have significant exposure at the end of the
               reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables remained constant:


                                                          Profit or loss                 Retained profits
                Effect in millions of RMB        Strengthening      Weakening Strengthening           Weakening


                31 December 2018
                USD (5% movement)                           252            (252)             252              (252)
                EUR (5% movement)                            23             (23)               23              (23)
                HKD (5% movement)                            —               —                 —                —


                31 December 2017
                USD (5% movement)                           250            (250)             250              (250)
                EUR (5% movement)                           (11)            11                (11)              11
                HKD (5% movement)                            —               —                 —                —


               Other than the amounts as disclosed above, the amounts of other financial assets and liabilities
               of the Group are substantially denominated in the functional currency of the respective entity
               within the Group.

               Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the
               instantaneous effects on each of the Group entities’ profit or loss after tax and equity
               measured in the respective functional currencies, translated into Renminbi at the exchange
               rate ruling at the end of the reporting period for presentation purposes.

               The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied
               to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to
               foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period, including inter-company payables and
               receivables within the Group which are denominated in a currency other than the functional
               currencies of the lender or the borrower. The analysis excludes differences that would
               result from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s
               presentation currency. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2017.




                                                                                                                         233
234
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      32 Commitments
            (a)    Capital commitments
                   As at 31 December 2018, the Group had capital commitments as follows:

                                                                                              2018            2017
                                                                                             RMB              RMB
                                                                                           millions         millions


                    Authorised and contracted for
                       — property, plant and equipment                                         214             149


                                                                                               214             149



            (b)    Operating lease commitments
                   The Group leases business premises and equipment through non-cancellable operating leases.
                   These operating leases do not contain provisions for contingent lease rentals. None of the rental
                   agreements contain escalation provisions that may require higher future rental payments.

                   As at 31 December 2018, the future minimum lease payments under operating lease are as follows:


                                                                                              2018            2017
                                                                                             RMB              RMB
                                                                                           millions         millions


                    Within 1 year                                                               52               69
                    After 1 year but within 2 years                                             24               52
                    After 2 years but within 3 years                                            16               32
                    After 3 years but within 4 years                                            10               13
                    After 4 years but within 5 years                                             3                7
                    Thereafter                                                                   1                2


                                                                                               106             175




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2018




33 Contingent liabilities
   (a)   Financial guarantee issued
         Certain customers of the Group from time to time may finance their purchase of the Group’s
         machinery products through bank loans, and the Group provides guarantees to the banks for the
         amount drawn by customers. Under the guarantee arrangement, in the event of customer default,
         the Group is required to repossess the machinery collateralised the bank loans, and is entitled
         to sell the machinery and retain any net proceeds in excess of the guarantee payments made to
         the banks. As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s maximum exposure to such guarantees was
         RMB3,533 million (31 December 2017: RMB2,199 million). The terms of these guarantees coincide
         with the tenure of bank loans which generally range from 1 to 5 years. The Group, when called upon
         by the banks to fulfil its guarantee obligations, has historically been able to sell the repossessed
         machinery for proceeds that are not significantly different from the amount of the guarantee
         payments. For the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group made payments of RMB23 million
         (2017: RMB215 million) to the banks for repossession of machinery under the guarantee
         arrangement as a result of customer default.

         Starting from 1 January 2013, certain customers of the Group finance their purchase of the Group’s
         machinery products through finance leases provided by third-party leasing companies. Under the
         third party leasing arrangement, the Group provides guarantee to the third-party leasing companies
         that in the event of customer default, the Group is required to make payment to the leasing
         companies for the outstanding lease payments due from the customer. At the same time, the Group
         is entitled to repossess and sell the leased machinery, and retain any net proceeds in excess of
         the guarantee payments made to the leasing companies. As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s
         maximum exposure to such guarantees was RMB292 million (31 December 2017: RMB274 million).
         The terms of these guarantees coincide with the tenure of the lease contracts which generally
         range from 2 to 5 years. For the year ended 31 December 2018, there was no payment made for
         repossession of machinery incurred (2017: Nil) under the guarantee arrangement as a result of
         customer default.

         Certain customers of the Group finance their purchase of the Group’s agricultural machinery
         products through cargo-backed loans in the form of bank acceptance notes provided by the banks.
         The Group undertakes the joint liability guarantee for these customers. In the event of customer
         default, the Group is required to make payments to the banks for the outstanding amount due from
         the customers when the bank acceptance notes are due. As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s
         maximum exposure to such guarantees was RMB74 million (31 December 2017: RMB103 million).
         For the year ended 31 December 2018, there was no payment to banks incurred (2017: Nil) under
         the guarantee arrangement as a result of customer default.




                                                                                                                      235
236
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      33 Contingent liabilities (continued)
            (b)    Contingent liability in respect of legal claims
                   The Group is a defendant in certain lawsuits as well as the named party in other proceedings arising
                   in the ordinary course of business. Management has assessed the likelihood of any unfavourable
                   outcome of such contingencies, lawsuits or other proceedings and believes that any resulting
                   liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position, operating results or cash
                   flows of the Group.


      34 Related party transactions
            (a)    Transactions with related parties


                                                                                                   2018             2017
                                                                                                   RMB              RMB
                                                                                                millions          millions


                    Transactions with associates:
                    Sales of products                                                               347               281
                    Purchase of raw materials and finished goods                                     28                 8
                    Payment for acquisition of receivables under commercial factoring               281                16
                    Payment for acquisition of finance lease assets                                   1                25
                    Interest income                                                                   —                 2
                    Guarantees provided                                                               4                13
                    Proceeds from borrowings                                                      1,042             2,212
                    Repayments of borrowings                                                      1,132             2,083


                   The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the above transactions with related parties
                   were conducted in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the agreements
                   governing such transactions which are comparable to normal commercial terms.


            (b)    Outstanding balances with related parties
                   Amounts due from/to related parties are arising in the Group’s normal course of business and are
                   included in the account captions of trade and other receivables and trade and other payables,
                   respectively. These balances bear no interest, are unsecured and are repayable in accordance with
                   the agreements governing such transactions which are comparable to credit period with third-party
                   customers/suppliers.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2018




34 Related party transactions (continued)
   (c)   Key management personnel remuneration
         Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning,
         directing and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including directors and
         supervisors of the Group. The key management personnel compensation are as follows:

                                                                                        2018                2017
                                                                                        RMB                  RMB
                                                                                  thousands            thousands


          Short-term employee benefits                                                27,024              28,390
          Retirement scheme contributions                                                256                  320
          Share incentive scheme                                                      49,469                9,848


                                                                                      76,749              38,558


         Total emoluments are included in “staff costs” as disclosed in Note 5(b).


   (d)   Contributions to retirement plans
         The details of the Group’s employee benefit plans are disclosed in Note 27.


35 Accounting estimates and judgements
   The Group’s financial position and results of operations are sensitive to accounting methods,
   assumptions and estimates that underlie the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
   Management bases the assumptions and estimates on historical experience and on other factors that the
   management believes to be reasonable and which form the basis for making judgements about matters
   that are not readily apparent from other sources. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its
   estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates as facts, circumstances and conditions change.

   The selection of significant accounting policies, the judgements and other uncertainties affecting
   application of those policies and the sensitivity of reported results to changes in conditions and
   assumptions are factors to be considered when reviewing the consolidated financial statements. The
   significant accounting policies are set forth in Note 2 to the financial statements. Note 13 contains
   information about significant assumptions and their risk factors relating to goodwill impairment.

   Management reviews estimations and underlying assumptions ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
   estimations are recognised in the period in which the estimations are revised and in any future
   periods affected.




                                                                                                                       237
238
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      35 Accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
            Other key sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:


            (a)    Impairment of receivables
                   The Group’s management determines the loss allowance for expected credit losses on trade,
                   finance lease, bills and other receivables based on an assessment of the present value of all
                   expected cash shortfalls. These estimates are based on the information about past events, current
                   conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. The Group’s management reassesses the
                   loss allowance at each reporting period end.


            (b)    Warranty provision
                   As explained in Note 23(b), the Group makes product warranty provision based on its best estimate
                   of the expected settlement under the sales agreements in respect of products sold which are
                   still within the warranty period. The amount of provision takes into account the Group’s recent
                   claim experience, historical warranty data and a weighting of all possible outcomes against their
                   associated probabilities. As the Group is continually upgrading its product designs and launching
                   new models, it is possible that the recent claim experience is not indicative of future claims that it
                   will receive in respect of past sales. Any increase or decrease in the provision would affect profit or
                   loss in future years.


            (c)    Write-down of inventories
                   As described in Note 2(k), the Group writes down the cost of inventories to net realisable value
                   when the net realisable value of inventories is lower than the cost. The Group estimates the net
                   realisable value of inventories by taking into account the recent selling prices and forecasted market
                   demand. However, the actual realised value of the inventories may be significantly different from the
                   estimated amount at the end of the reporting period.


            (d)    Impairment of long-lived assets
                   If circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable, the
                   asset may be considered “impaired”, and an impairment loss would be recognised in accordance
                   with accounting policy for impairment of long-lived assets as described in Note 2(j)(iii). The carrying
                   amounts of the Group’s long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, intangible assets
                   and investments in subsidiaries and associates are reviewed periodically to determine whether there
                   is any indication of impairment. These assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes
                   in circumstances indicate that their recorded carrying amounts may not be recoverable. For goodwill
                   and trademarks with indefinite useful lives, the impairment testing is performed at least annually at
                   the end of each year. The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2018




35 Accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
   (d)   Impairment of long-lived assets (continued)
         its value in use and the fair value less costs to sell. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying
         amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. It is
         difficult to precisely estimate selling price of the Group’s long-lived assets because quoted market
         prices for such assets may not be readily available. In determining the value in use, expected future
         cash flows generated by the asset are discounted to their present value, which requires significant
         judgement relating to level of revenue, amount of operating costs and applicable discount rate.
         Management uses all readily available information in determining an amount that is a reasonable
         approximation of recoverable amount, including estimates based on reasonable and supportable
         assumptions and projections of revenue and amount of operating costs.

         Changes in these estimates could have a significant impact on the carrying value of the assets and
         could result in additional impairment charge or reversal of impairment in future periods.


   (e)   Depreciation and amortisation
         Property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful
         lives of the assets, after taking into account their estimated residual value, if any. Management
         reviews the estimated useful lives and residual values of the assets annually in order to determine
         the amount of depreciation expense to be recorded during any reporting period. The useful lives
         and residual values are based on the Group’s historical experience with similar assets and take into
         account anticipated technological changes. The depreciation expense for future periods is adjusted
         if there are significant changes from previous estimates.

         Amortisation of intangible assets is recognised on a straight-line basis over the respective intangible
         assets’ estimated useful lives. Management reviews the estimated useful lives annually in order
         to estimate the amount of amortisation expense to be recorded during any reporting period. The
         estimated useful lives are based on the estimated periods over which future economic benefits
         will be received by the Group and take into account the level of future competition, the risk of
         technological or functional obsolescence and the expected changes in the regulatory and social
         environment. The amortisation expense for future periods is adjusted if there are significant changes
         from previous estimates.




                                                                                                                        239
240
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      36 Investments in subsidiaries
            The following list contains particulars of subsidiaries as at 31 December 2018 which principally affected
            the results, assets or liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.


                                                             Proportion of ownership interest
                                                    Particulars
                                                     of issued          Group’s
                                                   and paid up         effective     Held by the    Held by a
              Name of company                           capital         interest       Company      subsidiary                 Principal activities
                                                      (millions)


              Zoomlion Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd.     RMB1,200            67.51%          67.51%             —             Manufacture of agriculture
                                                                                                                                         machinery


              CIFA S.p.A                               EUR 15             100%                  —       100%               Manufacture of concrete
                                                                                                                                         machinery


              Shaanxi Zoomlion Earth Working          RMB254              100%             100%             —         Manufacture of earth working
                Machinery Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      machinery


              Hunan Zoomlion Axle Co., Ltd.           RMB466             88.86%          88.86%             —          Manufacture of motor vehicle
                                                                                                                                       components


              Zoomlion Material Handling              RMB100              100%             100%             —      Manufacture of material handling
                Equipment Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      machinery


              Zoomlion Finance and                   RMB1,502             100%             100%             —             Leasing of equipment and
                Leasing(Beijing) Co., Ltd.                                                                                               machinery


              Hunan Zoomlion International              RMB50             100%             100%             —             Trading of equipment and
                Trade Co., Ltd.                                                                                                          machinery


              Hunan Teli Hydraulic Co., Ltd.          RMB180             77.61%          77.61%             — Manufacture of hydraulic products


              Hunan Zoomlion Special                    RMB69             100%             100%             —
                Vehicles Co., Ltd.                                                                               Manufacture of specialised vehicles


              Zoomlion Finance and                    RMB280              100%                  —       100%              Leasing of equipment and
                Leasing (China) Co., Ltd.                                                                                                machinery


              Hunan Zoomlion Crawling Crane Ltd.      RMB360              100%             100%             —       Manufacture of crawling cranes



      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                       Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2018




36 Investments in subsidiaries (continued)
                                                        Proportion of ownership interest
                                         Particulars
                                           of issued    Group’s
                                         and paid up    effective    Held by the       Held by a
     Name of company                         capital     interest      Company         subsidiary               Principal activities
                                           (millions)


     Hunan Zoomlion Hardware Co., Ltd.      RMB100         100%            100%                —        Manufacture of components


     Shanghai Zoomlion Pile Foundation       RMB50         100%            100%                —      Manufacture of pile foundation
       Machinery Co., Ltd.                                                                                               Machinery


     Hunan Zoomlion Intelligent              RMB50         100%            100%                —       Research and manufacture of
       Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                       machine software


     Hunan Zoomlion Concrete Machinery      RMB451         100%            100%                — Manufacture of concrete machinery
       Site Equipment Co., Ltd.


     Zoomlion H.K. SPV Co., Limited          USD 25        100%               —             100%                     Bond issuance


     m-tec mathis technik GmbH                EUR 3        100%               —             100% Manufacture of concrete machinery


     Zoomlion Commercial                    USD 100        100%               —             100%      Commercial factoring services
       Factoring (China) Co., Ltd.


     Anhui Zoomlion Earth Working           RMB500         100%            100%                —       Manufacture of earth working
       Machinery Co., Ltd.                                                                                               machinery


     Zoomlion Finance Co., Ltd.           RMB1,500         100%             75%              25%                  Financial services


     Shanxi Zoomlion Culture                RMB220         100%            100%                —    Exploitation and management of
       Tourism Development Co., Ltd.                                                                               tourism resource


     Hunan Zoomlion Hoisting                RMB800         100%            100%                — Manufacture of hoisting machinery
       Machinery Co., Ltd.


     Zoomlion Sales Co., Ltd.               RMB100         100%            100%                — Sales of equipment and machinery


    All of the above subsidiaries are incorporated and operate in the PRC, except for CIFA and m−tec which
    are incorporated and operate in Italy and Germany, respectively. All of the above subsidiaries are limited
    liability companies.




                                                                                                                                       241
242
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      37 Company-level statement of financial position
                                                                                  2018      2017
                                                                                  RMB       RMB
                                                                        Note   millions   millions


              Non-current assets
                Property, plant and equipment                                    3,028     3,131
                Lease prepayments                                                  810       773
                Intangible assets                                                  191       242
                Investments in subsidiaries                                     14,336    14,168
                Interests in associates                                          3,042     1,037
                Other financial assets                                             721       414
                Trade and other receivables                                      4,663     3,737
                Pledged bank deposits                                              129         60
                Deferred tax assets                                                507       664


              Total non-current assets                                          27,427    24,226


              Current assets
                Inventories                                                      4,342     4,095
                Other current assets                                             1,097       897
                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           13,737     6,323
                Trade and other receivables                                     48,406    36,570
                Pledged bank deposits                                              279       202
                Cash and cash equivalents                                        3,979     3,674


              Total current assets                                              71,840    51,761


              Total assets                                                      99,267    75,987




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2018




37 Company-level statement of financial position (continued)
                                                                                  2018                 2017
                                                                                  RMB                  RMB
                                                                     Note      millions              millions


    Current liabilities
      Loans and borrowings                                                       20,951              10,486
      Trade and other payables                                                   27,273              14,006
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                      40                  —
      Contract liabilities                                                        1,049                   —
      Income tax payable                                                              19                  64


    Total current liabilities                                                    49,332              24,556


    Net current assets                                                           22,508              27,205


    Total assets less current liabilities                                        49,935              51,431


    Non-current liabilities
      Loans and borrowings                                                        9,904              13,957
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                        21                  10
      Other non-current liabilities                                                 565                  362


    Total non-current liabilities                                                10,490              14,329


    Net assets                                                                   39,445              37,102


    Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                                29(a)          7,809                7,794
      Reserves                                                     29(b)         31,636              29,308


    Total equity                                                                 39,445              37,102




                                                                                                                  243
244
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      38 Possible impact of amendments, new standards and interpretations
         issued but not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2018
            Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of amendments, new
            standards and interpretations which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2018 and which
            have not been adopted in these financial statements. These include the following which may be relevant to
            the Group.

                                                                                    Effective for accounting periods
                                                                                                beginning on or after


              IFRS 16, Leases                                                                        1 January 2019

              IFRIC 23, Uncertainty over income tax treatments                                       1 January 2019

              Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2015–2017 Cycle                                           1 January 2019

              Amendments to IAS 28, Long-term interest in associates and
               joint ventures                                                                        1 January 2019

              Amendments to IFRS 9, Financial instruments                                            1 January 2019

              Amendments to IAS 19, Employee benefits                                                1 January 2019

            The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these amendments, new
            standards and interpretations is expected to be in the period of initial application. So far the Group has
            identified some aspects of the IFRS 16 which may have a significant impact on the consolidated financial
            statements. Further details of the expected impacts are discussed below. While the assessment has
            been substantially completed for IFRS 16, the actual impact upon the initial adoption of this standard
            may differ as the assessment completed to date is based on the information currently available to the
            Group, and further impacts may be identified before the standard is initially applied in the Group’s interim
            financial report for the six months ending 30 June 2019. The Group may also change its accounting policy
            elections, including the transition options, until the standard is initially applied in that financial report.


            IFRS 16, Leases
            As disclosed in Note 2(w), currently the Group classifies leases into finance leases and operating leases
            and accounts for the lease arrangements differently, depending on the classification of the lease. The
            Group enters into some leases as the lessor and others as the lessee.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2018




38 Possible impact of amendments, new standards and interpretations
   issued but not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2018 (continued)
   IFRS 16, Leases (continued)
   IFRS 16 is not expected to impact significantly on the way that lessors account for their rights and
   obligations under a lease. However, once IFRS 16 is adopted, lessees will no longer distinguish between
   finance leases and operating leases. Instead, subject to practical expedients, lessees will account for all
   leases in a similar way to current finance lease accounting, i.e. at the commencement date of the lease
   the lessee will recognise and measure a lease liability at the present value of the minimum future lease
   payments and will recognise a corresponding “right-of-use” asset. After initial recognition of this asset and
   liability, the lessee will recognise interest expense accrued on the outstanding balance of the lease liability,
   and the depreciation of the right-of-use asset, instead of the current policy of recognising rental expenses
   incurred under operating leases on a systematic basis over the lease term. As a practical expedient, the
   lessee can elect not to apply this accounting model to short-term leases (i.e. where the lease term is
   12 months or less) and to leases of low-value assets, in which case the rental expenses would continue to
   be recognised on a systematic basis over the lease term.

   IFRS 16 will primarily affect the Group’s accounting as a lessee of leases for properties, plant and
   equipment which are currently classified as operating leases. The application of the new accounting model
   is expected to lead to an increase in both assets and liabilities and to impact on the timing of the expense
   recognition in the statement of profit or loss over the period of the lease.

   IFRS 16 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. As allowed by IFRS 16,
   the Group plans to use the practical expedient to grandfather the previous assessment of which existing
   arrangements are, or contain, leases. The Group will therefore apply the new definition of a lease in IFRS
   16 only to contracts that are entered into on or after the date of initial application. If the practical expedient
   is not chosen, the Group will need to reassess all of its decisions about which existing contracts are, or
   contain, leases, using the new definition. Depending on whether the Group elects to adopt the standard
   retrospectively or follow a modified retrospective method of recognising a cumulative-effect adjustment to
   the opening balance of equity at the date of initial application, the Group may or may not need to restate
   comparative information for any changes in accounting resulting from the reassessment.

   The Group plans to elect to use the modified retrospective approach for the adoption of IFRS 16 and
   will recognise the cumulative effect of initial application as an adjustment to the opening balance of
   equity at 1 January 2019 and will not restate the comparative information. As disclosed in Note 32(b), at
   31 December 2018 the Group’s future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases
   amount to RMB106 million for properties and other assets, the majority of which is payable between
   1 and 5 years after the reporting date. Upon the initial adoption of IFRS 16, the opening balances of
   lease liabilities and the corresponding right-of-use assets are expected to be adjusted to approximately
   RMB97 million and RMB97 million respectively, after taking account the effects of discounting, as at
   1 January 2019.

   Other than the recognition of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, the Group expects that the transition
   adjustments to be made upon the initial adoption of IFRS 16 will not be material. However, the expected
   changes in accounting policies as described above could have a material impact on the Group’s financial
   statements from 2019 onwards.




                                                                                                                           245
246
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      39 Reconciliation of financial information prepared under PRC GAAP to IFRSs
            (a)    Reconciliation of total equity of the Group
                                                                                                              Adjusted
                                                                                             As at       balance As at                 As at
                                                                                   31 December               1 January        31 December
                                                                                              2018                2018                 2017
                                                                                             RMB                   RMB                 RMB
                                                                                          millions              millions             millions


                    Balance at 31 December 2017                                                                 38,227
                    Impact on initial application of IFRS 9                                                          (79)


                    Total equity reported under PRC GAAP                                   38,768               38,148               38,227
                       — Acquisition-related costs incurred on prior
                          year business combination                                             (37)                 (37)                (37)


                    Total equity reported under IFRSs                                      38,731               38,111               38,190


                   Note: Upon the adoption of IFRS 9, an opening adjustment as at 1 January 2018 was made to recognise additional ECLs on total
                         equity of the Group.




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2018




39 Reconciliation of financial information prepared under PRC GAAP to IFRSs
   (continued)

   (b)   Reconciliation of total comprehensive income for the year of the Group
                                                                                                                    2018                   2017
                                                                                                                   RMB                     RMB
                                                                                                               millions                 millions


          Total comprehensive income for the year reported under PRC GAAP                                          1,730                  1,702
             — Safety production fund (Note 1)                                                                         12                       6
             — Impairment of goodwill (Note 2)                                                                         —                        3


          Total comprehensive income for the year
             reported under IFRSs                                                                                  1,742                  1,711


         Note 1:	Under PRC GAAP, safety production fund should be accrued and recognised in profit or loss with a corresponding credit in
                 reserve according to relevant PRC regulations. Such reserve is reduced for expenses incurred for safety production purposes
                 or, when safety production related equipment are purchased, is reduced by the purchase cost with a corresponding increase in
                 the accumulated depreciation. Such fixed assets are not depreciated thereafter. Under IFRSs, expense is recognised in profit or
                 loss when incurred, and fixed assets are capitalised and depreciated in accordance with applicable accounting policies.


         Note 2:	The Group has elected to early adopt IFRS 3 (revised) retrospectively to all business combinations that occurred on or after
                 1 January 2007. IFRS 3 (revised) requires acquisition-related costs to be expensed in profit or loss. As a result, acquisition-
                 related costs of RMB40 million (the related tax impact is nil as the acquisition-related costs were not tax deductible) incurred in
                 business combinations occurred during the year ended 31 December 2008 were expensed in profit or loss under IFRSs, which
                 resulted in a lower goodwill balance than that under PRC GAAP.



   (c)   There is no material difference between the consolidated cash flow of the Group reported
         under PRC GAAP and IFRSs.




                                                                                                                                                       247
248
      2 0 1 8 Annual Report




      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2018




      40 Non-adjusting event after the reporting period
            Pursuant to a resolutions passed at the directors’ meeting on 29 March 2019, a final dividend in respect
            of the year ended 31 December 2018 of RMB0.25 (2017: RMB0.20) per share totaling RMB1,952 million
            (2017: RMB1,559 million) was proposed for shareholders’ approval at the Annual General Meeting. The
            final dividend proposed after the balance sheet date has not been recognised as a liability at the balance
            sheet date.


      41 Comparative figures
            The Group has initially applied IFRS 15 and IFRS 9 at 1 January 2018. Under the transition methods
            chosen, comparative information is not restated. Further details of the changes in accounting policies are
            disclosed in Note 1(d).




      Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                     中聯重科股份有限公司
                     ZOOMLION HEAVY INDUSTRY
                     SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.




2018 Annual Report                                          2018
                                                        Annual Report
