先聲藥業集團有限公司


ANNUAL REPORT
2022
CONTENTS
2     Corporate Information

4     Financial Highlights

5     Company Overview

6     Chairman’s Statement

8     Management Discussion and Analysis

34    Directors’ Report

63    Corporate Governance Report

86    Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

97    Independent Auditor’s Report

105   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

106   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

107   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

109   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

111   Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

113   Notes to the Financial Statements

210   Financial Summary
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                             NOMINATION COMMITTEE

    Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman and                                  Mr. SONG Ruilin (Chairman)
          Chief Executive Officer)                                  Mr. WANG Jianguo
    Mr. TANG Renhong                                                Mr. REN Jinsheng
    Mr. WAN Yushan                                                  Mr. SUNG Ka Woon(3)
    Ms. WANG Xi(1)                                                  Ms. WANG Xi(1)


    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                                          STRATEGY COMMITTEE

    Mr. ZHAO John Huan(2)                                           Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman)
                                                                    Mr. ZHAO John Huan(2)
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                             Mr. TANG Renhong(5)
                                                                    Mr. WANG Jianguo
    Mr. SONG Ruilin
    Mr. WANG Jianguo
                                                                    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Mr. WANG Xinhua
    Mr. SUNG Ka Woon(3)                                             Mr. WAN Yushan(4)
                                                                    Ms. MAK Po Man Cherie (Member of The Hong Kong
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                    Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as
                                                                       The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries)
    Mr. WANG Xinhua (Chairman)
                                                                       and The Chartered Governance Institute UK
    Mr. SONG Ruilin
                                                                       (formerly known as The Institute of Chartered
    Mr. WANG Jianguo
                                                                       Secretaries and Administrators))
                                                                    Mr. BAO Jun(6)
    REMUNERATION AND APPRAISAL COMMITTEE

    Mr. WANG Jianguo (Chairman)                                     AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. WANG Xinhua
                                                                    Mr. WAN Yushan
    Mr. REN Jinsheng
                                                                    Mr. TANG Renhong(5)
    Mr. WAN Yushan(4)
                                                                    Mr. BAO Jun(6)
    Mr. SUNG Ka Woon(3)


    Notes:

    (1)      Ms. WANG Xi has been appointed as an executive Director of the Company with effect from January 18, 2023, and has
             been appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee with effect from March 31, 2023.

    (2)      Mr. ZHAO John Huan resigned as a non-executive Director of the Company and a member of the Strategy Committee with
             effect from August 31, 2022.

    (3)      Mr. SUNG Ka Woon has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from
             January 18, 2023, and has been appointed as a member of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the
             Nomination Committee with effect from March 31, 2023.

    (4)      Mr. WAN Yushan has been appointed as a Joint Company Secretary of the Company with effect from November 9, 2022,
             and has been appointed as a member of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee with effect from March 31, 2023.

    (5)      Mr. TANG Renhong has been appointed as a member of the Strategy Committee with effect from August 31, 2022, and
             has been appointed as an Authorized Representative of the Company with effect from November 9, 2022.

    (6)      Mr. BAO Jun resigned as a Joint Company Secretary and an Authorized Representative of the Company with effect from
             November 9, 2022.


2   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                             CORPORATE INFORMATION


PRINCIPAL BANKS                                HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

Bank of China Limited                          Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Nanjing Jiangbei New District Branch           Shops 1712-1716
No. 30, Wende Road                             17th Floor Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East
Pukou District, Nanjing                        Wan Chai
Jiangsu PRC                                    Hong Kong

China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.,
                                               REGISTERED OFFICE
Nanjing Jiefang Road Sub-Branch
No. 53, Jiefang Street                         43/F, AIA Tower
Qinhuai District, Nanjing                      183 Electric Road
Jiangsu PRC                                    North Point
                                               Hong Kong
AUDITOR
                                               HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL
KPMG
                                                PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Certified Public Accountants
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in   No. 699-18, Xuanwu Road
  accordance with the Accounting and           Xuanwu District, Nanjing
  Financial Reporting                          Jiangsu
  Council Ordinance                            PRC
8/F Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road                                 COMPANY’S WEBSITE
Central, Hong Kong
                                               http://www.simcere.com

LEGAL ADVISER
                                               PLACE OF LISTING AND STOCK CODE
Tian Yuan Law Firm LLP
                                               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Suites 3304-3309
                                               2096
33/F, Jardine House
One Connaught Place
Central, Hong Kong




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022   3
    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


        For the year ended December 31, 2022:

        •     Revenue of the Group was approximately RMB6,319 million, representing an increase of
              approximately 26.4% as compared to RMB5,000 million of 2021. Of which, revenue from the sales
              and promotion service of drugs amounted to RMB6,213 million and license income amounted to
              RMB106 million. The increase in revenue was mainly attributable to the rapid increase in revenue
              from the innovative pharmaceutical business.

        •     Revenue from the innovative pharmaceutical business was approximately RMB4,128 million,
              accounting for 65.3% of the total revenue and representing an increase of approximately 32.3% as
              compared to RMB3,120 million of 2021.

        •     Our revenue was mainly derived from the therapeutic areas where our businesses are focused. Of
              which, revenue from the field of nervous system was approximately RMB2,267 million, accounting
              for 35.9% of the total revenue and representing an increase of approximately 41.0% as compared
              to 2021. Revenue from the field of oncology was approximately RMB1,430 million, accounting for
              22.6% of the total revenue and representing an increase of approximately 15.5% as compared to
              2021. Revenue from the field of autoimmune was approximately RMB1,280 million, accounting for
              20.2% of the total revenue and representing an increase of approximately 39.4% as compared to
              2021. Revenue from other fields was approximately RMB1,342 million, accounting for 21.3% of the
              total revenue and representing an increase of approximately 8.6% as compared to 2021.

        •     Research and development expense was approximately RMB1,728 million, representing an
              increase of approximately RMB311 million or approximately 21.9% as compared to RMB1,417
              million of 2021. The research and development expense to revenue ratio 1 was approximately
              27.3% (approximately 28.3% for 2021).

        •     Profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was approximately RMB933
              million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB574 million or approximately 38.1% as
              compared to RMB1,507 million of 2021.

        •     Basic earnings per share was approximately RMB0.36, representing a decrease of approximately
              37.9% as compared to RMB0.58 of 2021.

        •     Net cash generated from operating activities was approximately RMB1,355 million, while net cash
              outflow from operating activities for 2021 was approximately RMB202 million.




    1
            Research and development expense divided by revenue


4   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          COMPANY OVERVIEW


Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”, ”we”
or “us”) is an innovation and R&D-driven pharmaceutical company with capabilities in R&D, production
and professional marketing. The Group primarily focuses on the therapeutic areas of oncology, nervous
system, autoimmune and anti-infection, with forward-looking layout of disease areas that have significant
clinical needs in the future, aiming to achieve the corporate mission of “providing today’s patients with
medicines of the future”.

The Group has 6 innovative drugs approved for marketing and sale (including 1 imported innovative drug).
As of December 31, 2022, the Group has more than 10 products recommended in guidelines and pathways
issued by over 100 government authorities or prestigious professional associations, and has over 40
products included in the National Reimbursement Drug List (the “NRDL”).

The Group pays high attention to the establishment of innovative drug R&D capability, and has established
R&D innovation centers in Shanghai, Nanjing, Beijing and Boston respectively as well as a State Key
Laboratory of Neurology and Oncology Drug Development. The Group’s R&D system has achieved functions
covering the whole process of drug discovery, preclinical development, clinical trial and registration,
and owns leading platforms of protein engineering, BsAb/TCE, PAb/NKCE and AI-aided drug discovery.
As of the date of this report, the Group had a R&D team of approximately 1,100 employees in total with
approximately 150 doctors and 520 masters.

The Group has a nationwide marketing network and leading commercialization capability, and will
continuously strengthen our professional marketing capability, so as to enhance coverage and access to
medicines. As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s sales team had a total of approximately 5,000 employees
divided into four business units (neuroscience, oncology, autoimmune & comprehensive and retail
grossroots) and other support departments across 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions,
covering over 2,700 Class III hospitals, approximately 17,000 other hospitals and medical institutions as
well as more than 200 large-scale national or regional chain pharmacies in China.

The Group has established manufacturing infrastructures and quality management systems in line with
international standards and has continuously improved its manufacturing capabilities of pharmaceuticals.
The 5 production facilities that have been put into use all meet the requirements of Chinese GMP, and part
of the production lines have received EU GMP certification or the FDA inspection.

Driven by our in-house R&D efforts and synergistic innovation, the Group has established strategic
cooperation partnerships with many innovative companies and research institutes, exploring multiple
collaborative modes such as cooperative R&D and achievement transfer and continuously developing
products that patients urgently need and have significant market potential. We established the Scientific
Advisory Board (SAB) comprising over 10 world-renowned scientists in the areas of oncology, nervous
system and autoimmune etc., so as to bring their professional capabilities and experiences to provide
scientific advice for our early drug discovery and clinical development. Meanwhile, the Group has planned
and implemented the “Simcere Project X”, aiming to attract global leaders of life science to explore and
create unprecedented treatments.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022   5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




    Dear Shareholders,

    Since the listing of Simcere in 2020, we have          enjoys huge potential in commercialization. Phase
    successfully moved 4 differentiated innovative         III clinical data of XIANNUOXIN ® is encouraging,
    drugs into commercialization stage in 3 years          which will accelerate the debut of domestic 3CL
    and the proportion of innovative drugs has been        anti-COVID-19 drug.
    increasing, which fueled the turning point of our
                                                           Our efficient clinical operation and
    results. In 2022, the innovation and transformation
    of Simcere was still accelerating continuously, thus   commercialization capability expedite the
    our business scale achieved a growth rate of 26.4%     achievement of clinical values. The principle of
    compared with 2021.                                    “patient first” requests us not to be limited by the
                                                           deployed sectors of oncology, nervous system and
    The “3+1” g ro wt h e ng ine a nd differentiated       autoimmunity and pay particular attention to the
    innovative pipelines provide momentum for
                                                           major healthcare sectors that are closely related to
    sustainable growth. As a blockbuster drug in the
                                                           national health, such as the anti-infection sector.
    field of AIS, the market share of Sanbexin ® has
                                                           Driven by our mission of “providing today’s patients
    been soaring thanks to sufficient evidences and
                                                           with medicines of the future”, Simcere people
    bases as well as excellent clinical efficacy, which
                                                           cope with huge challenges posed by the pandemic
    drives the growth in our results. Thanks to its
                                                           and demonstrate our fighting and team spirit with
    convenient subcutaneous injection method, the
                                                           a strong sense of mission, which have overcome
    sales volume of ENWEIDA® has been expanding in
                                                           difficulties to spend only 14 months to obtain
    a fast pace during its first year of launch and has
                                                           quick approval of XIANNUOXIN ® , which further
    benefited more than 20,000 patients with tumors.
    As a First-in-class drug and leveraging on its         demonstrated the execution ability of our R&D
    unique advantage in myeloprotection, COSELA ®          team.




6   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Our continuous investment in R&D continues to           The external environment and competition
enrich our product portfolios and our independent       landscapes are ever-charging, as a result, Simcere
development pipelines are in good shape. We             will still face many challenges. We will leverage on
have preliminarily established self-administered        our verified capabilities of R&D, pharmaceutical
pipelines at the early stage with global development    and commercialization, thus we are more confident
potential and achieved license-out for the first time   of achieving sustainable growth in the future.
in 2022. Given that a number of small molecules,        Looking ahead to our future, Simcere will still
monoclonal antibodies and dual antibodies               invest heavily in R&D and insist on differentiation
developed by our owned innovative R&D platform          and effective product layouts, as well as to expand
have been following to enter the stage of clinical      the talent pool which is externally-oriented,
studies and with the continuous improvement of          professional and diverse, so as to absorb world-
platforms and mechanisms, we are focusing on            leading experience and strive for achieving
world-class cutting-edge technologies and promote       innovative development, thereby creating values
the development and registration of products            to patients, Shareholders and the community
around the globe by real actions.                       continuously.



                                                                                             REN Jinsheng
                                                                        Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                            March 31, 2023




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022   7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    INDUSTRY REVIEW

    In 2022, China’s pharmaceutical industry continued to experience major changes. Under the policy level,
    various policies that stimulate innovation and accelerate approval were implemented, while it continuously
    deepened reforms with the focus on people’s health needs: (1) various guiding principles led enterprises
    to develop with the focus on clinical values and patients’ demands; (2) regulatory authorities greatly
    accelerated reviews and approvals, and more clinical urgently-needed innovative drugs were quickly
    approved and brought to patients by way of prioritized, special and conditional approvals; (3) the reduction
    in price of medical insurance drugs has slowed down due to dynamic adjustments, and the policies have
    inclined towards innovative drugs with higher clinical demands; and (4) real-world studies in medical
    pilot zones helped innovative drugs enter Chinese market expeditiously. From the industry perspective,
    under the dual impacts of capital market recession and the outbreak of the pandemic, enterprises were
    forced to evaluate risks and return more rationally and put emphasis on differentiation, as well as to
    avoid popular targets and the cluster of tracks, thereby rebalanced the industry development. Certain
    local pharmaceutical enterprises accelerated the deployment of overseas markets and those globally
    competitive new drugs began to show their ability of out-licensing and overseas development. Enterprises
    with R&D layouts more focusing on clinical values, established commercialization teams and virtuous
    cycles of input-output of innovative drugs are expected to access broader opportunities in the new
    development cycle.


    KEY MILESTONES

    As of the date of this report, leveraging on clear strategic planning and extraordinary execution skills, the
    Group has achieved following key milestones and achievements:


    Commercialization

    Innovative drugs that entered the commercialization stage increased to six. As of the date of this report, 2
    new innovative drugs were approved for marketing in China, which created new business growth points.

    •    On July 12, 2022, COSELA ® (Trilaciclib Hydrochloride for Injection) was conditionally approved for
         marketing by National Medical Products Administration of China (the “NMPA”) for decreasing the
         incidence of chemotherapy-induced myelosuppression in patients when administered prior to a
         platinum/etoposide-containing regimen for extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (“ES-SCLC”).

    •    On January 28, 2023, XIANNUOXIN ® (Simnotrelvir Tablets/Ritonavir Tablets (co-packaged)) was
         conditionally approved for marketing by the NMPA with urgent review and approval under Special
         Examination and Approval of Drugs (藥品特別審批程序) for the treatment of adult patients infected
         with mild-to-moderate Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“COVID-19”).

    For the year ended December 31, 2022 (the “Reporting Period”), the proportion of the Group’s revenue
    from innovative drugs had increased to 65.3%, hitting a record high as compared to 2021. Revenue from
    innovative drugs amounted to RMB4,128 million, representing an increase of approximately 32.3% as
    compared to RMB3,120 million of 2021. The revenue of innovative drugs Sanbexin® and ENWEIDA® has
    been growing rapidly.




8   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•   Sanbexin® (Edaravone and Dexborneol Concentrated Solution for Injection) drove the revenue from
    and sales of nervous system products to record significant year-to-year growth, which further
    consolidated our leading market position in such area. Sanbexin ® has benefited approximately
    880,000 patients during the Reporting Period and covers approximately 3,440 medical institutions
    currently. In January 2023, Sanbexin® was successfully renewed in the National Reimbursement Drug
    List (the “NRDL”).

•   The revenue contribution achieved by ENWEIDA® (Envafolimab Injection) in the first full year after
    its launch further verified our commercialization capability. As the first PD-(L)1 antibody drug to be
    administered by subcutaneous injection in the world and the first domestic PD-L1 antibody drug,
    ENWEIDA® has benefited approximately 20,000 patients during the Reporting Period by leveraging on
    its differentiated treatment advantages.


Research and Development

The Group attaches great importance and devotes to the R&D of innovative drugs. Guided by clinical
values, the Group focuses on higher efficiency and adheres to differentiation. The innovative drugs
R&D pipelines with continuous progress gather momentum for sustainable growth of the Company’s
development.

•   As of the date of this report, the Group has nearly 60 product pipelines of innovative drugs and
    is currently initiating registrational clinical studies for 17 innovative drugs, including 5 marketed
    innovative drugs (commenced clinical studies like new indications or combined use), 2 drug
    candidates that are in NDA/pivotal trial stage, 10 drug candidates that are in phase I/II and
    approximately 40 pre-clinical drug candidates.

•   During the Reporting Period, the Group has added 6 new PCC1 molecules and 6 INDs2, completed 11
    FPIs/FIHs3 and 7 LPIs4, and its clinical projects have enrolled over 2,600 subjects.




1
    Preclinical Candidate Compounds (PCC)
2
    A total of 6 approved Investigational New Drug (IND) applications, namely SIM0235 (TNFR2, advanced solid tumor and
    CTCL, January 29, the United States), SIM0408 (QPCT, Alzheimer’s disease, February 24), SIM0272 (PRMT5, tumor,
    March 22), XIANNUOXIN® (3CL, Mild-to-Moderate COVID-19, March 28; close contact prevention of COVID-19, May 13),
    SIM0237 (PD-L1/IL15v, advanced solid tumor, October 27, the United States; December 27, China) and SIM0348 (TIGIT/
    PVRIG, advanced solid tumor, December 29), respectively
3
    Completed clinical the first-in-human trial (“FIH”) for 4 trials in total, namely SIM0235 (TNFR2, solid tumors, March 16),
    XIANNUOXIN® (3CL, healthy person, April 10), SIM0270 (SERD, breast cancer, May 18), SIM0272 (PRMT5, tumors, June
    27), respectively; completed FPI for 7 trials in total, namely COSELA® (CDK4/6, TNBC phase III, January 7), XIANNUOXIN®
    (3CL, COVID-19 phase Ib, May 14), SIM0335 (IL-17A related passways, psoriasis phase IIa, May 27), XIANNUOXIN® (3CL,
    COVID-19 phase II, June 13), docetaxel polymeric micelles for injection (tubulin inhibitor, solid tumors phase II, June
    23), XIANNUOXIN® (3CL, phase III of COVID-19, August 19), SIM0235 (TNFR2, solid tumor, October 31, the United States),
    respectively
4
    Completed last patient enrollment (“LPI”) for 7 trials in total, namely Iremod® (phase II of Sjögren’s Syndrome, January
    20), Sanbexin sublingual tablets (phase III of AIS, May 4), XIANNUOXIN® (3CL, phase I of COVID-19, May 25), COSELA®
    (CDK4/6, phase III of CRC, June 13, China), XIANNUOXIN ® (3CL, phase Ib of COVID-19, July 23), COSELA ® (CDK4/6, phase
    III of TNBC, August 2, China), XIANNUOXIN® (3CL, phase III of COVID-19, December 16), respectively


                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022      9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     We have been promoting the development progress of various innovative drugs in pivotal trial stage. As
     of the date of this report, 3 phase III clinical trials under research had met the primary endpoints and 2
     of them had supported successful product launches.

     •    On February 23, 2022, the phase III clinical trial (TRACES study) of COSELA® (Trilaciclib Hydrochloride
          for Injection) for the treatment of ES-SCLC patients pertaining to the protection of existing bone
          marrow met its primary endpoint. The results of such study was disclosed at the World Conference on
          Lung Cancer (“WCLC”) in July 2022.

     •    On December 1, 2022, the phase III clinical study of Sanbexin sublingual tablets for the treatment
          of Acute Ischemic Stroke (“AIS”) achieved expected efficacy endpoints. The results showed that
          Sanbexin sublingual tablets have a good safety profile and can significantly improve the recovery
          of neurological function and ability to live independently following treatment in AIS patients. The
          detailed results will be published in medical conferences/academic journals. On December 24, 2022,
          the Company submitted the pre-NDA application of such drug.

     •    On January 6, 2023, the phase III clinical study of XIANNUOXIN ® for the treatment of adult patients
          infected with mild-to-moderate COVID-19 met the primary efficacy endpoints. Such study was so far
          the first phase III registrational clinical study for Chinese patient population infected with the SARS-
          CoV-2 Omicron variants that has completed the planned number of patient enrollment, and was
          designed in accordance with international guidance and was the first phase III registrational clinical
          study worldwide which has met the primary endpoint as time to sustained recovery of 11 symptoms.
          The detailed results will be published in medical conferences/academic journals.

     We establish efficient teams for clinical operation and registration, in order to facilitate the global R&D
     of product pipelines under research and expedite the achievement of innovation value.

     •    Speed of various projects’ execution set new industry records: COSELA® only spent 708 days from
          signing contract to obtain interests in China on August 3, 2020 to obtaining conditional approval for
          marketing by the ES-SCLC indication. The phase III clinical study of Sanbexin sublingual tablets
          only spent 10 months to complete the enrollment of all 914 patients. XIANNUOXIN® only spent 437
          days from signing contracts (pre-clinical candidates) on November 17, 2021 to obtaining conditional
          approval for marketing.

     •    Overseas deployment achieved substantial progress: We are initiating or preparing to initiate clinical
          studies for 3 innovative drug candidates outside China, including Sanbexin sublingual tablets,
          SIM0235 (TNFR2) and SIM0237 (anti-PD-L1/IL15v bispecific antibody).




10   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Business Development

SIM0278, an independently-developed drug candidate, has finished a license-out deal, which achieved
zero breakthrough.

•    On September 28, 2022, the Group entered into a license-out agreement with Almirall S.A.
     (“Almirall”), an international biopharmaceutical company, to license out SIM0278 (IL-2muFc), which
     was developed in-house by utilizing the Group’s protein engineering platform. Under the agreement,
     the Group granted Almirall an exclusive right to develop and commercialize SIM0278 outside the
     Greater China region. The Group received a US$15 million upfront payment and may receive up
     to US$492 million in development and commercial milestone payments contingent on successful
     milestone achievements in several indications, with an important part as sales milestones, as well as
     up to low double-digit tiered royalties based upon future overseas sales.

We achieved a number of strategic cooperations, so as to enlarge our product pipelines and the coverage
of disease areas.

•    On March 18, 2022, the Group entered into a cooperation agreement with Lynk Pharmaceuticals
     Co., Ltd., pursuant to which, the Group obtained the exclusive commercial promotion right of highly
     selective JAK1 inhibitor for rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis indications in China.

•    On April 20, 2022, the Group reached strategic cooperation with Neurodawn Pharmaceutical Co.,
     Ltd.(南京寧丹新藥技術有限公司) (“Neurodawn”) in respect of the overseas interests of Sanbexin
     sublingual tablets, and the Group intended to initiate clinical studies and commercialization of
     Sanbexin sublingual tablets outside China.

•    On November 15, 2022, the Group entered an exclusive license agreement with Idorsia
     Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (“Idorsia”) for the insomnia drug Daridorexant, a dual orexin receptor
     antagonist. Under the agreement, the Group was granted an exclusive right to develop and
     commercialize Daridorexant in the Greater China region. Daridorexant has been approved by the
     U.S. FDA and the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) in Great Britain for
     marketing in the United States and European Union previously.

•    During the Reporting Period, we entered into an agreement with HeMo Bioengineering Limited in
     respect of the commercialization of neuro-intervention products like Afentta ® aspiration catheters,
     which further expanded the business layout of the neuroscience sector.


Manufacturing

The Group improves our production capability and efficiency continuously, so as to adapt to the expanding
businesses and strengthen our market competitiveness.

•    Application for manufacturing COSELA ® in China was progressing well: On January 13, 2023, the
     supplementary application was submitted, so as to transfer the commercial production to domestic
     manufacturing facilities as soon as possible.

•    As of the date of this report, projects under construction, including new manufacturing facilities
     of Jiangsu Xiansheng Biology Medical Co., Ltd (江蘇先盛生物醫藥有限公司) (a pharmaceutical
     ingredient base) and Shandong Simcere Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (山東先聲生物製藥有限公司) are
     progressing well.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     BUSINESS PROSPECTS

     Leveraging on the ongoing development of late-stage pipelines and mature commercialization capability,
     we predict that 2023 will still be a year of newly-launched products having continuous harvests and also
     a key year for the further exploration of internationalized development. We will insist on executing the
     following management objectives:

     •    Strengthening commercialization capability, so as to boost differentiated innovative drugs (Sanbexin ®,
          ENWEIDA ® and COSELA ®) to achieve high growth continuously. We will explore the registration
          and marketing of our products in overseas markets (including countries under the “Belt and Road
          Initiative”). We emphasize the multi-channel development of drug types outside hospitals and
          advance the establishment of digital marketing capability. Our products will cover more medical
          institutions and benefit more patients, so as to enhance the accessibility of marketed products
          continuously.

     •    We will continue to increase investment in R&D and expedite the execution of our projects under
          research. We will facilitate independent development candidates with the potential of FIC/BIC to enter
          clinical trial or POC study (such as TNFR2, SERD and PRMT5). We will accelerate the development
          of late-stage products (such as Sanbexin sublingual tablets and Suvemcitug) and the researches on
          new indications and combination of marketed products (such as COSELA ® and new indications of
          Sanbexin®). We will enhance overseas clinical studies as well.

     •    We will adhere to synergistic innovation and accelerate business development cooperation. We will
          pay attention to late-stage products with huge clinical demands and carry out efficient searching
          of assessments and transactions. We will actively explore licensing opportunities of the overseas
          interests of pipelines at the early stage. We will deepen and initiate the synergistic and innovative
          cooperation with the Chinese and global leading research institutes and promote communications
          and cooperations with internal and external parties, thereby achieving excellent alliance
          management.

     •    We will produce more safe, efficacious and high quality pharmaceutical products for patients and
          accelerate the change of XIANNUOXIN® from conditional approval to full approval so as to help speed
          up the recovery of social and economic life affected by the pandemic.

     •    We will improve our organizational capability and continue to increase the talent density. We will
          achieve clear strategies, focused on management and accurate resources in the level of disease
          areas, and we will explore more efficient and more constructive innovative development paths.

     SUMMARY OF PRODUCT PIPELINES

     As of the date of this report, the Group has nearly 60 product pipelines of innovative drugs and is currently
     initiating registrational clinical studies for 17 innovative drugs, including 5 marketed innovative drugs
     (commenced clinical studies like new indications or combined use), 2 drug candidates that are in NDA/
     pivotal trial stage, 10 drug candidates that are in phase I/II and approximately 40 pre-clinical drug
     candidates. The forms of innovative drugs under development contain monoclonal antibodies, bispecific
     antibodies, multi-specific antibodies, fusion proteins, ADC and small molecule drugs. The extensive
     pipeline reserves have huge clinical and commercialization potential, which are expected to help more
     patients.

     The table below summarizes the therapeutic targets, therapeutic areas, rights and development of our
     principal innovative drugs as of the date of this report.


12   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


*                    Product candidate
 Cooperation
                    （Target/Mechanism）                Pre-clinical              IND                          Phase I                     Phase II          Phase III        NDA/IDL            Approval
  Products

                                                                                                Oncology

     COSELA®*（CDK4/6）                               ES-SCLC（TRACES study）                                                                                Conditionally approved on July 12, 2022

                                                    TNBC（PRESERVE 2 study）

     Endostar® New Indication                       Thoracoabdominal effusions（COREMAP study）
    （Angiogenesis）

     Suvemcitug*（VEGF）                              OC,FTC and PPC（SCORES study）

     ENWEIDA®*+ Suvemcitug*（PD-L1+VEGF）             Solid tumors

     Docetaxel polymeric micelles for injection *   Solid tumors
    （Tubulin inhibitor）

     SIM0395*（PI3K/mTOR）                            Glioblastoma

     SIM0270（SERD BM）                               Breast cancer

     SIM0235（TNFR2）                                 Advanced solid tumor and CTCL（China-U.S.）

     SIM0272（PRMT5）                                 Tumors

     SIM0237（PD-L1/IL15v bispecific antibody）       Advanced solid tumor（China-U.S.）

     SIM0348（TIGIT/PVRIG bispecific antibody）       Advanced solid tumor

     SIM0323*（CD80/IL2）                             Solid tumors

     SIM0500                                        Multiple Myeloma

     SIM0501                                        Solid tumors

     SIM0502                                        Solid tumors

     SIM0503                                        Solid tumors

     SIM0505                                        Solid tumors

                                                                                         Nervous System
     Sanbexin sublingual tablets*
                                                    AIS
    （Free radicals and inflammatory cytokines）

                                                    AIS（U.S.）

     Sanbexin® injection New Indication
                                                    ICH
    （Free radicals and inflammatory cytokines）
     Daridorexant*
                                                    Insomnia                                                                          Approved for marketing in the United States and Europe
    （Dual orexin receptor antagonist）

     SIM0801*（QPCT）                                 Alzheimer Disease

     SIM0800*（AQP4）                                 Stroke with cerebral edema

     SIM0802*（PSD-95）                               AIS etc.

                                                                                             Autoimmune

     SIM0278（IL2muFc）                               SLE, AD, etc.      The exclusive right license-out to Almirall outside of China

     SIM0295*（URAT1）                                Gout with hyperuricemia

 ▲ LNK01001*（JAK1）                                  RA and AS

 ▲ SIM0335*（IL-17A-related pathways）                Psoriasis

                                                                                             Anti-infection

     XIANNUOXIN®*（3CL）                              Mild-to-moderate COVID-19                                                                       Conditionally approved on January 28, 2023




                                                     Small molecule                          Development status of R&D partner(s)                                        Including overseas development

                                                     Large molecule                          Global clinical trials with partners                                      ▲ Only commercialization right




                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022         13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     COMMERCIALIZATION STAGE INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS

     As of the date of this report, we have successfully expanded our commercialized portfolio into six 1
     innovative products spanning over multiple therapeutic areas, including nervous system, oncology,
     autoimmune and anti-infection, which have significant market potentials and synergistic effects. In 2022,
     revenue from the innovative pharmaceutical business was approximately RMB4,128 million, accounting for
     65.3% of the total revenue and representing an increase of approximately 32.3% as compared to RMB3,120
     million of 2021. Benefiting from the rapid increase in revenue from the innovative pharmaceutical
     business, during the Reporting Period, revenue of the Group was approximately RMB6,319 million,
     representing an increase of approximately 26.4% as compared to RMB5,000 million of 2021. Leveraging
     on the advantage of products’ clinical efficacy as well as the professional and efficient commercialization
     team, we are confident of the stable growth of revenue from products. In the future, the Group will remain
     dedicated to market innovative drugs with higher efficacy continuously, so as to fulfill the unmet demands
     of patients.




          1
                Bristol Myers Squibb (BMS) and the Group have mutually decided to terminate the licensing and supply agreement
                for Orencia® in China.


14   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Nervous System Products


Sanbexin® (Edaravone and Dexborneol Concentrated Solution for Injection)

Sanbexin® is a category I innovative drug
developed by the Group with proprietary
intellectual property right used to treat Acute
Ischemic Stroke (AIS). Sanbexin ® was approved
for marketing in China in July 2020 and has been
included in the NRDL since December 2020. The
results of phase III pivotal clinical TASTE study
of Sanbexin ® , which are published in STROKE,
an international authoritative medicine journal,
indicated that, Sanbexin ® can significantly increase the proportion of patients with a mRS score of 0-1
after 90 days of treatment of patients, i.e. reduce the proportion of patients disabled by AIS. Sanbexin ® was
recommended by the Specialists’ Consensus on the Clinical Assessment and Treatment of Acute Cerebral
Infarction Ischemic Penumbra in China (《 急性腦梗死缺血半暗帶臨床評估和治療中國專家共識》) and the
Guidelines on Establishment of Stroke Prevention and Treatment System (《 腦卒中防治體系建設指導規
範》) and other guidelines and consensuses, and multiple relevant studies were presented at the European
Stroke Organization Conference (ESOC), the scientific meeting of the American Heart Association (AHA)
Hypertension Council and the World Congress of Neurology (WCN).

•    The TASTE II study, led by Beijing Tiantan Hospital of the Capital Medical University with the
     participation of approximately 100 research centers in China, was progressing well. Such study aimed
     at evaluating the efficacy and safety of Sanbexin® combined with reperfusion in the treatment of AIS
     patients. On March 21, 2022, such study completed the First-Patient-In (“FPI”). As of the date of this
     report, the enrollment of more than 1,300 AIS patients within 24 hours of onset and undergone early
     endovascular recanalization therapy was completed.

•    In May 2022, Sanbexin ® was recommended by the 2022 Guidelines on Establishment of
     Stroke Prevention and Treatment System (《 腦 卒 中 防 治 體 系 建 設 指 導 規 範（ 2022 版 ）》) (Level IIa
     recommendation, level A evidence). The recommended contents are: Edaravone and dexborneol
     block the cerebral ischemia cascade through multiple targets such as free radical scavenging,
     inflammation resistance, glutamate excitotoxicity resistance and mitochondria protection. It can
     significantly improve the functional outcomes of patients with Ischemic Stroke, and is safe for clinical
     use, providing a new and more effective clinical treatment for AIS.

•    In May 2022, a research result published at the 8th European Stroke Organization Conference (ESOC)
     indicated that whether thrombolysis treatment is received or not, Sanbexin® significantly lowers the
     inflammatory factor level of AIS patients and improves nervous functions, for which the improvement
     made by the treatment group of Sanbexin® combined with thrombolytic drugs is the most distinct.

•    Sanbexin ® has benefited approximately 880,000 patients during the Reporting Period and covers
     approximately 3,440 medical institutions currently. In January 2023, Sanbexin ® was successfully
     renewed in the NRDL.

•    On February 8, 2023, the Group’s application of IND for treatment of hemorrhagic stroke by Sanbexin®
     was accepted by CDE and it was expected to initiate the clinical trial of such indication in 2023.

                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022   15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Oncology Products


     Endostar® (Recombinant Human Endostatin Injection)

     Endostar ® is the first anti-angiogenic targeted
     drug in China and the only endostatin approved
     for sale worldwide. Endostar ® has been included
     in the NRDL since 2017 and is recommended as
     a first-line treatment for patients with advanced
     non-small-cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”) by a
     number of oncology clinical practice guidelines
     issued by the National Health Commission of the
     PRC (“NHC”), Chinese Medical Association (中華醫
     學會) and Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (“CSCO”). Also, it is recommended by various guidelines in
     relation to nasopharyngeal carcinoma, melanoma, esophageal carcinoma and osteosarcoma. At present,
     the Group is actively exploring the expansion of new indications of this product in thoracoabdominal
     effusions.

     •    On July 28, 2022, COREMAP study, a randomized, controlled and double-blinded multi-center phase
          III clinical trial of intracavitary injection with Endostar® in combination with Cisplatin versus Placebo
          in combination with Cisplatin for the treatment of malignant thoracoabdominal effusions, completed
          the FPI, which was led by Shanghai East Hospital and participated by more than 70 research centers
          across China. As of the date of this report, the COREMAP study has enrolled 328 patients.

     •    In June 2022, the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) published 3 important research
          results about Endostar ® at its 58th annual meeting in the form of online abstracts and posters,
          including three days intravenous infusion of Endostar® in combination with PD-1 monoclonal antibody
          and chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of EGFR/ALK-negative advanced non-squamous
          NSCLC, Endostar® in combination with whole brain radiotherapy for the treatment of NSCLC brain
          metastasis patients, and Endostar ® in combination with radiotherapy for the treatment of low-risk
          locally advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma.

     •    On August 6, 2022, a multi-center retrospective study of Endostar® in combination with Camrelizumab
          and chemotherapy for the treatment of advanced NSCLC was presented at the 2022 WCLC meeting.

     •    In November 2022, 2 study results of Endostar® were announced at the annual meeting of CSCO, and
          the data were mainly about advanced NSCLC.

     •    In December 2022, Endostar ® was recommended by the 2022 Guidelines on Radiotherapy of
          Esophageal Cancer (《中國食管癌放射治療指南（2022年版）》) again (Level II recommendation, Class 2B
          evidence).

     •    In December 2022, as recommended by the “Guidelines for the Clinical Application of New Anti-tumor
          Drugs (2022 edition)” (《 新型抗腫瘤藥物臨床應用指導原則（2022年版）》) issued by the NHC, except
          administration by sequential intravenous infusions for 14 days, the clinical practice of Endostar can
          also apply 210mg continuous intravenous infusion for 72 hours or 120 hours.




16   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


ENWEIDA® (Envafolimab Injection)

ENWEIDA ® is a single domain antibody against
recombinant humanized PD-L1 and a protein
fused with Fc, which was conditionally approved
to marketing in China by the NMPA on November
25, 2021. ENWEIDA ® is the world’s first PD-(L)1
antibody to be administered by subcutaneous
injection approved for marketing. Its unique
method of injection differentiates itself from other
PD-(L)1 products currently on the market, with the
differentiation advantages of short administration
time and good safety. On March 30, 2020, the Group entered into a tripartite cooperation agreement in
relation to Envafolimab with 3D (Beijing) Medicines Inc. and Jiangsu Alphamab Biopharmaceuticals Co.,
Ltd.. The above-mentioned agreement provides the Group with the exclusive right to promote Envafolimab
for all oncology indications and the right of first refusal of external licensing or assignment in mainland
China.

•    In April 2022, ENWEIDA ® was firstly included in three CSCO important guidelines: CSCO Diagnosis
     and Treatment Guidelines for Gastric Cancer 2022 (《 CSCO 胃 癌 診 療 指 南 2022 版 》) (Level I
     recommendation, Class 2A evidence); CSCO Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Colorectal
     Cancer 2022 (《CSCO結直腸癌診療指南2022版》) (Level II recommendation, Class 2A evidence); CSCO
     Immune Checkpoints Guidelines for Clinical Use of Inhibitors (《CSCO免疫檢查點抑制劑臨床應用指南
     2022版》) (Level I recommendation, Class 2A evidence) for recommendation.

•    In October and November 2022, ENWEIDA ® was newly included in three CSCO guidelines for
     gynecologic tumor: CSCO Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Endometrial Carcinoma 2022
     (《 CSCO子宮內膜癌診療指南2022版》) (Level II recommendation); CSCO Diagnosis and Treatment
     Guidelines for Cervical Cancer 2022 (《 CSCO宮頸癌診療指南2022版》) (Level II recommendation);
     CSCO Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Ovarian Cancer 2022 (Level III recommendation, Class
     2B evidence).

•    In November 2022, four study results of ENWEIDA ® were announced at the annual meeting of the
     Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (CSCO), which involved ES-SCLC, microsatellite stable (MSS)
     colorectal cancer (CRC), NSCLC, renal cell carcinoma (RCC), gastric cancer, esophageal cancer and
     other tumors.

•    In December 2022, ENWEIDA ® was included in the China Esophagus Cancer Radiotherapy
     Guidelines 2022 (《 中國食管癌放射治療指南（2022年版）》). The Guidelines mentioned that, phase
     II/III clinical studies of various PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies (including Envafolimab) plus concurrent
     chemoradiotherapy for locally advanced inoperable esophageal squamous cell carcinoma are
     ongoing, which initially demonstrated the efficacy and safety of radiotherapy in combination with
     immunotherapy.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     •    On March 9, 2022, the multiple-cohort and multicenter phase II clinical trial led by the Group on the
          efficacy and safety of Suvemcitug in combination with Envafolimab with or without chemotherapy for
          the treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors completed the planned enrollment targets and
          enrolled 86 subjects in total.

     Under the guidance of 7 authoritative guidelines and clinical evidence-based evidences, ENWEIDA® is
     expected to benefit more patients. In the future, Envafolimab will make progress in the treatment of more
     tumor types and may be recommended by the treatment guidelines of more tumor types (including liver
     cancer), so as to benefit more patients with tumors.


     COSELA® (Trilaciclib Hydrochloride for Injection)

     COSELA® is an effective, selective and
     reversiblecycl in-dependent kinases 4 and 6
     (CDK4/6) inhibitor. COSELA® is the world’s
     first-in-class comprehensive myeloprotection
     innovative drug that can de-administered
     prior to a chemotherapy and transiently retard
     hematopoietic stem cells and progenitor cells
     in G1 phase of cell cycle, thereby protect bone
     marrow cells from damage caused by cytotoxic
     chemotherapy. In August 2020, the Group entered
     into the exclusive license agreement with G1 Therapeutics, Inc. (“G1 Therapeutics”) to develop and
     commercialize Trilaciclib Hydrochloride for Injection in the Greater China region. On February 13, 2021,
     the product was approved for sale by the U.S. FDA. Currently, the product has been recommended by the
     related key guidelines of National Comprehensive Cancer Network Guidelines (“NCCN”), CSCO and other
     organizations.

     •    On February 23, 2022, it was announced that COSELA ® had reached the primary endpoint for the
          randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled and multi-center phase III clinical trial (TRACES study)
          evaluating the safety, efficacy, and pharmacokinetics of Trilaciclib Hydrochloride for Injection in ES-
          SCLC patients who are receiving carboplatin in combination with etoposide or topotecan treatment.

     •    On July 12, 2022, COSELA® was conditionally approved for marketing by the NMPA with an indication
          label of decreasing the incidence of chemotherapy-induced myelosuppression in adult patients when
          administered prior to a platinum/etoposide-containing regimen for ES-SCLC. This approval for the
          marketing of COSELA ® is based on the data of the safety introduction stage of the TRACES study,
          the data of the real-world study (Trila-CN-RWS-001 study) in the International Medical Tourism Pilot
          Zone, Boao Hope City, Hainan Free Trade Port, China, and the previous overseas clinical trial data
          from G1 Therapeutics.




18   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•    In July 2022, the main results of the phase III TRACES study were presented at the WCLC on
     December 29, 2021: compared with placebo, COSELA ® administered before chemotherapy in Chinese
     patients resulted in a significant decrease in the duration of severe neutropenia in Cycle 1 (0 day
     vs 2 days; P=0.0003). In addition, COSELA ® also significantly decreased the occurrence of severe
     neutropenia (SN, 7.3% vs 45.2%, P<0.0001), febrile neutropenia (FN, 2.4% vs 16.7%, P=0.0267) and
     grade 3/4 hematologic toxicity (53.7% vs 88.1%, P=0.0005). In terms of safety, among the patients
     using COSELA®, all other treatment emergent adverse events (TEAE) were lower than those of the
     placebo control except for a slight increase in hypertriglyceridemia and γ-glutamyl transferase.
     Compared with placebo, there are fewer grade ≥3 adverse events using COSELA® (61.0% vs 88.1%),
     primarily due to the lower incidence of hematological grade ≥3 adverse events (53.7% vs 88.1%).

In addition to the ES-SCLC indications above, COSELA ® was also investigated in two phase III clinical trials
for metastatic colorectal cancer (“mCRC”) and triple-negative breast cancer (“TNBC”). The Group was
responsible for the planning of these two MRCTs in China.

•    An international multi-center phase III clinical trial of COSELA ® for mCRC with FOLFOXIRI/
     bevacizumab (PRESERVE1 Study): In March 2022, as part of the global clinical study, 10 research
     centers in China completed enrollment of all 53 Chinese patients. On February 13, 2023, G1
     Therapeutics announced that the PRESERVE1 study met its primary endpoint in that COSELA ®
     significantly decreased the occurrence of severe neutropenia. However, the ORR showed the placebo
     group showed a more pronounced outcome and thus G1 Therapeutics decided to stop such study.

•    An international multi-center phase III clinical trial of COSELA ® for TNBC with gemcitabine and
     carboplatin (PRESERVE2 study). On January 7, 2022, the Group completed the FPI for this trial in
     China. On August 2, 2022, the clinical trial completed an enrollment of 38 cases in total in China.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022   19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Autoimmune Products


     Iremod® (Iguratimod Tablets)

     Iremod® is the category 1.1 new drug
     independently developed by the Group, and also
     the first Iguratimod pharmaceutical product
     approved for marketing in the world. Iremod® has
     been included in the National Medical Insurance
     Catalogue (B-List) since 2017. The indication is the
     active rheumatoid arthritis. Since it launched in
     2012, Iremod® has benefited over 1 million patients
     (persons) in China. Iremod ® is recommended as
     the primary therapy drug for the treatment of
     active rheumatoid arthritis by a number of clinical
     practice guidelines and pathways issued by the NHC, Chinese Medical Association, Asia Pacific League of
     Associations for Rheumatology and Labor and Welfare of Japan.

     •    On January 20, 2022, the phase II clinical trial of Iremod® in the treatment of active Primary Sjögren’s
          Syndrome enrolled all 144 subjects.

     •    In January 2022, the Rheumatoid Arthritis Diagnosis and Treatment Standards (《類風濕關節炎診療規
          範》) officially released recommended iguratimod among the conventional synthetic disease modifying
          antirheumatic drugs (csDMARDs).

     •    In June 2022, two important studies on Iremod® were selected for the posters of the annual meeting
          of the European League Against Rheumatism (EULAR). One exploratory study on the mechanism
          of treating rheumatoid arthritisrelated interstitial lung disease shows that: The results from
          randomly dividing the mouse pulmonary fibrosis model into control group and treatment group with
          different concentrations, indicate that iguratimod could improve pulmonary fibrosis by inhibiting the
          initiation of EMT process and NLRP3 inflammasome activation, as well as reducing ROS production,
          which provides new insights for further application of iguratimod in interstitial pulmonary fibrosis.
          Another claims-based algorithms retrospective real-world study to evaluate the cost-effectiveness
          of iguratimod among patients with rheumatoid arthritis shows that: This proves that iguratimod
          combined with methotrexate for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis patients is a strategy with both
          curative effect and economic cost.

     •    In December 2022, during the annual meeting of Asia-Pacific League of Associations for
          Rheumatology (APLAR), a real-world evidence of Iremod ® treating lupus nephritis (LN) was
          published. The evidence showed that Iremod ® was expected to be a new treatment option for LN
          patients.




20   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Anti-infection Products


XIANNUOXIN® (Simnotrelvir Tablets/Ritonavir Tablets (co-packaged))

XIANNUOXIN ® is the first domestic 3CL small
molecule anti-SARS-CoV-2 innovative drug
with independent intellectual rights in China, of
which, Simnotrelvir targets 3CL protease which
is essential for SARS-CoV-2 virus replication, and
its combination with low-dose Ritonavir helps
to slow down the metabolism or breakdown of
Simnotrelvir in body in order to improve the
antiviral effect.

To fight against the COVID-19 pandemic and help more patients, with the professional guidance and
support of regulatory authorities, the Group spared no efforts in the development and supply upholding
of XIANNUOXIN®. It took only 437 days for XIANNUOXIN® from signing contracts (pre-clinical candidates)
on November 17, 2021 to obtaining conditional approval for marketing by the NMPA on January 28, 2023.
The Group immediately started the production process after being approved and completed all process
rapidly, and it took 12 days to complete the production and launch. To guarantee timely medication of
COVID-19 patients, especially people are at risk of disease progression, within the “golden 72 hours”, we
have dedicated resources and teams to help localities to ensure the supply of medical materials, so as to
accelerate the admission into hospitals and strive to enhance product accessibility. The major milestones
and clinical data of XIANNUOXIN® are listed below:

Pre-clinical stage:

•    On November 17, 2021, the Group entered into a technology transfer contract with the Shanghai
     Institute of Materia Medica of Chinese Academy of Sciences and Wuhan Institute of Virology, pursuant
     to which, the Group obtained development, production and commercialization rights on an exclusive
     basis of Simnotrelvir worldwide.

•    Preclinical animal trial indicated that Simnotrelvir showed potent, broad-spectrum anti-SARS-CoV-2
     activity with no genotoxicity observed.

Clinical stage:

•    On March 28, 2022, XIANNUOXIN® obtained the Clinical Trial Approval for drugs issued by the NMPA
     for the initiation of series clinical trials regarding the treatment of mild-to-moderate COVID-19
     infection.

•    Phase I clinical trial: On April 10, 2022, the FPI for the phase I clinical trial for safety, tolerability
     and pharmacokinetics of XIANNUOXIN ® among health adult subjects after single/multiple dose
     administrations was completed at Shandong Provincial Qianfoshan Hospital. On June 1, 2022, such
     study completed the enrollment of all patients and in-hospital observation.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022   21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     •    Phase Ib clinical trial: On July 23, 2022, the phase Ib clinical trial for adults with COVID-19 infection
          completed the medication of all patients in the Third People’s Hospital of Shenzhen, and follow-up
          observation of all patients was completed. The results of the clinical trial showed that XIANNUOXIN®
          has shown positive effects on viral load, negative turning time and elimination of COVID-19-related
          symptoms.

     •    Phase II/III clinical trial: On August 19, 2022, the phase III clinical trial XIANNUOXIN® enrolled the first
          patient in Sanya Central Hospital (Hainan Third People’s Hospital). On December 16, 2022, enrollment
          of all 1,208 patients was completed. Such study has established a total of 43 clinical research centers
          in 20 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in China. Such study is so far the first phase
          III registrational clinical study for Chinese patient population infected with the SARS-CoV-2 Omicron
          variants that has completed the planned number of patient enrollment. Such study was designed
          in accordance with international guidance and was the first phase III registrational clinical study
          worldwide which has met the primary endpoint as time to sustained recovery of 11 symptoms.

     The results of phase II/III clinical trial showed that XIANNUOXIN® was effective in accelerating recovery
     from symptoms and shortening the duration of disease compared to placebo: a significant reduction of the
     time to first occurrence of sustained recovery of 11 target COVID-19 symptoms by approximately 1.5 days,
     with a significant reduction of approximately 2.4 days for the subgroup population with at least one high
     risk factor for progression to severe COVID-19, while the data suggest superior efficacy of XIANNUOXIN®
     with early use. XIANNUOXIN ® also demonstrates significant antiviral effects: viral load reduced rapidly
     and significantly after dosing; viral load reduced up to over 96% (treatment difference in change from
     baseline 1.43 log10 copies/mL) compared to placebo on day 5 after dosing; and nucleic acid conversion time
     shortened by approximately 2.2 days. Safety data show that XIANNUOXIN® is safe and well tolerated for
     Chinese patients infected with mild-to-moderate COVID-19. Detailed data of such study are expected to be
     released in academic journals or conferences in the future.


     NDA/PIVOTAL TRIAL STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES


     Sanbexin sublingual tablets

     Sanbexin sublingual tablets are solid formulations absorbed by the sublingual mucous membrane
     containing edaravone and dexborneol, which can disintegrate quickly under the tongue and absorb into
     the blood through the sublingual venous plexus, inhibit inflammations and prevent free radicals, thus
     minimizing neuronal damage caused by AIS. Such unique dosage form is expected to increase the flexibility
     of stroke treatment and improve medication compliance. In the future, sequential therapy consisting
     of Sanbexin sublingual tablets and Sanbexin ® (Edaravone and Dexborneol Concentrated Solution for
     Injection) which has been launched by the Company is expected to enable patients to receive a complete
     treatment. In addition, administration of sublingual tablets is less dependent on medical facility conditions
     or compliance of patients, which makes it more suitable for research on new indications such as other
     nervous system diseases.




22   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•    On April 20, 2022, the Group reached further strategic cooperation with Neurodawn in respect of the
     overseas interests of Sanbexin sublingual tablets. The Group will commence the clinical studies and
     commercialization of Sanbexin sublingual tablets outside China. Currently, the phase I clinical study
     of Sanbexin sublingual tablets in the United States is in the preparation stage.

•    On May 4, 2022, the phase III clinical trial of Sanbexin sublingual tablets for the treatment of AIS
     has completed the LPI which only took ten months to complete the enrollment of all 914 patients
     in advance, and all treatments and visits of patients were completed in August 2022. This multi-
     center, randomized, double-blind, parallel and placebo-controlled phase III study was led by Peking
     University Third Hospital with participation of approximately 40 research centers nationwide, which
     enrolled patients aged 18–80 with AIS within 48 hours of onset. The primary endpoint of the trial was
     the proportion of participants with an mRS score of 0~1 on the 90th day after treatment, i.e. proportion
     of patients who regained independent living function. At the same time, other efficacy and safety
     indicators were evaluated and biomarkers for stroke were explored.

•    On December 1, 2022, the above phase III clinical trial has completed Database Lock (DBL) and
     statistical analyses. The data showed that, compared with placebo, Sanbexin sublingual tablets
     have significantly improved the recovery of neurological function and ability to live independently
     following treatment in AIS patients, achieving expected efficacy endpoints with a good safety profile.
     The detailed results are expected to be published in academic journals or conferences. The success
     of such study has demonstrated the clinical values of Sanbexin sublingual tablets in the treatment of
     AIS, which is expected to bring new treatment options for AIS patients.

•    On December 24, 2022, the Group has submitted the Pre-NDA of Sanbexin sublingual tablets and is
     currently expediting the declaration of its NDA.


Suvemcitug

Suvemcitug is a new-generation recombinant humanized anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (anti-
VEGF) monoclonal antibody. In its pre-clinical studies, Suvemcitug has shown higher anti-tumor efficacy
than bevacizumab at the same dose in multiple cancer models. In the phase Ib clinical trial conducted
in China for the treatment of ovarian cancer, preliminary results showed a favorable safety profile and
efficacy signals.

•    On June 11, 2021, the FPI for the phase III clinical trial of Suvemcitug in combination with
     chemotherapy compared with placebo in combination with chemotherapy in patients with recurrent
     epithelial ovarian cancer, fallopian tube cancer and primary peritoneal cancer who failed to be treated
     with platinum chemotherapy regimen (SCORES Study) was completed. As of the date of this report,
     SCORES Study enrolled over 350 subjects in 53 centers in China, and the enrollment of all patients is
     expected to complete in the first half of 2023.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022   23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     •    On June 8, 2022, the Group completed the enrollment for safety run-in period for a multiple-
          cohorts and multi-center phase II clinical trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Suvemcitug in
          combination with Envafolimab with or without chemotherapy in patients with advanced solid tumors.
          As of the date of this report, the intended enrollment has been achieved and enrolled 86 subjects in
          total.


     PHASE I/II STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES


     SIM0395 (Paxalisib)

     SIM0395 is a BBB-penetrant inhibitor of the PI3K/mTOR pathway. A phase II clinical study showed that
     Paxalisib has shown highly encouraging signals of clinical efficacy among glioblastoma patients with
     unmethylated MGMT promoter status. Paxalisib was awarded the GBM orphan drug certification by FDA
     in 2018 and the fast track certification by FDA, the rare childhood disease and orphan drug certification
     of diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma (DIPG) in 2020. In March 2021, the Group entered into an exclusive
     licensing agreement with Kazia to introduce the development and commercialization rights of SIM0395 for
     all indications in the Greater China region. At present, the partner Kazia is in the international multi-center
     pivotal phase III clinical trial for glioblastoma (GBM AGILE Study).


     Docetaxel polymeric micelles for injection

     Docetaxel polymeric micelles for injection uses solubilizing carrier of docetaxel with the polyethylene
     glycol monomethyl ether-polylactic acid block copolymer (mPEG-PDLLA), an amphiphilic biocompatible
     biodegradable material, to reduce the allergy and hematotoxicity of docetaxel injection, and facilitate
     clinical application. In September 2020, the Group reached a global cooperation with Suzhou Hightechbio
     Biotechnology Co., Ltd. on this product.

     •    On March 31, 2022, the FPI for the open, multiple-cohorts and multi-center phased II clinical trial on
          the dosing of Docetaxel Polymeric Micellar for Injection was completed at Tianjin Medical University
          Cancer Institute and Hospital. As of the date of this report, approximately 30 patients were enrolled.


     SIM0270 (SERD)

     SIM0270 is the second-generation oral selective estrogen receptor degrading agent (SERD) with blood-
     brain barrier-penetrating properties independently developed by the Group. The efficacy of SIM0270 in
     the in vivo model is significantly better than an intramuscular SERD drug already on the market, and is
     equivalent to the efficacy of the leading compound in the clinical trial stage. It reflects a brain-to-blood
     ratio significantly better than competing compounds and also shows a tumor- inhibiting drug therapy far
     superior to fulvestrant on the brain orthotropic model of breast cancer. It is expected to be used for the
     treatment of breast cancer with brain metastases.




24   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•    On December 27, 2021, SIM0270 obtained the Clinical Trial Approval issued by the NMPA, which is
     intended for the clinical trial of ER+/HER2-breast cancer.

•    On May 18, 2022, the phase Ia monotherapy clinical trial of SIM0270 completed the FPI in Tianjin
     Medical University Cancer Institute & Hospital, and is currently undergoing the study of dose
     escalation stage for monotherapy.

•    On February 3, 2023, the treatment of estrogen receptor positive breast cancer using SIM0270 in
     combination with piperacil or ivimox has obtained the Clinical Trial Approval issued by the NMPA, and
     it is planned to begin the enrollment of combined dose group in the second half of 2023.


SIM0235 (TNFR2)

SIM0235 is a tumor-immune target human immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1) humanized anti-tumor necrosis
factor receptor type 2 (TNFR2) monoclonal antibody independently developed by the Group. The preclinical
pharmacodynamics model shows significant single-agent efficacy and the potential and superior safety
in combination with PD-1. SIM0235 can specifically recognize TNFR2 expressed on the cell surface
and kill immunosuppressive cells such as regulatory T cells (Treg) and myeloid derived suppressor
cells (MDSC) with high expression of TNFR2 through Fc end functions including antibody dependent
cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) and antibody dependent cell-mediated phagocytosis (ADCP). At the
same time, it can also block the activation of endogenous tumor necrosis factor (TNF) on TNFR2,
inhibit the immunosuppressive function mediated by TNFR2 and the proliferation of related TNFR2+
immunosuppressive cells Treg and MDSC, enhance the body’s killing immune response to tumor and
play an anti-tumor role. In addition, SIM0235 can specifically recognize TNFR2 expressed on the surface
of tumor cells and directly kill tumor cells with high expression of TNFR2 through the effector function
mediated by Fc end of antibody.

•    On December 6, 2021, SIM0235 obtained the Clinical Trial Approval issued by the NMPA, which is
     designed to be used for clinical trials of relapsed or refractory advanced solid tumors and cutaneous
     T-cell lymphoma (CTCL) in China.

•    On January 29, 2022, FDA approved the clinical application of the drug, which is designed to be used
     for clinical trials of advanced solid tumors and CTCL, and achieved the first patient enrollment in the
     United States on October 31, 2022.

•    On March 16, 2022, the FPI for phase I clinical trial of SIM0235 in China was completed at Sun Yat-
     sen University Cancer Center. This is the first-in-human dosing of SIM0235 and is the first time that
     a drug candidate for this target has been used in Chinese subjects. The phase I clinical trial will
     evaluate the safety, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamic characteristics and anti-tumor efficacy of
     SIM0235.

•    On March 13, 2023, the Group reached a clinical development cooperation agreement with MSD to
     explore the possibility of using SIM0235 in combination with KEYTRUDAR (Pembrolizumab), a PD-1
     antibody drug in the above phase I trial.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     SIM0272 (PRMT5)

     SIM0272 is a PRMT5 inhibitor independently developed by the Group with high PRMT5 inhibitory activity
     and high selectivity. PRMT5 is overexpressed in many cancers, including lung, breast, gastric, colorectal,
     ovarian, leukaemia and lymphoma, and is associated with progression and poor prognosis in most
     cancers. Preclinical pharmacokinetic studies revealed that SIM0272 tended to distribute within the tumor
     with an intratumoral drug concentration to plasma drug ratio of approximately 10 times that of other in
     study PRMT5 inhibitors and exhibits proliferation inhibitory activity against a variety of hematologic and
     solid tumor cells in vitro, with the potential to substantially reduce plasma exposure and target related
     hematologic toxic side effects while inhibiting tumors.

     •    On March 21, 2022, SIM0272 obtained the Clinical Trial Approval for drugs issued by the NMPA, which
          is designed for conducting clinical trials for advanced malignant tumors.

     •    In April 2022, SIM0272 preclinical key information was presented as an oral report at the American
          Association for Cancer Research (AACR).

     •    On June 27, 2022, the FPI for the multi-institutional phase I clinical trial which evaluated safety,
          tolerability, efficacy and pharmacokinetics of SIM0272 in patients with advanced malignant tumors
          was completed at Shandong Provincial Oncology Hospital.


     SIM0237 (PD-L1/IL15v bispecific antibody)

     SIM0237 is an anti-PD-L1 monoclonal antibody fused with IL-15/IL-15Rα sushi protein and developed
     in-house by utilizing the Group’s protein engineering platform. It can block the PD-1/PD-L1
     immunosuppressive pathway via binding to PD-L1 and activate the immune system through its IL-15 part,
     thus playing a synergistic role of relieving immunosuppression and boosting the immune system to exhibit
     antitumor effect. Preclinical studies showed that SIM0237 is more effective than PD-L1 or IL-15 mono
     treatment in mouse tumor models, suggesting a high potential for clinical development.

     •    On October 27, 2022, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved the investigational new
          drugs (IND) application of SIM0237. On December 23, 2022, SIM0237 has obtained the Clinical
          Trial Approval issued by the NMPA. Pursuant to which, the MRCT clinical trial of SIM0237 is being
          conducted in the U.S. and China, which is intended to treat advanced solid tumors.

     •    On March 8, 2023, a phase 1 first-in-human, open-label and multi-center study for the assessment
          of safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and preliminary anti-tumor activity among adult subjects of
          SIM0237 advanced solid tumors completed the FPI in Hunan Cancer Hospital.




26   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


SIM0348 (humanized TIGIT/PVRIG bispecific antibody)

SIM0348 is an IgG1-based humanized TIGIT/PVRIG bispecific antibody developed in-house by utilizing
the Group’s protein engineering platform. It can specifically bind two novel immune checkpoint proteins,
human TIGIT and PVRIG at the same time, aiming to block the interaction between CD155/TIGIT and CD112/
PVRIG, and improve the anti-tumor activity of immune cells. SIM0348 has Fc-mediated effector function
and can kill immunosuppressive Treg cells with high expression of TIGIT and dual expression of TIGIT and
PVRIG, while better mediating the activation and killing effect of NK cells and further enhancing the tumor-
killing ability of dual antibodies.

•    On December 28, 2022, SIM0348 injection obtained the Clinical Trial Approval issued by the NMPA of
     China, which is intended to be used in clinical trials for the treatment of advanced solid tumors.


SIM0801 (QPCT)

SIM0801 is an oral small molecule inhibitor targeting glutamine acyl cyclase (QPCT)1. By inhibiting QPCT
to prevent the formation of toxic N3pE starch protein, SIM0801 can play a role in the early stage of disease,
which may prevent neuronal damage. In June 2021, the Group established a strategic regional licensing
partnership with Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (“Vivoryon”) for the development and commercialization of
SIM0801 and other drugs in the Greater China region. In December 2021, the FDA granted “Fast Track”
accreditation to the candidate drug.

•    On February 24, 2022, SIM0801 obtained the Clinical Trial Approval issued by the NMPA, which is
     intended for the treatment of MCI or mild dementia caused by Alzheimer’s disease (AD) and the
     support for the phase I and phase II clinical trial in China.


SIM0800 (AQP4)

SIM0800 is an Aquaporin-4 (AQP4) inhibitor 2 developed based on the Aquaporin water channel theory
which has been awarded the Nobel Prize. It is intended for the treatment of acute severe ischaemic stroke
complicated by cerebral oedema, as a first-in-class small molecule drug with a novel mechanism of action
for brain oedema therapy. The Group entered into a license agreement with Aeromics, Inc. in October 2019,
pursuant to which, the Group obtained a proprietary and sublicensable license for its self-funded research,
development, production and commercialization of SIM0800 in the Greater China region.

•    On February 25, 2023, the phase I clinical trial of SIM0800 completed the LPI.




1
     SIM0801: original code was SIM0408.

2
     SIM0800: original code was SIM0307.


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022   27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     SIM0335 (IL-17A related pathways)

     SIM0335 is a drug candidate developed by BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. (“BCY”) that controls fatty acid metabolism
     and works on IL-17A-related pathways. SIM0335 is a topical ointment with 3-Ocyclohexanecarbony1-
     11-keto-β-boswellic acid (CKBA) being the active ingredient. Phase I clinical results showed that the
     systematic exposure was low and the systematic safety risk was expected to be small.

     •    On May 27, 2022, the FPI for the phase IIa clinical trial of SIM0335 for the treatment of plaque
          psoriasis was completed at Wuxi Second People’s Hospital. The trial is designed to evaluate the
          safety, efficacy and pharmacokinetics of SIM0335 for mild-to-moderate plaque psoriasis. On January
          12, 2023, such study completed the enrollment of all patients.

     •    On March 2, 2023, Guangdong Taienkang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. acquired 50% equity interests in
          BCY and BCY was no longer a subsidiary of the Group1.


     SELECTED PRE-CLINICAL STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES

     We have approximately 40 candidates in the pre-clinical stage and our in-house pipelines focus on
     differentiated targets with FIC and BIC potential, which provide strong and diversified product pipelines for
     the long-term sustainable growth of the Company.


     SIM0278 (IL2 mu Fc)

     SIM0278 is an interleukin 2 mutant fusion protein (IL-2 mu Fc) that activates regulatory T cells developed
     in-house by utilizing the Group’s protein engineering platform. This IND ready subcutaneous injection will
     potentially be developed to treat various autoimmune diseases. SIM0278 exhibits improved PK profile and
     selective activation of Treg cells with no activation of effector T cells or NK cells to restore immune balance
     which has been demonstrated in multiple preclinical disease models.

     •    On September 28, 2022, the Group has entered into a licensing agreement with Almirall, an
          international biopharmaceutical company. Under the agreement, the Group granted Almirall an
          exclusive right to develop and commercialize SIM0278 outside the Greater China region, the Group
          received a US$15 million upfront payment and may receive up to US$492 million in development
          and commercial milestone payments contingent on successful milestone achievements in several
          indications, with an important part as sales milestones, as well as up to low double-digit tiered
          royalties based upon future overseas sales. The Group will retain all rights to the product in the
          Greater China region.




     1
          The Group retains the production and commercialization right of SIM0335 in psoriasis indication in Mainland China, Hong
          Kong and Macau.


28   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Daridorexant

Daridorexant is a insomnia drug that the Group cooperates with Idorsia. Daridorexant is a dual orexin
receptor antagonist, which blocks the binding of the wake-promoting neuropeptides orexins (orexin A
and orexin B). Rather than inducing sleep through broad inhibition of brain activity, Daridorexant blocks
only the activation of orexin receptors. Consequently, Daridorexant decreases the wake drive, allowing
sleep to occur, without altering the proportion of sleep stages. Phase III data has been reported in The
Lancet Neurology: the pivotal studies demonstrated that Daridorexant significantly improved sleep onset,
sleep maintenance and selfreported total sleep time at months one and three compared to placebo. In
all treatment groups the proportions of sleep stages were preserved, in contrast to findings reported
with benzodiazepine receptor agonists. Daridorexant is able to improve both nighttime sleep and daytime
function in adults with chronic insomnia disorder.

•    In January 2022, Daridorexant was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and
     subsequently made commercially available in May 2022. In April 2022, marketing authorization of
     Daridorexant was granted by the European Commission and subsequently by the Medicines and
     Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) in Great Britain via the European Commission
     Decision Reliance Procedure (ECDRP).

•    On November 15, 2022, the Group entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Idorsia, and be
     granted an exclusive right to develop and commercialize Daridorexant in the Greater China region.

•    On December 25, 2022, the Group has submitted the Pre-IND of the product in China.


SIM0323 (CD80/IL2)

SIM0323 is the first-in-class CD80/IL-2 bifunctional fusion protein developed by the Group and GI
Innovation, Inc. The preclinical pharmacodynamic model shows significant single-drug efficacy and the
potential for combined use with other anticancer drugs, such as PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapeutics.
In 2021, the partner was approved for clinical trials by the Korean Ministry of Food and Drug Safety and the
U.S. FDA to carry out phase I/II clinical trials of the drug.


SIM0419 (PSD-95)

SIM0419 is a dimer peptide candidate drug (AVLX-144) that the Group cooperates with Avilex, a Danish
biotechnology company, and is intended to be used for the treatment of a variety of neurological diseases
such as AIS and Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (SAH). The action target is PSD-95. PSD-95 can induce the
production of neuroexcitotoxic substances and damage neurons by forming a complex with N-methyl-D-
aspartate (NMDA) receptor and neuronal nitric oxide synthase (nNOS), one of the subtypes of glutamate
receptor. SIM0419, as a dimer inhibitor of PSD-95, can simultaneously bind to two PDZ domains in PSD-95
and block the interaction between PSD-95, NMDA and nNOS. Its molecular structure has been optimized
to have higher affinity, higher stability and stronger neuroprotective activity.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     GENERIC PHARMACEUTICALS

     For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group obtained approvals for 3 new generic pharmaceuticals,
     including edoxaban tosilate tablet (15mg, 30mg and 60 mg), ibrutinib capsules (140mg) and tenofovir
     alafenamide fumarate tablet (25mg). Meanwhile, it obtained 2 consistency evaluation applications,
     including Biapenem for injection (0.3g) and amoxicillin and clavulanate potassium for suspension
     (0.15625g).


     INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

     Meanwhile, the Group attaches great importance to the protection of intellectual property rights. For
     the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group had 245 new patent applications (including domestic and
     overseas unpublished patent applications): 238 invention patent applications, 1 utility model patent
     application and 6 appearance design patent applications. As of December 31, 2022, the Group has
     accumulatively obtained 221 invention patents, 82 utility model patents and 24 appearance design patents.


     IMPACT OF COVID-19

     Since the beginning of December 2022, the government issued certain new precautions against COVID-19,
     which cancelled regional lockdown, quarantine requirements and inter-regional travelling restrictions
     successively. Although the relaxation of COVID-19-related pandemic control measures led to the
     resumption of numerous offline business operation across China, the infection rate of Chinese population
     has been surging therewith.

     Under such circumstances, in order to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic and help more patients in
     need, the Group made swift decisions and invested in R&D, and closely cooperated and worked together
     with relevant research institutes and clinical centers situated throughout China, which contributed to
     the successful development of XIANNUOXIN® (Simnotrelvir Tablets/Ritonavir Tablets (co-packaged)), the
     first 3CL anti-COVID-19 oral small molecule innovative drug with proprietary intellectual property right in
     China. Such drug was launched to the market promptly after being approved to marketing and successively
     supplied to various medical organizations. The outbreak of pandemic at the end of the year has caused
     slight impacts to the promotion of the Group’s certain research projects and product admission in the
     short term. However, the situation has quickly returned to normal within one month and has not caused
     significant impacts to our business operation and financial condition. The Group’s adequacy of capital
     liquidity and working capital can also meet the Company’s operational needs and capital commitments.

     The Group will still pay close attention to the development of the COVID-19 (including the subsequent
     outbreak caused by the new variant of the COVID-19, if any), and devote resources to guarantee the
     supply of XIANNUOXIN® in regions, so as to strive for timely and effective treatment of COVID-19 patients,
     especially patients at high risk of disease progression. For other products under research, we will follow
     the applicable regulatory guidelines on clinical trials during the COVID-19, strive to reduce delays and
     interruptions, and take relevant measures to minimize the pandemic’s impact.




30   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

The Group recorded a profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of
approximately RMB933 million for 2022, representing a decrease of approximately RMB574 million or
approximately 38.1% from RMB1,507 million for 2021. Such decrease in profit for the year attributable to
equity shareholders of the Company was mainly attributable to the following investment portfolio and one-
off gain items: (1) the net realized and unrealized gains (before tax) on financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss for 2022 decreased by approximately RMB270 million as compared to that for 2021 due to the
fair value change of the investment portfolio held by the Group for 2022; and (2) the impact of one-off gain,
including (a) a gain (before tax) from the conversion into fair value measurement of certain investments in
associates of the Company of approximately RMB314 million recorded for 2021 due to the loss of significant
influence on such associates of the Company during 2021, and (b) a gain (before tax) from the disposal of
the Group’s entire equity interest in Simgene Group Limited of approximately RMB399 million recorded for
2021.


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

The Group maintained a sound financial position. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
generated from operating activities was approximately RMB1,355 million, while net cash outflow from
operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately RMB202 million. Such change
was mainly attributable to the increase in revenue and changes in the operating expenses in 2022. As at
December 31, 2022, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB1,658 million (as at
December 31, 2021: approximately RMB973 million) and time deposits of approximately RMB975 million (as
at December 31, 2021: approximately RMB1,620 million). As at December 31, 2022, the Group had a balance
of bank loans of approximately RMB1,292 million (as at December 31, 2021: approximately RMB1,530
million), all of which would mature within one year. As of December 31, 2022, approximately RMB1,193
million of the Group’s bank loan balance bore interest at fixed rates, and the effective interest rate range
for these loans was 1.0% to 2.73% per annum. For details of the maturity profile of bank loan and interest
rate structure, please refer to Notes 24 and 35(c) of the consolidated financial statements. As at December
31, 2022, the gearing ratio of the Group (total liabilities divided by total assets) was approximately 33.7% (as
at December 31, 2021: approximately 36.4%).

Currently, the Group follows a set of funding and treasury policies to manage its capital resources and
prevent risks involved. The Group expects to fund its working capital and other capital requirements from
a combination of various sources, including but not limited to external financing at reasonable market
rates. In order to better ensure cash security and reduce capital cost, the Group carries out centralized
management of financing activities and the use of capital.

The assets and liabilities of the Group were denominated in RMB, EUR, USD, GBP and HKD. During the
Reporting Period, the Group did not employ financial derivatives or enter into foreign derivative contracts
to hedge against foreign exchange risk. However, the Group manages the foreign exchange risks by
closely monitoring the net exposure of foreign exchange risk to minimize the impact of foreign exchange
fluctuations.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022   31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     PLEDGE OF GROUP’S ASSETS

     As at December 31, 2022, the Group pledged bills receivable of approximately RMB115 million for issuance
     of bank acceptance bills and pledged bank deposits of approximately RMB0.56 million for issuance of letter
     of guarantee.


     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     In June 2022, a subsidiary of the Group received a notice that it was being sued by a customer in respect
     of a supply arrangement of raw materials with an indemnity claim of approximately RMB200 million. This
     claim was on its early stage. Based on the legal advice and available evidences, the Directors do not believe
     it probable that the court will find against them. No provision has therefore been made in respect of this
     claim.

     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2022, the Group had no other contingent liabilities.


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

     As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a significant investment, with a value of 5% or more of the
     Company’s total assets, in 3D Medicines Inc. (“3D Medicines”).

     3D Medicines (Stock Code: 1244) is a bio-pharmaceutical company listed on the Main Board of the Stock
     Exchange with a focus on the research and development of oncology therapies for cancer patients,
     especially those who require long-term care. As of December 31, 2022, the total investment amount of the
     Company in 3D Medicines amounted to USD40.0 million and the Company held 23,047,468 shares of 3D
     Medicines, representing 9.02% of the total issued share capital of 3D Medicines. As of December 31, 2022,
     the fair value of the Company’s interests in 3D Medicines amounted to approximately RMB875 million,
     representing approximately 8.1% of the total assets of the Company as of December 31, 2022.

     For the year ended December 31, 2022, the unrealised gain recognised on the Company’s investment in 3D
     Medicines amounted to approximately RMB394 million. The Company has not received any dividend from
     such investment. According to the annual results announcement for the year ended December 31, 2022
     published by 3D Medicines on March 30, 2023, for the year ended December 31, 2022, it recorded revenue of
     approximately RMB567.39 million and total comprehensive loss for the year of approximately RMB1,052.03
     million.

     The Board is of the opinion that the Company’s investment in 3D Medicines has enhanced the Group’s
     further exploration and development in oncology area, and created synergies with the Group’s existing
     oncology drug promotion business.

     Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any other significant
     investments.




32   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

Save as disclosed in “Use of Proceeds from the Listing” in this report, as at December 31, 2022, the Group
did not have any other future plans for material investments and capital assets.


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group had no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries,
associates and joint venture.


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at December 31, 2022, the Group had a total of 7,832 full-time employees. The Group attached great
importance to the recruitment, training and retention of outstanding employees, maintained a high
standard in selecting and recruiting talents worldwide, and offered competitive compensation packages.
The remuneration of employees mainly included basic salary, performance-based bonus and long- term
incentives. Remuneration of the full time Directors and senior management who worked full time for
the Company shall be determined by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board with
reference to the principal duties of relevant managerial positions, the results of performance assessment,
as well as the remuneration level in the market. For the year ended December 31, 2022, staff costs
(including emoluments, social insurance and other benefits of the Directors) amounted to approximately
RMB2,137 million. The Group established Simcere Institute, providing employees with training on a
regular basis, including orientation programs and technical training for new employees, professional and
management training for middle and senior management, and health and safety training across all staff.
In addition, the Group has also adopted a restricted share unit scheme on May 20, 2021, with an aim to (1)
incentivise the existing and incoming directors, senior management and employees for their contribution
to the Group; and (2) attract, motivate and retain skilled and experienced personnel to strive for the future
development and expansion of the Group by providing them with the opportunity to own equity interests in
the Company.


DEFINED CONTRIBUTION RETIREMENT PLAN

The Group only operates defined contribution pension plans. Employees of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries
are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement plan administered and operated by the local
municipal government. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries contribute funds which are calculated on certain
percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal government to the plan to
fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

No forfeited contribution (by the Group on behalf of its employees who leave the scheme prior to vesting
fully in such contributions) is available to be utilized by the Group to reduce the contributions payable in the
future years or to reduce the Group’s existing level of contributions to the defined contribution retirement
plan.

                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022   33
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The board (the “Board”) of directors (“Directors”, and each a “Director”) of the Company is pleased to
     submit this report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December
     31, 2022 (the “Reporting Period”).


     GENERAL INFORMATION

     The Company was incorporated in Hong Kong on November 30, 2015. The shares of the Company (the
     “Share(s)”) were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on October 27, 2020 (the “Listing Date”).


     PRINCIPAL BUSINESS

     The Company is an investment holding company. The Group primarily engages in the R&D, production and
     commercialization of pharmaceuticals. The Group has a diversified product portfolio in its strategically-
     focused therapeutic areas, including (i) oncology, (ii) nervous system, (iii) autoimmune and (iv) anti-
     infection, with leading positions in their respective therapeutic segments and/or established track record.

     Operating segment information of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 is presented in Note
     4(b) to the consolidated financial statements, and a list of principal subsidiaries of the Company, together
     with the details of their places of incorporation and business, principal activities and issued and paid-in
     capital, is set out in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. There are no changes in the principal
     business of the Group during the year.


     RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

     The operating results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the consolidated financial
     position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as of the same date are set out on pages
     105 to 108 and page 208 of the consolidated financial statements.

     On March 31, 2023, the Board declared the payment of final dividend of RMB0.16 per Share for the year
     ended December 31, 2022 to shareholders whose names are on the register of members of the Company
     on Monday, June 26, 2023. Based on the total number of Shares in issue as of December 31, 2022, the total
     final dividend to be paid by the Company amounts to approximately RMB425,660,000. The proposed final
     dividend will be subject to the approval at the annual general meeting of the Company (the “AGM”) to be
     held on Thursday, June 15, 2023 and is expected to be distributed to shareholders on or before Wednesday,
     July 12, 2023.


     DIVIDEND POLICY

     For the details of the dividend policy of the Company, please refer to the “Corporate Governance Report –
     Dividend Policy” on page 80 of this annual report.




34   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT


BUSINESS REVIEW

A fair review of the business of the Group including an indication of likely future developments of the
Group’s business and an analysis of the Group’s performance using financial key performance indicators
during the year ended December 31, 2022 are provided in the sections headed "Financial Highlights",
“Company Overview”, “Chairman’s statement” and “Management discussion and analysis” on pages 4, 5, 6
and 8 of this annual report, which form part of this report.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY

According to the audited consolidated financial statements, a summary of results, assets and liabilities of
the Group for the past five fiscal years is presented on page 210 of this annual report. This summary does
not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.


SUBSIDIARIES

Simnogen Biotech Ltd. (“Simnogen Biotech”), a limited liability company established and operated in the
PRC, is held as to 51% by the Group, the financial statements of which, however, are not consolidated into
that of the Group as the Group does not control its board of directors. Therefore, Simnogen Biotech is a
subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

Save as disclosed herein, particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 15 to the
consolidated financial statements.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of changes in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in Note 12
to the consolidated financial statements.


SHARE CAPITAL

The Company had 2,660,376,618 ordinary shares in issue as of December 31, 2022. Details of the
movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 are set out in Note
31 to the consolidated financial statements.


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING

The net proceeds from the initial public offering of the shares of the Company in October 2020 and
allotment and issuance of shares of the Company pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment
option in November 2020 (the “Net Proceeds”), amounted to approximately HK$3,513 million in aggregate.
The proposed use of the net proceeds was disclosed in the prospectus of the Company dated October 13,
2020 (the “Prospectus”).




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   35
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The following table sets out the utilization of the Net Proceeds as of the December 31, 2022 and the
     expected timeline for utilization:

                                                                                      Amount of
                                                                                  Net Proceeds         Amount of        Amount of
                                                                                 utilized during   Net Proceeds     Net Proceeds
                                                                  Amount of      the year ended     utilized as of unutilized as of
                                                               Net Proceeds       December 31, December 31, December 31,
                                              Percentage of         received               2022              2022             2022
      Purpose                               the total amount (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million) (HK$ in million) (HK$ in million)    Expected timeline for utilization
      Continued research and                           60%           2,107.85           701.51           1,196.91            910.94   The actual Net Proceeds are expected
        development of the Group’s                                                                                                      to be fully utilized by 2027.
        selected product candidates
        in its strategically focused
        therapeutic areas
      Reinforcement of the Group’s                     10%             351.31             67.30           351.31                 —    The actual Net Proceeds have been fully
        sales and marketing capabilities                                                                                                utilized in 2022.
      Investment in companies in                       10%             351.31           236.64            351.31                 —    The actual Net Proceeds have been fully
        the pharmaceutical or                                                                                                           utilized in 2022.
        biotechnology sector
      Repayment of certain of the Group’s              10%             351.31                —            351.31                 —    The actual Net Proceeds have been fully
        outstanding bank loans                                                                                                          utilized in 2020.
      Working capital and other general                10%             351.31                —            351.31                 —    The actual Net Proceeds have been fully
        corporate purposes                                                                                                              utilized in 2021.

      Total                                           100%           3,513.09          1,005.45          2,602.15           910.94


     For more details, please refer to the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds — Use of
     Proceeds” of the Prospectus. On April 15, 2021, the Board resolved to reallocate the net proceeds
     amounted to approximately HK$325.62 million for the selected cell therapy product candidates, including
     CD19 CAR T-cell therapy (Indication 1), CD19 CAR T-cell therapy (Indication 2), BCMA CAR T-cell therapy
     and SIM0325, to the selected oncology product candidates that are currently under development, including
     COSELA ® (SCLC, metastatic CRC and TNBC), SIM0395 and Docetaxel Polymeric Micellar for Injection.
     On August 31, 2022, the Board resolved to reallocate part of the unutilized Net Proceeds amounted to
     approximately HK$530 million which originally proposed to be used in selected innovative oncology product
     candidate at pre-clinical stages (including SIM-200, SIM-203-1, SIM-203-2, SIM-203-3 and SIM-236) to
     continuous R&D of Sanbexin sublingual tablets, Sanbexin ® (Edaravone and Dexborneol Concentrated
     Solution for Injection), XIANNUOXIN ® and SIM0278. For details, please refer to the announcements of
     the Company dated April 15, 2021 and August 31, 2022 in relation to the change in use of proceeds (the
     “Announcements”). As of December 31, 2022, the Net Proceeds utilized was approximately HK$2,602.15
     million and the Net Proceeds unutilized was approximately HK$910.94 million. The Company intends to
     apply the unutilized Net Proceeds as of December 31, 2022 in the manner and proportion set out in the
     Prospectus and the Announcements.




36   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
listed securities for the year ended December 31, 2022.


DEBENTURE ISSUED

The Group did not issue any debenture during the year ended December 31, 2022.


RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and Note 31 to the consolidated financial statements,
respectively.


RESERVES AVAILABLE FOR DISTRIBUTION

Details of the reserves available for distribution to the shareholders by the Company as of December 31,
2022 are set out in Note 31 to the consolidated financial statements.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The Company’s customers primarily consist of (i) distributors and pharmacy chains which directly
purchase pharmaceutical products from the Company; and (ii) other pharmaceutical manufacturers to
which the Company provides promotion services. The Company’s suppliers primarily include (i) suppliers
for the raw materials of the Group’s pharmaceutical products; and (ii) manufacturers of third-party
pharmaceutical products.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue from the five largest customers of the Group accounted for
14.8% of its total revenues and the largest customer of the Group accounted for 5.2% of its total revenues.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, purchase amount from the five largest suppliers of the Group
accounted for 40.6% of its total purchase costs and the largest supplier of the Group accounted for 13.2%
of its total purchase costs.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, none of the Directors, their respective close associates or any
shareholder of the Company (who, to the knowledge of the Directors, owned more than 5% of the issued
shares of the Company), had any interest in any of the Group’s top five customers and suppliers.


KEY RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS

Human resources are one of the most important assets of the Group. The Group strives to motivate its
employees by providing them with a clear career path as well as comprehensive and professional training
courses. In addition, the Group also offers competitive remuneration packages to its employees, including
basic salary, certain benefits and other performance-based incentives.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   37
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The Group purchases imported pharmaceutical products from overseas suppliers directly and generate
     revenue by on-selling them to hospitals and pharmacies through distributors. The Group’s suppliers have
     granted us the rights to market, promote and manage sales channels for their products in China. The
     Group maintains a stable and long-term relationship with its suppliers by providing them access to the
     growing Chinese market with steady sales growth.

     The Group sells pharmaceutical products to distributors, who resell the products to hospitals and
     pharmacies either directly or indirectly through their sub-distributors. The Group maintains stable and
     long-term relationship with its distributors by providing them guidance and training.


     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     The Group recognizes the importance of proper adoption of environmental policies which is essential
     to the attainability of corporate growth. The Strategy Committee of the Company is responsible for (i)
     making suggestions for the development of the Company’s environmental, social and governance (“ESG”)
     objectives and monitoring the progress of their implementation, and (ii) reviewing the development trends
     of the ESG industry as well as evaluating and making suggestions for major ESG-related decisions,
     ensuring the Company complies with relevant legal and regulatory requirements, and promoting
     implementation of relevant policies by various departments of the Company.

     The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations related to environmental protection in the place of
     operation, regularly monitors air pollutants, water pollution, harmful and harmless wastes and noise, and
     disposes them in accordance with the law. In order to improve the performance of energy conservation
     and emission reduction and the level of environmental management, the Group continues to improve the
     environmental management system and included indicators of energy conservation and environmental
     protection into the annual assessment through the formulation of performance assessment measures for
     energy conservation and environmental protection management, so as to promote a long-term working
     mechanism for energy conservation and environmental protection. The Group also carries out online
     publicity activities of environmental protection to fully integrate the concept of energy conservation and
     emission reduction into daily office.

     The detailed information regarding the Group’s performance on environmental and social-related policies
     and the compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group will be
     disclosed in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” separately published by the Company.


     COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the
     relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group.
     During the Reporting Period, there was no material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and
     regulations by the Group.




38   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

Save as disclosed in Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, summarized
below are principal risks and uncertainties identified and faced by the Group which may have a material
and adverse impact on the Group’s business performance, financial condition, results of operations or
prospects. There may be other principal risks and uncertainties in addition to those set out below which are
not known to the Group or which may not be material now but could turn out to be material in the future.

Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Industry

•    The Group operates in a highly competitive industry, and it may not be able to compete effectively
     against its current and future competitors.

•    Science and technology, clinical demand and market condition in the pharmaceutical industry may
     change continuously and rapidly, and the Group may not be able to sufficiently and promptly respond
     to such changes.

Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Group’s Products and Product Candidates

•    The Group may not be able to maintain the sales volumes, pricing levels and profit margins of its
     major products due to various factors.

•    The Group’s products may be excluded or removed from national, provincial or other government-
     sponsored medical insurance programs, or be included in national or provincial negative catalogs,
     any of which could result in decrease of demand for the Group’s relevant products.

•    The Group may fail in tender processes to sell its products to PRC public hospitals and other medical
     institutions and therefore lose market share.

•    The Group or its products may not be able to achieve or maintain widespread acceptance and positive
     reputation among government authorities, business partners, healthcare practitioners and patients.

•    The prices of certain of the Group’s products are subject to pricing regulation, competition and other
     factors and therefore may decrease.

•    The Group’s products may not be produced to the necessary and consistent quality standards. The
     Group’s products may cause or be deemed to cause serious adverse events due to the individual
     differences of patients as well as the complexity and variety of diseases, thus resulting in the Group
     being negatively affected.

•    The Group may be subject to claims relating to product liability and adverse events in connection with
     products sold and/or promoted by it as well as product candidates used by it in clinical trials. The
     Group may fail to successfully defend itself against such claims.

•    Development of product candidates, in particular innovative drug candidates, is time-consuming
     and costly, and the outcome is uncertain. The Group may fail to achieve research and development
     milestones as planned and/or disclosed, address regulatory concerns (particularly on safety and
     efficacy) effectively, obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner, conduct commercialization
     successfully, or achieve market acceptance as anticipated, for its product candidates.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   39
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     •    The Group relies on third parties to monitor, support and/or conduct pre-clinical studies and clinical
          trials of its product candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual
          obligations or meet expected deadlines, the Group may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals for
          or commercialize its product candidates in a timely manner or at all.

     •    Even if the Group obtains regulatory approvals for product candidates, it will be subject to continued
          regulatory review. Any failure to comply with regulatory requirements or occurrence of unanticipated
          problems with the product candidates may subject it to penalties.

     •    Certain products and product candidates of the Groups rely on research and development partners,
          which may result in the risks associated with such products’ inability to conduct normal clinical trials,
          obtain regulatory approvals or commercialization due to the unsuccessful completion of contractual
          obligations or research and development targets by the partners.

     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Third-party Products

     •    The Group has limited or no control over the quality and production process of the products
          manufactured by third-party pharmaceutical companies and sold and/or promoted by it. Such third-
          party pharmaceutical companies may fail to produce or deliver the relevant products as planned
          and the relevant products may be found defective or otherwise not produced to the necessary and
          consistent quality standards.

     •    The progress of third-party research and development and the impact of market policies may cause
          risks associated with development and commercialization to the Group’s products.

     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Group’s Operations

     •    The Group may face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaboration partners, invest
          time and effort in negotiating collaboration details, obtain additional expertise and capital, incur
          non-recurring and other charges, or increase near and long-term expenditures, in connection with
          its existing and future collaboration arrangements for the development and commercialization
          of its product candidates. In addition, the Group may not be able to realize benefits from such
          arrangements.

     •    The Group depends on the supply of certain raw materials and pharmaceutical products, and it may
          encounter decrease, shortage or delay in the supply of, or increase in the price of, such raw materials
          and pharmaceutical products, resulting in the Group’s products being subject to the risks associated
          with inability to conduct normal production or increased cost.

     •    If the Group’s production facilities encounter substantial disruption or other problems in
          manufacturing its products, its production capacity could be materially and adversely affected, and it
          may not be able to fulfill contractual obligations or meet market demand for its products in a timely
          manner or at all. If the Group fails to increase production capacity, it may not be able to capture the
          potential growth in market demand for its products, or to commercialize its product candidates.

     •    The Group may fail to maintain optimal inventory levels, which could increase its operating costs or
          lead to unfulfilled customer orders.

     •    The Group may fail to sell and/or promote its products and third-party products effectively due to
          various factors, including, among other things, inadequate promotion, sales and marketing activities,
          failure to attract, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified promotion, sales and marketing
          personnel, and failure to maintain, expand and optimize an effective distribution network.

40   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT


•    The Group’s employees, distributors or third-party promoters may engage in misconduct or other
     improper activities, as a result of which, the Group may be exposed to regulatory investigations,
     penalties or other negative consequences.

•    The Group may not be able to successfully complete any acquisition or enhance post-acquisition
     performance in the future.

•    Failure to adequately protect the Group’s intellectual property, or if the scope of its intellectual
     property fails to sufficiently protect its proprietary rights, other pharmaceutical companies could
     compete against it more directly. Occurrence of counterfeits of the Group’s products may also expose
     the Group to reduced sales volume of its relevant products, negative publicity, reputational damages
     and even litigations.

•    The Group may become a party to litigations, legal disputes, claims or administrative proceedings,
     which could divert its management’s attention and result in costs, liabilities and damages to its
     reputation.

•    The Group could be subject to risks caused by misuse, leakage or loss of information maintained in
     its or its collaborators’ information technology systems, including personal and medical information
     that the Group or its collaborators collected in clinical trials. Any misuse, leakage or loss of such
     information could result in liability and damage to the Group and distract the attention of its
     management.

•    The Group’s insurance coverage is limited and may be insufficient. If the Group experiences
     uninsured losses, it could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.

•    If the Group’s internal risk management and control system is not adequate or effective, and if it fails
     to detect potential risks in its business as intended, the Group’s business, financial condition and
     results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

•    The Group may lose the services of one or more of its senior management team, key research and
     development personnel and other key personnel, and the Group may not be able to locate suitable or
     qualified replacements in a timely manner or at all.


Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Group’s Financial Condition

•    If the Group experiences delays in collecting payments from distributors, its cash flows and
     operations could be adversely affected.

•    If the Group does not have access to sufficient funding for the implementation of its strategies and
     other aspects of its business, its business prospects and future growth could be adversely affected.

•    Any change or discontinuation in preferential tax treatment or financial subsidies that currently are or
     may be available to the Group in the future could materially and adversely affect its business, financial
     condition and results of operations.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022   41
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     •    The fair value measurement of certain of the Group’s assets is subject to significant risks and
          uncertainties and the fair value change of such assets may materially and adversely affect its results
          of operations.

     •    Any significant decrease in the Group’s future profitability could materially and adversely affect its
          ability to recover its deferred tax assets.


     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Regulatory Compliance

     •    The Group is subject to changing legal and regulatory requirements in the PRC. Promulgation of new
          laws, rules and regulations, or changes in the interpretation or implementation of existing laws, rules
          and regulations, may materially and adversely affect its business and profitability.

     •    The Group’s overseas investments may be subject to laws, rules, regulations and policies, as well as
          changes thereof, in the PRC and the corresponding jurisdictions.

     •    The Group may be restricted from transferring its scientific data abroad and exchanging of data and
          materials during the collaborative development and research.

     •    The Group or its business partners may fail to successfully obtain, maintain or renew the necessary
          permits, licenses or certificates for the development, production, promotion, sales or distribution of
          its products.

     •    If the Group fails to comply with laws and regulations regarding environmental, social and governance
          matters, it could be subject to fines or penalties which may adversely affect its business.


     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Doing Business in the PRC

     •    Economic, political and social conditions and government policies in the PRC, as well as the global
          economy, may continue to affect the Group’s business.

     •    Market regulatory actions and civil claims derived therefrom against the Group may expose it to
          penalties, business constraints and reputational damages.

     •    The PRC government’s control of foreign currency conversion and restrictions on the remittance
          of RMB out of the PRC may limit the Group’s foreign exchange transactions and its ability to pay
          dividends and meet other obligations.

     •    The Group relies on dividends paid by its subsidiaries for its cash needs, and limitations under the
          PRC laws on the ability of its PRC subsidiaries to distribute dividends to the Group could materially
          and adversely affect its ability to utilize such funds.

     •    Investors may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process and seeking recognition and
          enforcement of foreign judgments in the PRC.




42   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to COVID-19 Epidemic

•    Any prolonged spread or emergence of COVID-19 epidemic in the PRC or elsewhere in the world could
     materially and adversely affect the Group’s business performance, financial condition and results of
     operations.

The Company believes that risk management is essential to the Group’s effective and efficient operations,
reliable financial reporting and regulatory compliance. Senior management team of the Company assists
the Board in evaluating material risk exposure of the Group, participates in formulation of appropriate risk
management and internal control measures, and ensures such measures are properly implemented in the
Group’s daily operations. However, investors are still advised to make their own judgment or consult their
own investment advisers before making any investment in the Shares.


BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as of December 31, 2022 are set out in the
section headed “Management discussion and analysis – Liquidity and Financial Resources” in this annual
report and Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.


DONATIONS

During the Reporting Period, the Group made charitable and other donations in an aggregate amount of
approximately RMB45 million.


IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

As of the date of this report, no important events occurred after the Reporting Period which had a material
impact on the Group.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

2021 RSU Scheme

On May 20, 2021 (the “Adoption Date”), the Board adopted the 2021 restricted share unit scheme of the
Company (the “2021 RSU Scheme” or the “Scheme”). The purposes of the 2021 RSU Scheme are to (i)
incentivize the existing and incoming directors, senior management and employees for their contribution
to the Group; and (ii) attract, motivate and retain skilled and experienced personnel to strive for the future
development and expansion of the Group by providing them with the opportunity to own equity interests in
the Company.


Effectiveness and Duration

The 2021 RSU Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing from the Adoption
Date, provided that (i) no RSUs shall be granted after the earlier of (a) the expiry of the term of the 2021
RSU Scheme; or (b) after the termination of the 2021 RSU Scheme pursuant to the relevant terms of the
2021 RSU Scheme Rules; and (ii) RSUs that have lapsed in accordance with the relevant terms of the 2021
RSU Scheme Rules or for any other reason can be re-granted by the Board.



                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022   43
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Administration

     The Board has the sole and absolute power to administer the 2021 RSU Scheme, including the power to
     (i) interpret and construe the provisions of the 2021 RSU Scheme, (ii) determine the eligible persons (the
     “Eligible Persons”) who will be granted the RSUs under the 2021 RSU Scheme, the terms and conditions
     on which the RSUs are granted, and under what conditions will the RSUs granted pursuant to the 2021
     RSU Scheme vest, (iii) make such appropriate and equitable adjustments to the terms of the RSUs granted
     under the 2021 RSU Scheme as it deems necessary and (iv) make such other decisions or determinations
     as it shall deem appropriate in the administration of the 2021 RSU Scheme. The Board may delegate the
     authority to administer the 2021 RSU Scheme to a committee of the Board.

     The Board’s determinations under the 2021 RSU Scheme need not be uniform and may be made to any
     Eligible Persons selected by the Board to be granted RSUs under the 2021 RSU Scheme at its discretion
     (the “Selected Persons”) who are granted, or are eligible to be granted, RSUs under it. If a Director is an
     Eligible Person selected by the Board to be granted RSUs under the 2021 RSU Scheme who then accepts
     the offer of the grant of the RSUs in accordance of the 2021 RSU Scheme (the “Participant”), he may,
     notwithstanding his/her own interest and subject to the Articles, vote on any Board resolution concerning
     the 2021 RSU Scheme (other than in respect of his/her own participation in it), and may retain RSUs under
     it. Each Participant waives any right to contest, amongst other things, the value and number of RSUs or
     Shares or equivalent value of cash underlying the RSUs or Shares and the Board’s administration of the
     2021 RSU Scheme.


     Who may join

     Eligible Persons who can receive RSUs under the 2021 RSU Scheme are existing or incoming employees,
     directors (whether executive or non-executive) and/or officers of the Company or any member of the Group.
     The Board may, at its discretion, select any Eligible Person for participation in the 2021 RSU Scheme as
     a Selected Person. Unless so selected, no Eligible Person shall be entitled to participate in the 2021 RSU
     Scheme. The basis of eligibility of any Selected Person for the grant of RSUs shall be determined by the
     Board from time to time on the basis of their contribution to the development and growth of the Group or
     such other factors as the Board may deem appropriate.


     Maximum number of Shares

     The maximum number of RSUs that may be granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme in aggregate (excluding
     RSUs that have lapsed or been cancelled in accordance with the 2021 RSU Scheme Rules) shall be
     137,296,927 Shares, representing approximately 5.26% of the total issued shares of the Company as of the
     Adoption Date.

     Further details of the 2021 RSU Scheme are set out in the announcement of the Company dated May 20,
     2021 and Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.




44   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Details of the RSUs granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme

The number of RSUs available for grant under the 2021 RSU Scheme was 106,355,927 and 87,884,344 as of
January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, respectively. During the Reporting Period, the number of Shares
underlying the RSUs that granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme divided by the weighted average number of
total Shares in issue during the Reporting Period is 0.94%. Details of the outstanding RSUs granted under
the 2021 RSU Scheme and the movements during the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                                                          Closing      Weighted          Fair value
                                            Number            Number                      price of      average          of awards                                        Number                             Approximate
                                           of Shares         of Shares                 the Shares        closing        at the date                                      of Shares                             percentage
                                          underlying        underlying     Number     immediately    price of the           of grant                                    underlying                                of total
                                           the RSUs          the RSUs      of RSUs     before the         Shares            and the                                      the RSUs                               number of
                                         outstanding       outstanding     granted        date on    immediately        accounting          Vested        Lapsed       outstanding     Vesting dates            Shares in
                                                 as of           as of   during the     which the     before the          standard       during the   during the             as of     (subject to             issue as of
 Name or category                         the date of       January 1,   Reporting awards were           vesting         and policy      Reporting     Reporting December 31,          vesting               December 31,
 of grantee             Date of grant      grant(Note 1)         2022       Period        granted       date(Note 2)   adopted(Note 3)      Period    Period(Note 4)         2022      conditions(Note 5))           2022

 Directors
 Mr. TANG Renhong       November 1,        3,000,000         3,000,000           —       HK$8.12        HK$8.06            HK$7.92        1,000,000              —       2,000,000     Note 6                    0.0752%
                          2021
                        November 9,        1,650,000                —     1,650,000     HK$11.34                 —        HK$11.62               —               —       1,650,000     Note 7                    0.0620%
                          2022
 Mr. WAN Yushan         November 1,        2,025,000         2,025,000           —       HK$8.12        HK$8.06            HK$7.92         675,000               —       1,350,000     Note 6                    0.0507%
                          2021
                        November 9,          850,000                —      850,000      HK$11.34                 —        HK$11.62               —               —         850,000     Note 7                    0.0320%
                          2022
 Ms. WANG Xi            November 1,          492,000           492,000           —       HK$8.12        HK$8.06            HK$7.92         164,000               —         328,000     Note 6                    0.0123%
                          2021
 Senior management and other connected persons
 Mr. SHI Ruiwen         November 1,          411,000           411,000           —       HK$8.12        HK$8.06            HK$7.92         137,000               —         274,000     Note 6                    0.0103%
                          2021
 Mr. CHENG Xianghua     November 1,          615,000           615,000           —       HK$8.12        HK$8.06            HK$7.92         205,000               —         410,000     Note 6                    0.0154%
                          2021
                        November 9,          350,000                —      350,000      HK$11.34                 —        HK$11.62               —               —         350,000     Note 7                    0.0132%
                          2022
 Mr. LU Jianxue         November 1,          615,000           615,000           —       HK$8.12        HK$8.06            HK$7.92         205,000               —         410,000     Note 6                    0.0154%
                          2021
 Mr. WANG Feng          November 1,          492,000           492,000           —       HK$8.12        HK$8.06            HK$7.92         164,000               —         328,000     Note 6                    0.0123%
                          2021
                        November 9,          150,000                —      150,000      HK$11.34                 —        HK$11.62               —               —         150,000     Note 7                    0.0056%
                          2022
 Ms. MA Yan             November 1,          306,000           306,000           —       HK$8.12        HK$8.06            HK$7.92               —        306,000               —      —                                —
                          2021




                                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022                      45
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


                                                                                                 Closing      Weighted          Fair value
                                                   Number            Number                      price of      average          of awards                                        Number                           Approximate
                                                  of Shares         of Shares                 the Shares        closing        at the date                                      of Shares                           percentage
                                                underlying         underlying     Number     immediately    price of the           of grant                                    underlying                                of total
                                                  the RSUs          the RSUs      of RSUs     before the         Shares            and the                                      the RSUs                             number of
                                               outstanding        outstanding     granted        date on    immediately        accounting          Vested        Lapsed       outstanding   Vesting dates             Shares in
                                                        as of           as of   during the     which the     before the          standard       during the   during the             as of   (subject to              issue as of
      Name or category                           the date of       January 1,   Reporting awards were           vesting         and policy      Reporting     Reporting December 31,        vesting               December 31,
      of grantee              Date of grant       grant(Note 1)         2022       Period        granted       date(Note 2)   adopted(Note 3)      Period    Period(Note 4)         2022    conditions(Note 5))             2022

      Ms. CHEN Yanqiong       November 1,           165,000           165,000           —       HK$8.12        HK$8.06            HK$7.92          55,000               —         110,000   Note 6                      0.0041%
                                 2021
                              November 9,           100,000                —       100,000     HK$11.34                 —        HK$11.62               —               —         100,000   Note 7                      0.0038%
                                 2022
      Mr. YU Qingzhu          November 1,           129,000           129,000           —       HK$8.12        HK$8.06            HK$7.92          43,000               —          86,000   Note 6                      0.0032%
                                 2021
                              November 9,           100,000                —       100,000     HK$11.34                 —        HK$11.62               —               —         100,000   Note 7                      0.0038%
                                 2022
      Ms. CHEN Qianjie        November 1,             63,000           63,000           —       HK$8.12        HK$8.06            HK$7.92          21,000               —          42,000   Note 6                      0.0016%
                                 2021
      Ms. CONG Yuehua         November 1,             96,000           96,000           —       HK$8.12        HK$8.06            HK$7.92          32,000               —          64,000   Note 6                      0.0024%
                                 2021
                              November 9,           150,000                —       150,000     HK$11.34                 —        HK$11.62               —               —         150,000   Note 7                      0.0056%
                                 2022
      Mr. PENG Shaoping       November 1,           225,000           225,000           —       HK$8.12        HK$8.06            HK$7.92          75,000               —         150,000   Note 6                      0.0056%
                                 2021
                              November 9,           100,000                —       100,000     HK$11.34                 —        HK$11.62               —               —         100,000   Note 7                      0.0038%
                                 2022
      Mr. ZHANG Rong          November 1,             78,000           78,000           —       HK$8.12        HK$8.06            HK$7.92          26,000               —          52,000   Note 6                      0.0020%
                                 2021
      Mr. HOU Zhiwei          December 23,          123,000           123,000           —       HK$9.12       HK$10.24              K$9.35         41,000               —          82,000   Note 9                      0.0031%
                                 2021
                              November 9,           100,000                —       100,000     HK$11.34                 —        HK$11.62               —               —         100,000   Note 7                      0.0038%
                                 2022
      Other grantees than Directors, senior management and connected persons
      Other employees         July 16, 2021      10,937,000        10,422,000           —      HK$12.22          Note 2          HK$12.50        3,231,000     1,347,000        5,844,000   Note 8                      0.2197%
      Other employees         December 23,       11,718,000        11,684,000           —       HK$9.12          Note 2           HK$9.35        3,406,583     1,195,417        7,082,000   Note 9                      0.2662%
                                 2021
      Other employees(Note 14) May 11, 2022       6,810,000                —     6,810,000      HK$7.85          Note 2           HK$8.27               —        633,000        6,177,000   Note 10                     0.2322%
      Other employees         September 28,      14,489,000                —    14,489,000      HK$7.01          Note 2           HK$6.72               —        206,000       14,283,000   Note 11                     0.5369%
                                 2022
      Other employees         November 9,           119,000                —       119,000     HK$11.34          Note 2          HK$11.62               —           7,000         112,000   Note 12                     0.0042%
                                 2022

      Total                                     56,458,000         30,941,000   24,968,000            —                —                  —     9,480,583     3,694,417        42,734,000   —                     1.6063%(Note 13)




46   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Notes:

1.    The RSUs were granted to the grantees at nil consideration and were or will be transferred to the grantees upon vesting
      at nil consideration.

2.    As the RSUs held by each of Directors, senior management and other connected persons were vested only once during
      the Reporting Period according to their respective vesting schedules, the weighted average closing price of the Shares
      immediately before the vesting date for each of Directors, senior management and other connected persons are equal
      to the closing price of the Shares immediately before the vesting date. The weighted average closing price of the Shares
      immediately before the vesting date for other employees as a category of grantees is HK$9.85.

3.    For details of the accounting standard and policy adopted in relation to and the basis of the measurement of fair value of
      RSUs, please see Note 30 to the financial statements in this report.

4.    During the Reporting Period, no RSU was cancelled.

5.    The vesting of the RSUs shall be subject to the satisfaction of the following performance targets as vesting conditions:

      (i)    the aggregate amount of profit for the year and research and development costs for the year has an increment to
             a certain extent; and

      (ii)   the results of individual performance assessments carried out by the Group’s human resources committee comply
             with each department’s function and target.

6.    One third of the RSUs granted shall vest on August 27, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively.

7.    In relation to 3,515,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on November 9, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively,
      and the remaining 35,000 RSUs granted shall vest on November 9, 2023.

8.    One third of the RSUs granted shall vest on July 16, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively.

9.    One third of the RSUs granted shall vest on December 23, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively.

10.   In relation to 1,500,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on January 17, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.
      In relation to 5,310,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on May 11, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

11.   In relation to 13,881,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on September 28, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
      respectively. In relation to 528,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on May 11, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
      respectively. In relation to 80,000 RSUs granted, one half of the RSUs shall vest on May 11, 2023 and 2024, respectively.

12.   The RSUs granted shall vest on November 9, 2023.

13.   The aggregate percentage of number of Shares underlying the RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2022 divided by
      total number of Shares in issue as of December 31, 2022 may not add up to the total percentage of 1.6063% due to
      rounding.

14.   Among 6,810,000 RSUs granted to the other employees of the Group on May 11, 2022, 1,044,000 RSUs were granted to
      Mr. Zhu Tong, who was an employee of the Group and was not a connected person at the time of the grant. Mr. Zhu Tong
      was appointed as a director of a subsidiary of the Company on December 30, 2022.

Chapter 17 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(the “Listing Rules”) has been amended to govern both share option schemes and share award schemes
involving the grant of new shares or options over new shares of the listed issuer with effect from January
1, 2023. In light of the above, the Board has resolved, on March 31, 2023, to propose certain amendments
to be made to the 2021 RSU Scheme for approval by the Shareholders at the AGM, so as to (i) bring the
2021 RSU Scheme in line with the Listing Rules and (ii) make certain housekeeping amendments to the
2021 RSU Scheme for the purpose of clarifying existing practice and making consequential amendments.
Pursuant to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, alterations to the terms and conditions of the 2021 RSU
Scheme, which are of a material nature, must be approved by the Shareholders by way of ordinary
resolutions in a general meeting of the Company. Therefore, the proposed amendments will be subject
to, among others, Shareholders’ approval by way of ordinary resolutions at the AGM. For details of the
proposed amendments to the 2021 RSU Scheme, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
March 31, 2023.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022      47
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Saved for the 2021 RSU Scheme adopted by the Company and the pre-IPO share incentive scheme adopted
     by Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited, a controlling shareholder of the Company, as set out in
     Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the
     Company or subsisted during the year ended December 31, 2022.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

     Pursuant to Article 166 of the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of Association”), subject
     to the provisions of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “Companies
     Ordinance”), every Director, company secretary or other senior management member of the Company
     shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all costs, charges, expenses,
     losses and liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of his office or otherwise in
     relation thereto. Such permitted indemnity provision is currently in force and was in force throughout the
     year ended December 31, 2022.

     The Company has purchased Directors, company secretary and senior management’s liabilities insurance
     on behalf of its Directors, joint company secretaries and senior management.

     DIRECTORS

     The directors of the Company and its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this
     report were as follows:

      Directors of the Company:                                               Directors of subsidiaries:
      Executive Directors:                                                    CHEN Yanqiong(4)         REN Jinsheng
      Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)                 CHEN Yunfei(4)           SHI Ruiwen
      Mr. TANG Renhong                                                        CHENG Xianghua           SONG Wenjie(5)
      Mr. WAN Yushan                                                          CHU Xuexi                TANG Renhong
      Ms. WANG Xi(1)                                                          CONG Yuehua              WAN Yushan
                                                                              GONG Jinjie(5)           WANG Feng
      Non-executive Director:                                                 HU Jianzhong(5)          WANG Honglin(4)
      Mr. ZHAO John Huan(2)                                                   HOU Zhiwei(5)            WANG Pin
                                                                              Kyu Don Kim              WANG Xi(5)
      Independent non-executive Directors:                                    LI Zhengtao              XU Jianjian
      Mr. SONG Ruilin                                                         LU Jianxue               XU Yuxi
      Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                        MA Yan                   ZHANG Rong
      Mr. WANG Xinhua                                                         PENG Shaoping            ZHU Tong(5)
      Mr. SUNG Ka Woon(3)                                                     QIAN Haibo
     Notes:

     (1)   Ms. WANG Xi has been appointed as an executive Director of the Company with effect from January 18, 2023.

     (2)   Mr. ZHAO John Huan resigned as a non-executive Director of the Company with effect from August 31, 2022.

     (3)   Mr. SUNG Ka Woon has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from
           January 18, 2023.

     (4)   No longer as the director of the Company’s subsidiaries during the year ended December 31, 2022 and up to the date of
           this report.

     (5)   Appointed as the director of the Company’s subsidiaries during the year ended December 31, 2022 and up to the date of
           this report.



48   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT


BIOGRAPHIES AND CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENTS

Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are set out on pages 86
to 96 of this annual report.

Except as noted in the biographies, none of the Directors have held any other directorships in any listed
public companies in the last three years.

Further, except as disclosed in the biographies, none of the Directors is connected with any Director,
senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.

On March 31, 2023, Mr. WAN Yushan, an executive Director, has been appointed as a member of the
Remuneration and Appraisal Committee; Ms. WANG Xi, an executive Director, has been appointed as a
member of the Nomination Committee; and Mr. SUNG Ka Woon, an independent non-executive Director,
has been appointed as a member of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, all with effect from March
31, 2023. For details, please refer to the Company's announcement dated March 31, 2023.

As recommended by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and approved by the Board on November
9, 2022, (i) the annual remuneration of Mr. REN Jinsheng had been adjusted from RMB1,440,000 to
RMB4,920,000; (ii) the annual remuneration of Mr. TANG Renhong had been adjusted from RMB1,980,000 to
RMB3,600,000; and (iii) the annual remuneration of Mr. WAN Yushan had been adjusted from RMB1,020,000
to RMB1,722,000, all with effect from November 9, 2022.

Save as disclosed in this annual report, there are no other matters relating to the re-election of Directors
at the forthcoming AGM that need to be brought to the attention of the Shareholders of the Company nor
is there any information to be disclosed pursuant to any of the requirements of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing
Rules.

Save as disclosed in this annual report, there are no other changes to the Directors’ information as
required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company, while each of the
non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has signed a letter of appointment with
the Company for an initial term of three years or until the third annual general meeting convened after the
Listing Date, whichever is earlier.

The above appointments are always subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under
the Articles of Association. None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a
service contract with members of the Group that is not determinable by the Group within one year without
payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   49
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation
     of his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all of the
     independent non-executive Directors are independent in accordance with the guidelines set out in the
     Listing Rules.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS

     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Continuing Connected Transactions”, the section headed
     “Connected Transaction” and “Material Related Party Transactions”of Note 34 to the consolidated financial
     statements in this annual report, no transaction, arrangement or contracts of significance (as defined in
     Appendix 16 of the Listing Rules) related to the business of the Company to which the Company, its holding
     companies or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director, an entity connected with a Director
     had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted as of December 31, 2022 or at any time
     during the year ended December 31, 2022.


     CONTRACT WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Continuing Connected Transactions”, the section headed
     “Connected Transaction” and “Material Related Party Transactions”of Note 34 to the consolidated
     financial statements in this annual report, during the year ended December 31, 2022, neither contract of
     significance was entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and a controlling shareholder
     or any of its subsidiaries, nor contract of significance was entered into for the provision of services to the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries by a controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

     Save as disclosed in the Prospectus, during the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their respective
     associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) had any interest in a business which competes or is likely
     to compete with the Group’s business under Rules 8.10(2)(b) and 8.10(2)(c) of the Listing Rules.


     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Equity-linked Agreements — 2021 RSU Scheme” and “Directors’
     and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures”, at no
     time during the Reporting Period or until the end of 2022, were rights to acquire benefits by means of the
     acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Directors or their respective spouses
     or minor children, or were any such rights exercised by them; nor was the Company, any of its subsidiaries
     or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any
     other corporations.




50   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT


DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

The controlling shareholders of the Company have respectively acknowledged to the Company that they
have honored the non-competition undertaking made to the Company under the deed of non-competition
entered into on October 8, 2020 (“Deed of Non-competition”). The independent non-executive Directors
have reviewed such compliance and confirmed that the above-mentioned parties had kept and duly
performed all the undertakings under the Deed of Non-competition during the Reporting Period.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company, as required to be disclosed under section 543 of the Companies Ordinance, was
entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group has entered into the following transactions, which
constituted continuing connected transactions under the Listing Rules, and are required to be disclosed in
accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:


Partially-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions

As disclosed in the Prospectus and the announcements of the company dated December 23, 2021 and
December 20, 2022 (the “CCT Announcements”), the following transactions constituted partially-exempt
continuing connected transactions of the Company. For further details, please refer to the section headed
“Connected Transactions – Partially-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions” of the Prospectus and
the CCT Announcements.

The Group has followed the pricing policies set forth in section headed “Connected Transactions –
Partially-Exempt Continuing Connected Transactions” of the Prospectus, the CCT Announcements, as well
as the guidelines under the Listing Rules in determining the prices and terms of the continuing connected
transactions conducted during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022   51
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement

     On October 8, 2020, the Company and Nanjing BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd (“Nanjing
     BioSciKin Technology”), for themselves and on behalf of their respective subsidiaries, entered into a
     property lease and comprehensive services framework agreement (the “Existing Property Lease and
     Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Nanjing BioSciKin Technology
     agreed to (i) lease certain properties owned by it or its subsidiaries located at No. 699-18, Xuanwu Avenue,
     Xuanwu District, Nanjing, the PRC (the “BioSciKin Innovation Park”) to the Group for office, laboratory
     and staff dormitory use and provide related property management services; and (ii) provide the Group with
     certain general supporting services within the BioSciKin Innovation Park, which include, among others,
     utilities and network support, conference supporting services, staff canteen services, accommodation
     services and other logistics services.

     The Existing Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement is for an initial term
     commencing on the Listing Date and expiring on December 31, 2022 and is renewable for a term of three
     years upon mutual consent and subject to the requirements under the Listing Rules and other applicable
     laws and regulations.

     Nanjing BioSciKin Technology is a subsidiary of State Good Group Limited which is in turn wholly owned
     by Mr. REN Jinsheng through Simcere Investments Group Limited, and hence an associate of Mr. REN
     Jinsheng and a connected person of the Company.

     The annual cap for the (i) rents and property management services fees and (ii) general supporting fees
     payable under the Existing Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement for the
     year ended December 31, 2022 is RMB64 million, while the actual transaction amount of the year ended
     December 31, 2022 was approximately RMB50.95 million.

     As the term of the Existing Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement expired
     on December 31, 2022, and the Company would remain cooperation with Nanjing BioSciKin Technology,
     on December 20, 2022 (after trading hours), the Company renewed the Existing Property Lease and
     Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement and entered into a new property lease and comprehensive
     services framework agreement with Nanjing BioSciKin Technology (the “BioSciKin Property Lease and
     Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Nanjing BioSciKin Technology
     agreed to lease certain properties to the Group for office, laboratory and staff dormitory use and provide
     related property management services, as well as provide the Group with certain general supporting
     services which include, among others, utilities and network support, conference supporting services,
     staff canteen services, accommodation services and other logistics services, for a term of two years
     commencing from January 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2024 (both days inclusive) and is
     renewable for a term of up to three years upon mutual consent and subject to the requirements under the
     Listing Rules and other applicable laws and regulations. The annual caps for the continuing connected
     transactions to be conducted between the Group and Nanjing BioSciKin Technology together with its
     subsidiaries under the BioSciKin Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement for
     the two years ending December 31, 2023 and 2024 are estimated to be RMB100 million and RMB70 million,
     respectively. For more details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated December 20,
     2022.




52   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Sanroad Promotion Services Framework Agreement

On October 8, 2020, Jiangsu Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Simcere”) and Beijing Sanroad
Biological Products Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Sanroad”) entered into a promotion services framework agreement
(the “Sanroad Promotion Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Jiangsu Simcere agreed to
(i) provide promotion services to Beijing Sanroad within the designated geographic areas in the PRC with
respect to TB-PPD (purified protein derivative of tuberculin), and (ii) assist Beijing Sanroad in launching
TB-PPD to the target market.

The Sanroad Promotion Services Framework Agreement is for an initial term commencing on the Listing
Date and expiring on December 31, 2022 and is renewable for a term of three years upon mutual consent
and subject to the requirements under the Listing Rules and other applicable laws and regulations.

Beijing Sanroad is a subsidiary of Nanjing BioSciKin Technology, an associate of Mr. REN Jinsheng, and
therefore a connected person of the Company.

The annual cap for the transactions under the Sanroad Promotion Services Framework Agreement for the
year ended December 31, 2022 is RMB150 million, while the actual transaction amount of the year ended
December 31, 2022 was nil.


Xianbo Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement

On December 23, 2021, the Company entered into a property lease and comprehensive services framework
agreement (the “Xianbo Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement”) with
Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Xianbo”), for itself and on behalf of its
subsidiaries, pursuant to which the Group agreed to lease certain properties to Shanghai Xianbo for
office and laboratory use and provide related property management services, as well as provide Shanghai
Xianbo with certain general supporting services which include, among others, network support services,
conference supporting services, property maintenance services and other logistics services.

The Xianbo Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement is for a term of three
years commencing from January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2024 (both days inclusive), and is
renewable for a term of three years upon mutual consent and subject to the requirements under the Listing
Rules and other applicable laws and regulations.

Shanghai Xianbo is controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng, who is one of the Directors and the controlling
Shareholder. Shanghai Xianbo is an associate of Mr. REN Jinsheng and therefore a connected person of the
Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The annual cap for the transactions under the Xianbo Property Lease and Comprehensive Services
Framework Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022 is RMB5.25 million, while the actual
transaction amount of the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately RMB4.14 million.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   53
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     In view of the increase in properties to be leased by the Group to Shanghai Xianbo which is in line with the
     rapid business growth of Shanghai Xianbo, the Board envisaged that the original annual caps in respect
     of the financial years ending December 31, 2023 and 2024 (i.e. RMB5.53 million and RMB5.85 million,
     respectively) under the Xianbo Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement
     would not be sufficient. As such, on December 20, 2022 (after trading hours), the Company and Shanghai
     Xianbo entered into a supplemental agreement to the Xianbo Property Lease and Comprehensive Services
     Framework Agreement to increase the original annual caps for the financial years ending December 31,
     2023 and 2024 to RMB10.00 million and RMB10.00 million, respectively. In addition, in view of the expected
     expansion of the business and the increase of the number of employees of Shanghai Xianbo, the original
     term under the Xianbo Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement regarding the
     location of the leased properties is repealed for flexibility. The Company and Shanghai Xianbo will set out
     the location of the leased properties in individual implementation agreements. For more details, please
     refer to the announcement of the Company dated December 20, 2022.


     Diagnostics Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement

     On December 23, 2021, the Company entered into a property lease and comprehensive services framework
     agreement (the “Diagnostics Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement”) with
     Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics”), for itself and on behalf
     of its subsidiaries, pursuant to which the Group agreed to lease certain properties to Jiangsu Simcere
     Diagnostics for office and laboratory use and provide related property management services, as well
     as provide Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics with certain general supporting services which include, among
     others, network support services, conference supporting services, property maintenance services and
     other logistics services.

     The Diagnostics Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement is for a term of three
     years commencing from January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2024 (both days inclusive), and is
     renewable for a term of three years upon mutual consent and subject to the requirements under the Listing
     Rules and other applicable laws and regulations.

     Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics is ultimately controlled by Mr. REN Yong and his spouse, Ms. LI Shimeng,
     both are substantial shareholders of the Company. Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics is an associate of Mr.
     REN Yong and Ms. LI Shimeng and therefore a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the
     Listing Rules.

     The annual cap for the transactions under the Diagnostics Property Lease and Comprehensive Services
     Framework Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022 is RMB7.00 million, while the actual
     transaction amount of the year ended December 31, 2022 was nil.




54   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT


R&D Project Service Framework Agreement

On December 23, 2021, the Company entered into a R&D project service framework agreement (the “R&D
Project Service Framework Agreement”) with Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics, for itself and on behalf of its
subsidiaries, pursuant to which Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics agreed to provide R&D project services to
the Group, including but not limited to CRO (contract research organization) services, WES (whole exome
sequencing) services, CDx (companion diagnostic in vitro diagnostic reagents) service and other R&D
project services.

The R&D Project Service Framework Agreement is for a term of three years commencing from January 1,
2022 and ending on December 31, 2024 (both days inclusive), and is renewable for a term of three years
upon mutual consent and subject to the requirements under the Listing Rules and other applicable laws
and regulations.

Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics is ultimately controlled by Mr. REN Yong and his spouse, Ms. LI Shimeng,
both are substantial shareholders of the Company. Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics is an associate of Mr.
REN Yong and Ms. LI Shimeng and therefore a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.

The annual cap for the transactions under the R&D Project Service Framework Agreement for the year
ended December 31, 2022 is RMB15.00 million, while the actual transaction amount of the year ended
December 31, 2022 was approximately RMB1.45 million.

In respect of the continuing connected transactions, the Company confirms that it has followed the
policies and guidelines as set out in the guidance letter HKEX-GL73-14 issued by the Stock Exchange when
determining the price and terms of the transactions conducted during the year ended December 31, 2022.

Save as disclosed above, none of the other related party transactions set out in the Note 34 of the financial
statements constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions that are required to
be disclosed under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Company confirms that it has complied with the
disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the year ended December 31, 2022.


Confirmation from Independent Non-executive Directors

The independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the continuing connected
transactions outlined above, and confirmed that such continuing connected transactions had been entered
into:

(i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(ii)    on normal commercial terms or better; and

(iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that were fair and reasonable
        and in the interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022   55
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Confirmations from the Company’s Independent Auditor

     The Auditor has performed the relevant procedures regarding the Continuing Connected Transactions
     in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance
     Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference
     to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong
     Listing Rules” issued by Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Auditor has issued an
     unqualified letter containing findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions
     disclosed by the Group in the paragraph above in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy
     of the Auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.

     The Auditor has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with respect to the aforesaid continuing connected
     transactions entered into in the year ended December 31, 2022:

     (i)    nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed
            continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;

     (ii)   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to
            the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
            transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;

     (iii) nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed
           continuing connected transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with
           the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

     (iv)   with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the disclosed continuing connected transactions,
            nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed
            continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual caps as set by the Company.

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group has entered into the following transactions, which
     constituted connected transactions under the Listing Rules, and are required to be disclosed in accordance
     with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:

     Grant of RSUs to Connected Grantees

     To (i) recognize and reward 9 grantees who are connected persons of the Company (the “Connected
     Grantees”) for their contributions to the Group; (ii) encourage, motivate and retain the Connected
     Grantees, whose contributions are beneficial to the continual operation, development and long-
     term growth of the Group; and (iii) provide additional incentive for the Connected Grantees to achieve
     performance goals, with a view to achieving the objectives of increasing the value of the Group and aligning
     the interests of the Connected Grantees to the Shareholders through ownership of Shares, on November
     9, 2022, the Board resolved to grant an aggregate of 3,550,000 RSUs to the Connected Grantees of the
     Company under the 2021 RSU Scheme. On January 18, 2023, the grant of RSUs to the Connected Grantees
     was approved by the independent Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting. For details of the
     RSUs granted to each of the Connected Grantees, please refer to the section headed “Equity-Linked
     Agreements – 2021 RSU Scheme – Details of the RSUs granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme”.




56   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The Connected Grantees, being two executive Directors, certain directors and chief executives of
subsidiaries of the Company, are connected persons of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Listing
Rules. Therefore, the grant of RSUs to the Connected Grantees under the 2021 RSU Scheme constituted
connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and shall be subject to the
reporting, announcement, circular and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated November
9, 2022 and January 18, 2023, the circular of the Company dated December 28, 2022 and Note 30 to the
consolidated financial statements.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As of December 31, 2022, the interest or short position of the Directors or chief executives of the Company
in the Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were (i) required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interest or short positions which
they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (ii) required, pursuant to section
352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or (iii) required, pursuant to the Model
Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange, were as follows:

                                                                                            Number of       Approximate
                                                                                               Shares/ percentage of
 Name of Director/                                                                          underlying      shareholding
 Chief executive                   Nature of interest                              shares interested             interest(1)
 Mr. REN Jinsheng(2)                Interest in controlled corporations/                 1,840,102,913              69.17%
                                      Interest of concert parties/
                                      Interest of spouse
 Mr. TANG Renhong          (3)
                                    Beneficial owner                                          4,650,000              0.17%
 Mr. WAN Yushan      (4)
                                    Beneficial owner                                          3,005,000              0.11%

Notes:

(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 2,660,376,618 issued shares of the Company as of December 31, 2022.

(2)   Mr. REN Jinsheng, together with SIG, P&H Holdings, Right Wealth, Mr. REN Yong, Ms. LI Shimeng, Mr. REN Weidong, Ms.
      REN Zhen and Ms. PENG Suqin (collectively, the “Ultimate Controlling Shareholders”), collectively hold 1,839,610,913
      Shares, including (i) 606,810,031 Shares and 995,811,934 Shares directly held by Artking and SPHL, respectively, both
      of which are companies controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; (ii) 115,527,578 Shares and 120,961,370
      Shares directly held by SIG and FFI, respectively, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng; and
      (iii) 500,000 Shares directly held by Ms. PENG Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders. By virtue of
      the SFO, as the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders are deemed to be persons acting in concert under the Takeovers
      Code, each of them is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each other. Mr. REN Jinsheng is also deemed to be
      interested in (i) 164,000 Shares held by his spouse, Ms. WANG Xi; and (ii) 328,000 Shares underlying the RSUs granted to
      Ms. WANG Xi.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022     57
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     (3)    Mr. TANG Renhong was interested in (i) 3,000,000 RSUs granted to him on November 1, 2021 under the 2021 RSU Scheme
            which entitled him to receive the aggregate of 3,000,000 Shares subject to vesting; and (ii) 1,650,000 RSUs granted to
            him on November 9, 2022 under the 2021 RSU Scheme which entitled him to receive the aggregate of 1,650,000 Shares
            subject to vesting. As of December 31, 2022, 1,000,000 shares underlying the RSUs granted to him were vested.

     (4)    Mr. WAN Yushan (i) directly holds 130,000 Shares; (ii) was interested in 2,025,000 RSUs granted to him on November 1,
            2021 under the 2021 RSU Scheme which entitled him to receive the aggregate of 2,025,000 Shares subject to vesting; and
            (iii) was interested in 850,000 RSUs granted to him on November 9, 2022 under the 2021 RSU Scheme which entitled him
            to receive the aggregate of 850,000 Shares subject to vesting. As of December 31, 2022, 675,000 shares underlying the
            RSUs granted to him were vested.

     Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2022, so far as is known to the Directors, none of the Directors
     and the chief executives of the Company had or were deemed to have any interest or short position in
     the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 7 and
     8 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section
     352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING
     SHARES

     As of December 31, 2022, the interests or short positions of persons (other than the Directors and chief
     executives of the Company) in the shares or underlying shares of the Company (within the meaning of Part
     XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
     SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO were
     as follows:

                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                Number of percentage of
                                                                                                  shares or     shareholding
      Name of shareholder                    Nature of interest                         underlying shares            interest(1)
      Mr. REN Yong(2)(3)                     Interest in controlled corporations/            1,839,610,913              69.15%
                                               Interest of concert parties/
                                               Founder of a discretionary trust
      Ms. LI Shimeng     (2)(3)
                                             Interest in controlled corporations/            1,839,610,913              69.15%
                                               Interest of concert parties/
                                               Interest of spouse
      P&H Holdings Group Ltd.                Interest in controlled corporations/            1,839,610,913              69.15%
           (“P&H Holdings”)         (2)(3)
                                               Interest of concert parties
      Mr. REN Weidong        (2)(4)
                                             Interest in controlled corporations/            1,839,610,913              69.15%
                                               Interest of concert parties
      Right Wealth Holdings Limited Interest in controlled corporations/                     1,839,610,913              69.15%
           (“Right Wealth”)       (2)(4)
                                               Interest of concert parties
      Ms. REN Zhen(2)(5)                     Interest in controlled corporations/            1,839,610,913              69.15%
                                               Interest of concert parties




58   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT


                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                              Number of percentage of
                                                                                               shares or      shareholding
 Name of shareholder                     Nature of interest                          underlying shares            interest(1)
 Ms. PENG Suqin(2)(6)                    Interest in controlled corporations/             1,839,110,913              69.13%
                                           Interest of concert parties
                                         Beneficial interest                                     500,000               0.02%
 Artking Global Limited                  Beneficial interest                                606,810,031              22.81%
      (“Artking”)(7)                     Interest in controlled corporations                995,811,934              37.43%
                                         Interest of concert parties                        236,988,948                8.91%
 Simcere Holding Limited                 Interest in controlled corporations                995,811,934              37.43%
      (“Simcere Holding”)(8)             Interest of concert parties                        843,798,979              31.72%
 Excel Investments                       Interest in controlled corporations                995,811,934              37.43%
      Group Limited                      Interest of concert parties                        843,798,979              31.72%
      (“Excel Investments”)(9)
 Simcere Pharmaceutical                  Beneficial interest                                995,811,934              37.43%
      Holding Limited (“SPHL”)(10)       Interest of concert parties                        843,798,979              31.72%
 Simcere Investments Group               Beneficial interest                                115,527,578                4.34%
      Limited (“SIG”)   (2)(11)
                                         Interest in controlled corporation                 120,961,370                4.55%
                                         Interest of concert parties                      1,603,121,965              60.26%
 Fortune Fountain Investment             Beneficial interest                                120,961,370                4.57%
      Limited (“FFI”)   (12)
                                         Interest of concert parties                      1,718,649,543              64.60%

Notes:

(1)    The calculation is based on the total number of 2,660,376,618 issued shares of the Company as of December 31, 2022.

(2)    Mr. REN Jinsheng, together with other Ultimate Controlling Shareholders, collectively hold 1,839,610,913 Shares,
       including (i) 606,810,031 Shares and 995,811,934 Shares directly held by Artking and SPHL, respectively, both of which
       are companies controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; (ii) 115,527,578 Shares and 120,961,370 Shares
       directly held by SIG and FFI, respectively, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng; and (iii) 500,000
       Shares directly held by Ms. PENG Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders. As the Company’s Ultimate
       Controlling Shareholders are deemed to be persons acting in concert under the Takeovers Code, each of them is deemed
       to be interested in the Shares held by each other by virtue of the SFO.

(3)    Mr. REN Yong, son of Mr. REN Jinsheng and spouse of Ms. LI Shimeng, is the settlor of the P&H Family Trust, which
       holds the entire equity interest in P&H Holdings through P&H Family Trust. Mr. REN Yong, Ms. LI Shimeng and
       P&H Holdings are the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and are deemed to be interested in the Shares
       collectively held by the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

(4)    Mr. REN Weidong is the brother of Mr. REN Jinsheng and holds the entire equity interest in Right Wealth. Mr. REN
       Weidong and Right Wealth are the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and are deemed to be interested in the
       Shares collectively held by the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

(5)    Ms. REN Zhen is the sister of Mr. REN Jinsheng. She is one of the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and is
       deemed to be interested in the Shares collectively held by the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

(6)    Ms. PENG Suqin is the mother of Mr. REN Yong. She is one of the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and is
       deemed to be interested in the Shares collectively held by the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders. Ms. PENG
       Suqin also directly holds 500,000 Shares.



                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022      59
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     (7)    Artking directly holds 606,810,031 Shares and indirectly holds 1,232,800,882 Shares, including (i) 995,811,934 Shares
            directly held by SPHL, a controlled corporation of Artking, (ii) an aggregate of 236,488,948 Shares directly held by SIG
            and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng and are deemed to be acting in concert with
            Artking under the Takeovers Code, and (iii) 500,000 Shares directly held by Ms. PENG Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate
            Controlling Shareholders and is deemed to be acting in concert with Artking under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN
            Jinsheng is the director of Artking.

     (8)    Simcere Holding indirectly holds 1,839,610,913 Shares, including (i) 995,811,934 Shares directly held by SPHL, a
            controlled corporation of Simcere Holding, (ii) an aggregate of 843,798,979 Shares, which comprises of (a) 606,810,031
            Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders, (b)
            236,488,948 Shares directly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng, and (c)
            500,000 Shares directly held by Ms. PENG Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders. Artking, SIG,
            FFI and Ms. PENG Suqin are deemed to be acting in concert with Simcere Holding under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN
            Jinsheng is the director of Simcere Holding.

     (9)    Excel Investments indirectly holds 1,839,610,913 Shares, including (i) 995,811,934 Shares directly held by SPHL, a
            controlled corporation of Excel Investments, and (ii) an aggregate of 843,798,979 Shares, which comprises of (a)
            606,810,031 Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders,
            (b) 236,488,948 Shares directly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng, and
            (c) 500,000 Shares directly held by Ms. PENG Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders. Artking, SIG,
            FFI and Ms. PENG Suqin are deemed to be acting in concert with Excel Investments under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN
            Jinsheng is the director of Excel Investments.

     (10)   SPHL directly holds 995,811,934 Shares and indirectly holds an aggregate of 843,798,979 Shares, including (i)
            606,810,031 Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders,
            (ii) an aggregate of 236,488,948 Shares directly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. REN
            Jinsheng, and (iii) 500,000 Shares directly held by Ms. PENG Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.
            Artking, SIG, FFI and Ms. PENG Suqin are deemed to be acting in concert with SPHL under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN
            Jinsheng is the director of SPHL.

     (11)   SIG directly holds 115,527,578 Shares and indirectly hold 1,724,083,335 Shares, including (i) 120,961,370 Shares directly
            held by FFI, a controlled corporation of SIG and ultimately controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng, and (ii) an aggregate of
            1,602,621,965 Shares directly held by SPHL and Artking, both of which are deemed to be acting in concert with SIG under
            the Takeovers Code, and (iii) 500,000 Shares directly held by Ms. PENG Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate Controlling
            Shareholders and is deemed to be acting in concert with SIG under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director
            of SIG.

     (12)   FFI directly holds 120,961,370 Shares and indirectly hold 1,718,649,543 Shares, including (i) 1,718,149,543 Shares directly
            held by SPHL, Artking and SIG, all of which are deemed to be acting in concert with FFI under the Takeovers Code, and
            (ii) 500,000 Shares directly held by Ms. PENG Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and is deemed
            to be acting in concert with FFI under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director of FFI.

     Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2022, there was no other person (other than the Directors or
     chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares
     of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and
     3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under
     Section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.




60   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT


SUFFICIENT PUBLIC FLOAT

In accordance with Rule 8.08(1)(d) of the Listing Rules, the Stock Exchange has granted the Company
a waiver and accepted a lower public float of 15.45% of the Company’s issued share capital. During the
Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, according to the public information obtainable by
the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained the minimum public float
to the extent permitted by the Stock Exchange.


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The AGM will be held on Thursday, June 15, 2023. The notice of AGM will be sent to shareholders at least
20 clear business days before AGM.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

For the purpose of ascertaining the members’ eligibility to attend and vote at the AGM, the Group’s register
of members will be closed from Monday, June 12, 2023 to Thursday, June 15, 2023, both days inclusive,
during which no transfer of share will be registered. The record date will be Thursday, June 15, 2023.
In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, unregistered holders of shares of the Group shall
ensure that all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with
the Group’s share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops
1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong for registration not
later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, June 9, 2023.

In order to determine the entitlement of shareholders to the proposed final dividend, the register of
members of the Group will be closed from Wednesday, June 21, 2023 to Monday, June 26, 2023 (both days
inclusive), during which no transfer of shares will be registered. The record date will be Monday, June 26,
2023. All transfer documents together with the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Group’s
share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–1716,
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong for registration not later than
4:30 pm on Tuesday, June 20, 2023.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Details of the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the section
of “Corporate Governance Report” of this Annual Report.


REVIEW BY AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee has reviewed the financial reporting processes, risk management and internal
control systems of the Group and the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended
December 31, 2022, and is of the opinion that these statements have complied with the applicable
accounting standards, the Listing Rules and legal requirements, and that adequate disclosure has been
made.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   61
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     AUDITOR

     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been audited by
     KPMG, which will retire at the conclusion of the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being eligible,
     offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution on the re-appointment of KPMG as the auditor of the
     Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.




     For and on behalf of the Board

     Mr. REN Jinsheng

     (Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)

     March 31, 2023




62   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report, for the purpose of inclusion in the annual
report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the “Year”).


CORPORATE PURPOSE, VALUE, STRATEGY AND CULTURE

The Company is an innovation and R&D-driven pharmaceutical company focusing on areas including
oncology, nervous system, autoimmune and anti-infection with forward-looking layout of disease areas
with significant clinical needs in the future, and strives for “providing today’s patients with medicines of
the future”. Driven by both independent R&D and innovation efforts, the Company has established strategic
cooperation partnerships with many innovative companies and research institutes.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

The Group is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principles
of the Group’s corporate governance are to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high
standard of ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business operation, so as to
ensure that its business and operation are conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations,
enhance the transparency of the Board and strengthen the accountability to all shareholders. The
Group’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions prescribed in the
Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

Save as disclosed in this report, the Group has complied with the code provisions contained in the CG Code
during the Year.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

The Board is collectively responsible for performing the corporate governance functions set out in Code
Provision A.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code, including at least the following:

•    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

•    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and
     senior management;

•    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements;

•    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
     employees and the directors; and

•    to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the annual report.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board has reviewed and monitored the above-mentioned
corporate governance functions.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022   63
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

     The Group has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
     “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as the Company’s code of conduct regarding
     the Directors’ securities transactions. Having made specific enquiry of all the Directors of the Company, all
     the Directors confirmed that they have strictly complied with the Model Code for the Year.


     THE BOARD

     Responsibilities

     The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Group’s businesses,
     strategic decisions and performance, and is collectively responsible for promoting the success of the
     Company by directing and supervising its affairs.

     The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to the management
     by laying down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and
     financial performance, and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.
     The Board has delegated to the Board committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of
     reference.


     Delegation of Management Functions

     The major powers and functions of the Board include but not limited to convening the general meetings,
     reporting its work at the general meetings, implementing the resolutions passed at the general meetings,
     considering and approving the operating plans and investment plans of the Company, formulating the
     Company’s strategic development plans, formulating profit distribution plans and plans on making up
     losses, as well as exercising other powers and functions as conferred by the Articles of Association of the
     Company (the “Articles of Association”). The Directors are responsible for preparing the accounts.

     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and advices from the joint
     company secretaries (the “Joint Company Secretaries”) and senior management of the Company and
     may, where appropriate, request to seek independent professional advice at the Company’s expenses for
     discharging their duties to the Company.

     The Board is responsible for making decisions on strategic plans, major investment decisions and other
     significant operational issues of the Company, while responsibilities for implementing decisions of the
     Board, day-to-day management, administration and operation of the Company are delegated to the senior
     management. The delegated functions and tasks are subject to regular review. Prior approvals shall be
     obtained from the Board for any major transaction.




64   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Composition of the Board

As of December 31, 2022, the Board comprised six Directors, including three executive Directors and three
independent non-executive Directors. The Company has appointed Ms. WANG Xi as an executive Director
and Mr. SUNG Ka Woon as an independent non-executive Director on January 18, 2023. As of the date of
this report, the Board comprised eight Directors, including four executive Directors and four independent
non-executive Directors. The list of members of the Board and their positions are set out below.


Executive Directors:

Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. TANG Renhong
Mr. WAN Yushan (Chief Financial Officer and Joint Company Secretary)
Ms. WANG Xi (appointed on January 18, 2023)


Non-executive Director:

Mr. ZHAO John Huan (resigned on August 31, 2022)


Independent Non-executive Directors:

Mr. SONG Ruilin
Mr. WANG Jianguo
Mr. WANG Xinhua
Mr. SUNG Ka Woon (appointed on January 18, 2023)

Biographies of each Director are set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
Management” in this annual report.

All Directors, including non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. All
Directors have carried out duties in good faith and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and
have acted in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders at all times.

Mr. REN Jinsheng, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Ms. WANG Xi, an executive Director, are
husband and wife. Apart from that, there is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other
material/relevant relationship(s)) between the Board members of the Company.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   65
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     Under Code Provision C.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer
     should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.

     As of December 31, 2022, the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company were not
     separated and Mr. REN Jinsheng currently performs these two roles. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the founder
     of the Group, the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He has been
     primarily responsible for developing overall corporate business strategies and business operation of
     the Group and making significant business and operational decisions of the Group. The Directors jointly
     consider that vesting the roles of both the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the
     Company in Mr. REN is beneficial to the business prospects of the Group by ensuring consistent leadership
     to the Group as well as prompt and effective decision making and implementation. In addition, the
     Directors jointly believe that this structure will not impair the balance of power and authority between the
     Board and the management of the Company, given that: (i) any decision to be made by the Board requires
     approval by at least a majority of Directors; (ii) Mr. REN and other Directors are aware of and undertake
     to fulfill their fiduciary duties as Directors, which require, among other things, that he acts for the benefit
     and in the best interests of the Company and will make decisions for the Company accordingly; (iii) As of
     the date of this report, the balance of power and authority is ensured by the operations of the Board, which
     consists of four executive Directors (including Mr. REN) and four independent non-executive Directors, and
     has a fairly strong independence element; and (iv) the overall strategic and other key business, financial,
     and operational policies of the Company are made collectively after thorough discussion at both Board and
     senior management levels.

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     The Board has been complying with the Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules relating to the
     appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors, with at least one of them possessing
     appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.
     In addition, according to Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules, independent non-executive Directors must
     represent at least one-third of the Board. During the Year, the Company had three independent non-
     executive Directors, representing three-sixths of the Board as of December 31, 2022 (during the period
     from January 1, 2022 to August 31, 2022: three-sevenths); therefore, the Company has complied with the
     relevant requirements.

     According to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, the independent non-executive Directors have made
     confirmations to the Company regarding their independence during the Year. Based on the confirmations
     of the independent non- executive Directors, the Company considers each of them to be independent
     during the Year.

     Appointment and Re-election of Directors

     Code Provision B.2.2 of the CG Code stipulates that every director, including those appointed for a specific
     term, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

     The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the
     Articles of Association.




66   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Each of the executive Directors, namely Mr. REN Jinsheng, Mr. TANG Renhong and Mr. WAN Yushan,
has entered into a service contract with the Company on October 8, 2020. The term of respective service
contract is initially three years from the Listing Date or until the third annual general meeting convened
after the Listing Date, whichever is earlier. Ms. WANG Xi, an executive Director, has entered into a service
contract with the Company on January 18, 2023 for a term of three years or until the third annual general
meeting convened after the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. The service contract is subject to
renewal pursuant to the Articles of Association and applicable laws, rules and regulations.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. SONG Ruilin, Mr. WANG Xinhua and Mr.
WANG Jianguo, has entered into an appointment letter with the Company on October 8, 2020. The term of
respective appointment letter is initially three years from the Listing Date or until the third annual general
meeting convened after the Listing Date, whichever is earlier. Mr. SUNG Ka Woon has entered into an
appointment letter with the Company on January 18, 2023 for a term of three years or until the third annual
general meeting convened after the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. The appointment letter is
subject to renewal pursuant to the Articles of Association and applicable laws, rules and regulations.

Pursuant to Article 110 of the Articles of Association, without prejudice to the power of the Company in
general meeting in accordance with any of the provisions of the Articles of Association to appoint any
person to be a Director, the Board shall have power, exercisable at any time and from time to time, to
appoint any other person as a Director, either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board,
provided that the number of Directors so appointed shall not exceed the maximum number (if any)
determined pursuant to the Articles of Association. Any Directors so appointed shall hold office only until
the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for reelection, but
shall not be taken into account in determining the Directors or the number of Directors who are to retire
by rotation at each annual general meeting.

Pursuant to Article 111(a) of the Articles of Association, subject to the provisions of the Articles of
Association, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their
number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but greater than one-third, shall
retire from office by rotation. Subject to the provisions of the Ordinance, the Listing Rules and the Articles
of Association, the Directors to retire in every year shall be those who have been longest in office since
their last election, and as between persons who became Directors on the same day, the Directors to
retire shall (unless otherwise agreed by themselves) be determined by lot. Every Director, including those
appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement at least once every three years.

Pursuant to Article 111(a) of the Articles of Association, Mr. TANG Renhong, Mr. WAN Yushan and Mr.
WANG Xinhua will retire at the annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election
at the annual general meeting.


BOARD MEETINGS AND GENERAL MEETINGS

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company held a total of 6 Board meetings. At the Board
meeting, the Board discussed a wide range of matters, including the Group’s overall strategies, business
prospects, financial and operating performance, approval of the Group’s annual and interim results
announcements and reports, regulatory compliance, corporate governance and other material matters.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022   67
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company convened one annual general meeting. The
     attendance of the above meeting by each Director is as follows:

                                            No. of Board                        No. of annual
                                               meetings                               general
                                               attended                             meetings        Attendance
                                              in person/       Attendance         attended in     rate of annual
                                               by proxy/     rate of Board           person/            general
      Name of the Director                    convened           meetings           convened           meetings
      Executive Directors:
      Mr. REN Jinsheng                             6/0/6               100%               1/1              100%
      Mr. TANG Renhong                             6/0/6               100%               1/1              100%
      Mr. WAN Yushan                               6/0/6               100%               1/1              100%


      Non-executive Director:
      Mr. ZHAO John Huan
        (resigned on August 31, 2022)              4/0/4               100%               1/1              100%


      Independent non-executive
        Directors:
      Mr. SONG Ruilin                              6/0/6               100%               1/1              100%
      Mr. WANG Jianguo                             6/0/6               100%               1/1              100%
      Mr. WANG Xinhua                              6/0/6               100%               1/1              100%

     The Company fully complies with the Code Provision C.5.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code and adopts the practice
     of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at approximately quarterly intervals.
     Notices of not less than fourteen days are given for all regular Board meetings to provide all Directors with
     an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a regular meeting.

     For other Board and Board Committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. The agenda and
     accompanying board papers are dispatched to the Directors or Board Committee members at least three
     days before the meetings to ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and are adequately
     prepared for the meetings. When Directors or Board Committee members are unable to attend a meeting,
     they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known to
     the chairman prior to the meeting. Minutes of meetings are kept by the Joint Company Secretaries with
     copies circulated to all Directors for information and records.

     Minutes of the Board meetings and Board Committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail about
     the matters considered by the Board and Board Committees and the decisions reached, including any
     concerns raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of each Board meeting and Board Committee meeting
     are sent to the Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is
     convened. Minutes of the Board meetings are open for inspection by Directors. All Directors shall obtain
     information related to the Board resolutions in a comprehensive and timely manner, and may seek
     independent professional advice at the Company’s expense after making reasonable request to the Board.




68   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


TRAINING AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS

Each newly appointed director shall be provided with necessary induction and information to ensure
that he/she has a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as his/her
responsibilities under relevant statues, laws, rules and regulations. The Company also arranges regular
seminars to provide Directors with updates on latest development and changes in the Listing Rules and
other relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided
with regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a
whole and each Director to discharge their duties. The Company encourages Directors to participate in
continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.

During the Year, all directors have received directors’ training in writing or by attending lectures.
Directors’ training is mainly about continuing obligations under Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules,
information disclosures and development of green finance, updates on the Listing Rules and CG Code,
functions of directors of listed companies, regulatory overview of listed companies, latest requirements on
ESG disclosures and how to improve ESG ratings, etc.

                                                                               Attending or participating
                                                                                   in relevant seminars/
 Name of the Director                                                         reading relevant materials
 Executive Directors:
 Mr. REN Jinsheng                                                                                       ✓
 Mr. TANG Renhong                                                                                       ✓
 Mr. WAN Yushan                                                                                         ✓

 Non-executive Director:
 Mr. ZHAO John Huan (resigned on August 31, 2022)                                                       ✓

 Independent non-executive Directors:
 Mr. SONG Ruilin                                                                                        ✓
 Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                       ✓
 Mr. WANG Xinhua                                                                                        ✓


COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Audit Committee

The Group established an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) with written terms of reference in
compliance with the CG Code. The main duties of the Audit Committee are to review and supervise the
financial reporting process and internal control system of our Group, oversee the audit process, review
and oversee the existing and potential risks of the Group and perform other duties and responsibilities as
assigned by the Board.

The Audit Committee consists of three members, all of which are independent non-executive Directors,
namely Mr. WANG Xinhua, Mr. SONG Ruilin and Mr. WANG Jianguo. The chairperson of the Audit
Committee is Mr. WANG Xinhua. Mr. WANG Xinhua possesses the appropriate professional qualifications
and accounting and related financial management expertise.


                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   69
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     In accordance with the written terms of reference of the Audit Committee, it should convene at least two
     meetings in each fiscal year.

     During the Year, the Company held three meetings of the Audit Committee to: (i) review and discuss the
     report to the Audit Committee prepared by the auditors, KPMG, and the matters the Audit Committee
     should pay attention to as recommended by the auditors, including any material concerns raised to the
     management in relation to accounting records, financial statements or internal control systems and the
     management’s responses; (ii) review and discuss the Report of the Risk Management and Internal Control
     Systems and to review the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and, if appropriate,
     make recommendations to the Board on the following matters: (a) to review and discuss the Report of the
     Risk Management and Internal Control Systems of the Group; (b) to review the effectiveness of financial
     controls, risk management and internal control systems of the Group; and (c) to review the adequacy
     of resources of the accounting and financial reporting function of the Group, staff qualifications and
     experience, and review staff training programmes and relevant budget; (iii) review and discuss the draft
     audited consolidated financial statements; the draft annual results announcement and the draft annual
     report of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2021 and, if appropriate, make recommendations to
     the Board; (iv) review and discuss the draft of letter of representation prepared by the auditors, KPMG and
     make recommendations to the Board; (v) consider and make recommendations to the Board on the re-
     appointment of KPMG as the Company’s independent external auditors for a term until the conclusion of
     the next annual general meeting of the Company; and (vi) review and discuss the draft unaudited interim
     consolidated financial statements, the draft interim results announcement and the draft interim report
     of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2022, and make suggestions to the Board of Directors, if
     appropriate.

     The Audit Committee held two meetings with the external auditor without the attendance of executive
     Directors, to discuss the Group’s annual financial results for 2021, interim financial results for 2022 and
     the annual audit plan.

     The attendance record of members of the Audit Committee is listed in the table below:

                                                                                              No. of meetings
                                                                                          attended in person/
                                                                                             in proxy by other
      Name of the members of the committee                                                Directors/convened
      Mr. WANG Xinhua                                                                                    3/0/3
      Mr. SONG Ruilin                                                                                    3/0/3
      Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                   3/0/3

     The Audit Committee held a meeting on March 31, 2023 to review the annual financial results for 2022,
     significant internal audit matters and reappoint the external auditor. The audited annual results of the
     Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been reviewed by the Audit Committee, which is of the
     opinion that the preparation of the relevant financial statements complies with the applicable accounting
     standards and requirements and that adequate disclosures have been made. Members of the Audit
     Committee have reviewed the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and discussed
     auditing, internal control, risk management and financial reporting matters including the review of the
     annual results and the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31,
     2022.
70   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Remuneration and Appraisal Committee

In accordance with the CG Code, the Company has established a Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
(the “Remuneration and Appraisal Committee”) with written terms of reference. The primary duties of
the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are to establish, review and make recommendations to our
Directors on our policy and structure concerning remuneration of our Directors and senior management
and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies concerning such
remuneration, assess the performance of executive directors, determine and approve the terms of the
specific services contract remuneration package of each executive Director and senior management and
review and approve remuneration by reference to corporate goals and objectives resolved by our Directors
from time-to-time; and review and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the
Listing Rules.

As of December 31, 2022, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee consists of three members,
including two independent non-executive Directors and one executive Director, namely Mr. WANG Jianguo,
Mr. WANG Xinhua and Mr. REN Jinsheng. The chairperson of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
is Mr. WANG Jianguo. Mr. WAN Yushan and Mr. SUNG Ka Woon have been appointed as members of the
Remuneration and Appraisal Committee with effect from March 31, 2023.

During the Year, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held three meetings to consider and make
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration and other benefits payable by the Company to the
Directors and senior management, the grant of RSUs to the connected grantees and non-connected
grantees, assess the performance of executive Directors, approve the service contract of Ms. WANG Xi,
an executive Director and the terms of the appointment letter of Mr. SUNG Ka Woon, an independent non-
executive Director, and other related matters.

According to the terms of reference of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the duties of the
Remuneration and Appraisal Committee include providing recommendation to the Board in respect of the
remuneration packages of the Directors (including individual executive Directors) and senior management
of the Company. Pursuant to which, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee considered the grant
of RSUs to the individual Directors and senior management of the Company on a meeting convened on
November 9, 2022.

The number of RSUs granted to relevant Directors and senior management is primarily recommended
to the Board by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee with reference to, among other things, their
respective roles, responsibilities, work experience, contributions and remuneration packages, as well as
the market value of the awarded shares or restricted share units granted to the directors and/or senior
management of comparable companies. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee considers the grant
of RSUs to relevant Directors and senior management are to (i) recognize and reward the Grantees for
their contributions to the Group; (ii) encourage, motivate and retain the Grantees, whose contributions are
beneficial to the continual operation, development and long-term growth of the Group; and (iii) provide
additional incentive for the Grantees to achieve performance goals, with a view to achieving the objectives
of increasing the value of the Group and aligning the interests of the Grantees to the Shareholders
through ownership of Shares. The RSU Grants recognize their past contributions to the Group’s business
performance and aim to secure their long-term support and commitment to the Group which are vital to
the future development of the Group. As the Group’s business is undergoing rapid expansion, the RSU
Grants serves as an important incentive to motivate them to bring a higher return to the Company. In
addition, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is of the view that the RSU Grants are in line with the
Company’s remuneration policy, which includes basic salary, performance-based bonus and long-term
incentives, such as the 2021 RSU Scheme. The RSU Grants align the interests of the Grantees directly with
the interests of the Shareholders through ownership of the Shares and help to further encourage them to
devote their efforts to the Group’s development.



                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   71
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The attendance record of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is listed in the table
     below:

                                                                                                 No. of meetings
                                                                                          attended in person/
                                                                                             in proxy by other
      Name of the members of the committee                                                Directors/convened
      Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                     3/0/3
      Mr. WANG Xinhua                                                                                      3/0/3
      Mr. REN Jinsheng                                                                                     3/0/3

     Pursuant to the Code Provision E.1.5 of Part 2 of the CG Code, the following table sets out the total
     remuneration (excluding equity-settled share expenses) of Directors and senior management members for
     the year ended December 31, 2022 by remuneration band:

                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                  Members of               Total
                                                                   Number of           Senior        Number of
      Group     Remuneration (RMB)                                  Directors    Management          Individuals
      1         0-1,000,000                                                 4                0                4
      2         1,500,001-2,000,000                                         0                1                1
      3         2,500,001-3,000,000                                         1                0                1
      4         3,000,001-3,500,000                                          0               3                3
      5         3,500,001-4,000,000                                          0               1                1
      6         4,500,001-5,000,000                                          0               1                1
      7         5,000,001-5,500,000                                          0               3                3
      8         5,500,001-6,000,000                                          0               1                1
      9         6,500,001-7,000,000                                          1               0                1
      10        7,000,001-7,500,000                                          0               1                1
      11        13,000,001-13,500,000                                        1               0                1

     Further details of the Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid employees required to be disclosed
     under Appendix 16 of the Listing Rules are set out in Notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements.




72   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Nomination Committee

In accordance with the CG Code, the Company has established a Nomination Committee (the “Nomination
Committee”) with written terms of reference. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to
review the structure, size and composition of our Board and senior management on a regular basis and
make recommendations to our Board regarding any proposed changes to the composition of our Board and
senior management, identify, select or make recommendations to our Board on the selection of individuals
nominated for directorship and senior management members, ensure the diversity of our Board and
senior management members, assess the independence of our independent non-executive Directors and
make recommendations to our Board on relevant matters relating to the appointment, reappointment and
removal of our Directors and senior management members and succession planning for our Directors and
senior management members.

As of December 31, 2022, the Nomination Committee consists of three members, including two
independent non-executive Directors and one executive Director, namely Mr. SONG Ruilin, Mr. WANG
Jianguo and Mr. REN Jinsheng. The chairperson of the Nomination Committee is Mr. SONG Ruilin. Ms.
WANG Xi and Mr. SUNG Ka Woon have been appointed as members of the Nomination Committee with
effect from March 31, 2023.

During the Year, the Nomination Committee held five meetings to review the structure, size and
composition of the Board, assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors and
make recommendations to the Board on re-election of the retiring directors. The Nomination Committee
makes recommendations the re-election of retiring Directors to the Board. The Nomination Committee
reviews the Board’s structure when considering the re-election of retiring Directors and will consider the
diversity of Board members from a variety of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural
and educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge, length of service and industry
and regional experience. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be
considered against criteria including talents, skills and experience as may be necessary for the operation
of the Board as a whole, with a view to maintaining a sound balance of the Board’s composition.

The attendance record of members of the Nomination Committee is listed in the table below:

                                                                                        No. of meetings
                                                                                    attended in person/
                                                                                       in proxy by other
 Name of the members of the committee                                               Directors/convened
 Mr. SONG Ruilin                                                                                    5/0/5
 Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                   5/0/5
 Mr. REN Jinsheng                                                                                   5/0/5


Strategy Committee

The Company has established a Strategy Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the
requirements under the Listing Rules.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022   73
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Strategy Committee consists of three members, including one executive Director, one non-executive
     Director and one independent non-executive Director, namely Mr. REN Jinsheng, Mr. ZHAO John Huan and
     Mr. WANG Jianguo. Since Mr. ZHAO John Huan resigned as a non-executive Director on August 31, 2022,
     Mr. TANG Renhong, an executive Director, succeeded him as a member of the Strategy Committee. The
     chairperson of the Strategy Committee is Mr. REN Jinsheng.

     The primary duties of the Strategy Committee are to review and make suggestions in respect of the
     strategic directions, development proposals, annual operation plans, investment proposals, major
     investments, financing and capital injection, expansion of business and any major reorganization or
     restructuring proposal of the Company.

     During the Year, the Strategy Committee held three meetings to assess industry trends, explore long-
     term planning of the Company, seek major strategic development opportunities, review ESG works and
     formulate corresponding plans.

     The attendance record of members of the Strategy Committee is listed in the table below:

                                                                                                   No. of meetings
                                                                                               attended in person/
                                                                                                 in proxy by other
         Name of the members of the committee                                                  Directors/convened
         Mr. REN Jinsheng                                                                                     3/0/3
         Mr. TANG Renhong                                                                                     1/0/1
          (Appointed as a member of the Strategy Committee on August 31, 2022)
         Mr. ZHAO John Huan (Resigned on August 31, 2022)                                                     3/0/3
         Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                     3/0/3


     Directors Nomination Policy

     In accordance with the Company’s director nomination policy, the Nomination Committee shall consider
     the following criteria in evaluating and selecting candidates for directorship:

     •      Skills, experience and expertise: The candidate should possess the skills, knowledge, experience and
            expertise which are relevant to the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries;

     •      Diversity: Candidates should be considered on merit and against objective criteria, with due regard to
            the diversity perspectives set out in the Board diversity policy of the Company;

     •      Commitment: The candidate should be able to devote sufficient time to attend Board meetings and
            participate in induction, trainings and other Board associated activities. In particular, if the proposed
            candidate will be nominated as an independent non-executive Director and will be holding his/her
            seventh(or more) listed company directorship, the Nomination Committee should consider the reason
            given by the candidate for being able to devote sufficient time to the Board and Board Committee
            meetings;

     •      Standing: The candidate must satisfy the Board and the Stock Exchange that he/she has the
            character, experience and integrity to serve as a Director, and is able to demonstrate a standard of
            competence commensurate with the relevant position as a Director;


74   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•   Independence: For the candidate who is proposed as an independent non-executive Director, he
    or she must satisfy all the independence requirements as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.
    Where appropriate, the Nomination Committee shall also evaluate the education, qualifications and
    experience of the candidates in a holistic manner to consider whether they possess appropriate
    professional qualifications, accounting or related financial management expertise to act as
    independent non-executive Directors.
The Nomination Committee will recommend to the Board for the appointment of directors (including
independent non-executive Directors) in accordance with the following nomination procedures:
•   If the Nomination Committee determines that additional appointment or replacement of the
    Director(s) is required, the Committee may take such measures that it considers appropriate in
    connection with its identification and evaluation of a candidate;
•   The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate recommended or offered for
    nomination by the Shareholders of the Group as a nominee for election to the Board and the
    appointment or reappointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors is subject to the
    approval of the Board;
•   On making recommendation, the Nomination Committee may submit the candidate’s personal
    profile and a proposal to the Board for consideration. In order to be a valid proposal, the proposal
    must clearly indicate the nominating intention and the candidate’s consent to be nominated and the
    personal profile must incorporate and/or accompanied by the full particulars of the candidate that
    are required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules, including the information and/or confirmation
    required under Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules. If the candidate is proposed to be appointed as an
    independent non-executive Director, his or her independence shall be assessed in accordance with
    the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, subject to any amendments as may be made by
    the Stock Exchange from time to time;
•   The Board shall observe its Board diversity policy and shall, subject to merit and suitability, continue
    in its endeavours to introduce more diversity into the Board, taking into account professional
    experience and qualifications, gender, age, cultural and educational background, and any other
    factors that the Board might consider relevant and applicable from time to time towards achieving
    Board diversity; and
•   Each proposed new appointment, election or re-election of a Director shall be assessed and/or
    considered against the criteria and qualifications set out in the nomination policy by the Nomination
    Committee which shall recommend its views to the Board and/or the Shareholders for consideration
    and determination.
The Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Directors nomination
policy and reviewing this policy from time to time as appropriate to ensure its effectiveness.


THE MECHANISM WHERE THE BOARD CAN OBTAIN INDEPENDENT VIEWS AND ADVICE
The Board has adopted a mechanism where the Board can obtain independent views and advice on August
31, 2022. Such mechanism aims at facilitating the Company to establish a mechanism to ensure the Board
to possess stronger independent elements, which will be one of the key factors to enhance the Board’s
efficiency. The Board shall review the execution and effect of this policy once a year. The Board has
reviewed the mechanism where the Board can obtain independent views and advice on March 31, 2023, and
the Board is of the opinion that the mechanism where the Board can obtain independent views and advice
is effective.
In the mechanism where the Board can obtain independent views and advice, the considerations for the
Board to obtain independent views and advice are as follows:




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   75
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     (a)   Channels for the Directors to Seek Advice from Independent Professional Consultants
           According to the requirements of code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code in Appendix 14
           to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
           “Listing Rules”), the Board shall agree on a procedure to enable the Directors, upon reasonable
           request, to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the issuer’s
           expense. The Board shall resolve to provide separate independent professional advice to the
           Directors to assist them to perform their responsibilities to the issuer. The Nomination Committee
           and the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee shall also be provided sufficient resources by the
           issuer to perform their duties.

           For this purpose, the Directors, members of the Nomination Committee or members of the
           Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Company can seek independent professional
           advice according to the following procedures at the Company’s expense, so as to perform their
           responsibilities:

           •    A Director makes reasonable request to the secretary to the Board and specify reasons and the
                responsibilities to be performed.

           •    Upon receiving the request from a Director, the secretary to the Board shall report to the
                Chairman of the Board or designated authorised Director as soon as practicable and propose to
                the Board for granting approval of such request.

           •    After the Board resolves to approve the relevant requests, the secretary to the Board shall make
                relevant arrangements as soon as possible to appoint a professional consultant. The selected
                professional consultant shall be agreed by the Chairman of the Board or designated authorised
                Director and the Director who make the requisition, and shall not be the consultant used to be
                engaged by the Company.

           •    The secretary to the Board shall arrange the independent professional consultants to provide
                advice.

           •    The secretary to the Board shall report the relevant arrangements to the Board and keep
                records.

           If the Board and the Director who makes the requisition cannot reach consensus on the appointment
           of professional consultant, the decision of the Board shall be final and binding.


     (b)   Seeking Information by Directors

           For the matters to be discussed on Board meetings, the Directors have the right to seek further
           information and documents from the management. The Directors shall also perform due diligence
           and make independent judgments themselves and shall not solely rely on professional advisers or
           the information volunteered by the management. To assist the Directors to duly perform their duties
           and timely discover potential issues, the management shall also provide all relevant documents and
           information to the Directors, including but not limited to:

           •    board papers and background information;

           •    disclosure documents;

           •    Specific project plans and budgets;

76   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      •    Projections and monthly financial updates; and

      •    Supporting information of new project proposals by management.


(c)   Qualifications of Independent Non-executive Directors

      The Nomination Committee and the Board nominates and appoints independent non-executive
      Directors according to the nomination policy of the Company. When considering independent non-
      executive Directors, apart from taking into account their independence as required under the Listing
      Rules, the Company will also consider whether they are industry practitioners or experts in the
      Company’s business, or have other skills and experience in other areas (e.g. laws and accounting), so
      as to enhance the Board members’ composition of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives.

      Independent non-executive Directors shall possess the following functions to provide independent
      views and advices:

      •    keeping abreast of the latest information of the businesses of the Company, participating
           in supervising the Company’s performance on achieving established corporate goals and
           objectives and monitoring relevant reporting process;

      •    providing independent advice on issues of strategy, policy, corporate performance,
           accountability, resources, key appointments and standards of conduct, and assist in reviewing
           certain major decisions of the Board and the Company’s performance on corporate goals as well
           as monitoring relevant reporting process;

      •    taking the lead where potential conflicts of interests arise; and

      •    serving as a member of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the
           Nomination Committee and other governance committees, if invited.


(d)   Number of Independent Non-executive Directors and the Time Committed

      •    The Board shall include a balanced composition of executive and non-executive Directors
           (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element
           on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment. There shall be at least three
           independent non-executive Directors among the Board members and the independent non-
           executive Directors shall represent at least one-third of the Board, so as to comply with the
           requirements of the Listing Rules.

      •    The independent non-executive Directors shall ensure to devote sufficient time and energy to
           handle such tasks and shall fully engage in the Company’s affairs in the Board and other time
           after the meeting. The independent non-executive Directors who hold directorships in a number
           of companies or hold important positions in the government or non-profit organizations shall
           devote sufficient attention to the Board and Board committees.

      •    If the proposed independent non-executive Directors will be holding their seventh (or more)
           directorships in listed companies, the Board shall comprehensively considers and explain in
           the shareholder circular why the Board believes such individual would still be able to devote
           sufficient time to the Board.

      •    The Chairman of the Board shall hold at least one meeting with the independent non-executive
           Directors without the presence of other Directors annually to discuss any doubts or concerns.



                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   77
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


           •    The independent non-executive Directors shall attend general meetings, Board meetings and
                committee meetings which they serve as a committee member. If they are unable to attend such
                meetings, it is necessary for them to provide reasons to the Board and relevant committees and
                make relevant records.


     (e)   Remuneration

           The independent non-executive Directors have not been granted equity-based remuneration (e.g.
           share options or grants) with performance-related elements as this may lead to bias in their
           decision-making and compromise their objectivity and independence.


     BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

     The Company has adopted a Board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain
     an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of our Board that are relevant to the Company’s business
     growth. The selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not
     limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills,
     knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be based on merits and contributions that the
     selected candidates will bring to the Board.

     Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including overall management and strategic
     development, business operation, accounting and financial management, pharmaceutical research and
     development. They obtained degrees in various majors or certifications, including in economics, business
     administration, marketing, law, accounting and pharmacy. The Company has four independent non-
     executive Directors with different industry backgrounds, representing more than one-third of the Board. In
     addition, our Board has a wide range of age, ranging from 39 years old to 67 years old. Given the Board’s
     composition of all-male directors in 2022, the gender diversity at the Board level shall be improved, thus
     the Company has appointed Ms. WANG Xi as an executive Director with effect from January 18, 2023. At
     the same time, the Company will continue to take steps to promote gender diversity at all levels of our
     Company, including but not limited to our Board and the management levels. Going forward, our Company
     will consider the possibility of nominating more female senior management to the Board or appointing a
     female independent non-executive Director who has the necessary skills and experience. The Company
     targets to achieve 20% female representation in the Board within five years, subject to the Directors
     (i) being satisfied with the competence and experience of the relevant candidates after a comprehensive
     review process based on reasonable criteria; and (ii) fulfilling their fiduciary duties to act in the best
     interest of our Company and our Shareholders as a whole when deliberating on the appointment. To
     develop a pipeline of potential female successors to the Board, our Company will (i) ensure that there is
     gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior levels; and (ii) engage more resources in training
     female staff with the aim of promoting them to be members of our senior management or the Board.

     As at December 31, 2022, male employees accounted for 49.08% and female employees accounted for
     50.92% of all employees (including senior management) of the Group. We are committed to creating
     favorable conditions in our working environment to hire more staff and promote more women to hold
     senior management positions based on the qualifications, experience and skills required for those
     positions. In addition, we may face the issue of whether the supply of female personnel in the human
     resources market matches the academic qualifications, experience and skills required for positions within
     the Group. Despite these challenges, we are still moving towards gender balance.




78   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Nomination Committee is responsible for ensuring the diversity of our Board. The Nomination
Committee will monitor the implementation of the diversity policy and review the Board diversity policy
from time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness. The Board has reviewed the Board diversity policy
on March 24, 2022 and the Board is of the opinion that the implementation of Board diversity policy is
effective

The graph below set forth the diversity profile of the Board as at December 31, 2022:

      No. of Directors
6
                                                                                                                                6-7

5                                                                           61–70
                         Independent
                         non-executive
                           Directors
4


3                                                  Male                                           Chinese
                                                                                                                                2-3
                                                                           51–60
2
                          Executive
                          Directors
1
                                                                           41–50
0
           Designation                   Gender                Age                   Ethnicity           Length of service(i)

Notes:

(i)     The length of service is calculated from the date of appointment of the Director(s) by the Company to December 31, 2022.


COMPANY SECRETARIES

On November 9, 2022, Mr. BAO Jun has resigned as the secretary to the Board and a Joint Company
Secretary of the Company, and Mr. WAN Yushan, an executive Director and the chief financial officer of
the Company, has been appointed as the secretary to the Board and a Joint Company Secretary of the
Company. Mr. WAN Yushan is responsible for making recommendations and proposals to the Board on
issues related to corporate governance, and ensuring that Board policies and procedures as well as
applicable laws, rules and regulations are strictly followed.

In order to maintain sound corporate governance and to ensure compliance with the Listing Rules and
applicable Hong Kong laws, the Company also appointed Ms. MAK Po Man Cherie of SWCS Corporate
Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, as the Company’s Joint Company Secretaries, to assist Mr. WAN
Yushan in discharging the duties of a company secretary. Mr. WAN Yushan has attended trainings on,
among other things, laws and regulations, Listing Rules, director and Board secretaries’ duties, rules
on information disclosure, rules on connected transactions, notifiable transactions, equity management
of securities companies, directors’ and supervisors’ securities dealings, disclosure of interests, market
misconduct and the implementation of relevant internal policies.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        79
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Mr. WAN Yushan and Ms. MAK Po Man Cherie have all confirmed that they received not less than 15 hours
     of relevant professional training during the year ended December 31, 2022.


     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company currently does not have a fixed dividend distribution ratio. Our Board may declare dividends
     by considering our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial
     conditions, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Directors consider relevant. Any declaration
     and payment as well as the amount of dividends will be subject to our constitutional documents and the
     Companies Ordinance, including the approval of our Shareholders.

     As the Company is a holding company, our ability to declare and pay dividends will also depend on the
     availability of dividends received from our PRC subsidiaries. PRC laws require that dividends be paid only
     out of the net profit calculated according to the PRC accounting principles, which differ in many aspects
     from generally accepted accounting principles in other jurisdictions, including HKFRSs. PRC laws also
     require foreign invested enterprises to set aside part of their net profit as statutory reserves, which are
     not available for distribution as cash dividends. Distributions from our subsidiaries may also be restricted
     if they incur debt or losses or in accordance with any restrictive covenants in bank credit facilities or other
     agreements that we or our subsidiaries may enter into in the future.


     LIABILITY INSURANCE FOR DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     The Company has maintained insurance for all the directors and senior management members to
     minimum the potential risks which may occur to them during their normal performance of duties.


     RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The Directors confirm their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the
     year ended December 31, 2022.

     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties involving events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The statement of the Company’s
     independent auditor regarding its reporting responsibilities on the financial statements is included in the
     Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 97 to 104 of this annual report.


     AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

     For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company appointed KPMG as its independent auditors. The
     total fees paid/payable for audit and non-audit services provided by the Group’s independent auditors
     for the year ended December 31, 2022, excluding disbursements made on behalf of the Company, are as
     follows:

      Service provided                                                              Fees paid/payable (RMB’000)
      Audit service                                                                                         4,000
      Non-audit service note                                                                                  294

     Note: Non-audit service mainly refers to taxation advising services.




80   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The overall objectives of the Group’s risk management are to ensure that risks are controlled within
an acceptable limits appropriate to the overall objectives, to ensure compliance with relevant laws and
regulations, to ensure the implementation of the Group’s relevant rules and regulations and major
measures taken to achieve business objectives, to ensure the effectiveness of management, to improve the
efficiency and effectiveness of business activities, to reduce uncertainty in achieving business objectives, to
ensure that a crisis management plan is in place for subsequent management upon occurrence of various
significant risks and to ensure that the Company is free of significant loss arising from catastrophic risks
or human error. Our risk management system follows the principles of comprehensiveness, prudence,
independence, effectiveness and timeliness to ensure the optimized use of the system.
The Group’s risk management process consists of five steps: risk identification, risk assessment, risk
management strategy selection, risk response and rectification and risk management supervision and
improvement. Our internal audit function is performed by the internal control and audit department,
which reports directly to the Audit Committee. The Group has separately set an audit department directly
reporting to the internal control and audit department, which conducts routine random audits and special
audits in accordance with the regulations of each business functions of the Company. In respect of regular
random audits, the internal control and audit department prepares the audit plan for the coming year on an
annual basis, and carries out the relevant works as per the scheduled timetable. In addition to the regular
audits, the internal control and audit department also conducts special audits from time to time based on
particular reports and issues identified during the regular random audits. Notices would be issued and
notified, in different levels, in respect of the issues identified during the regular random audits and special
audits by the internal control and audit department depending on the seriousness of the incidents.
Each business entities of the Group is responsible for identifying, assessing and managing the risks
within its scope of business. They will develop their respective internal control system for effective risk
management and develop action plans to manage the risks catering for the risks identified and assessed.
Management is responsible for monitoring the Group’s risk management and internal control activities and
holds regular meetings with the business entities to ensure that key risks have been properly managed and
newly identified or evolving risks have been identified. Besides, the internal control and compliance related
departments will also monitor the internal operations of the Group from time to time.
The Board is responsible for examining and reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s
risk management and internal control systems, including financial monitoring, operating monitoring and
compliance monitoring, the Board also is responsible for reviewing the annual report and taking advice
from the Audit Committee.
The Board reviews the effectiveness of risk management and internal control system once a year and
has reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and has covered all important monitoring aspects, including financial monitoring,
operational monitoring and compliance monitoring, and the Board has obtained management’s
confirmation on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system of the Company. In
particular, the Board considered the resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes
and budget of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions as well as the
performance and reporting of environmental, social and governance to be adequate. The review was
conducted through discussions with the management of the Company, its external auditors and the
assessment performed by the Audit Committee. The Board is also of the opinion that there is neither
material failure of risk control, nor has it identified any major weakness in risk control. The Company
has strictly complied with the requirements under the Corporate Governance Code in relation to risk
management and internal control, and the Board assesses that the Company’s risk management and
internal control system is effective and adequate.
The Board acknowledges that it is accountable for the risk management and internal control systems and
has the responsibility to review the effectiveness of such systems. These systems are designed to manage,
not eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable, but not
absolute, assurance that there will be no material misrepresentation or loss.

                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022   81
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Company is aware of its responsibilities under the SFO and the Listing Rules with respect to the
     procedures and internal controls over the handling and dissemination of inside information, and the
     overriding principle is that if some information is determined as inside information, it should be announced
     as soon as reasonably practicable and handled with close regard to applicable laws and regulations.


     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     With the recognition of the importance of environmental protection to the pursuit of long-term sustainable
     development, the Group has formulated various internal systems of energy conservation and emission
     reduction and promoted energy conservation and emission reduction measures, including put forward
     environmental management goals, monitor emissions, encourage staff to conserve energy and reduce
     consumption. The Group is committed to improving the sustainable development of the environment and
     will closely monitor its performance. The Group has always strictly complied with the applicable laws
     and regulations in the place of operation, such as the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s
     Republic of China（中華人民共和國環境保護法）, which have been supported and effectively implemented
     by employees. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group has not suffered any fines or other
     penalties for the violation of any health, safety or environmental regulations. For details, please refer to the
     environmental, social and governance report to be published independently by the Group.


     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

     According to the Articles of Association and the Companies Ordinance, Shareholders of the Company may:
     (i) move a requisition to move a resolution at the AGM; (ii) requisition to convene an extraordinary general
     meeting (the “EGM”); and (iii) propose a person for election as a Director at a general meeting.


     Requisition to Move a Resolution at an AGM

     The Company holds a general meeting as its AGM every year. In accordance with section 615 of the
     Companies Ordinance, a requisition to move a resolution at the AGM may be submitted by any number of
     Shareholders representing not less than one-fortieth (1/40th) of the total voting rights of all Shareholders
     having the right to vote on that resolution at the AGM, or not less than 50 Shareholders having the right
     to vote on that resolution at the AGM. The requisition must identify the resolution and must be signed by
     all the applicant. The requisition must be deposited at the Registered Office (as defined below), for the
     attention of the Joint Company Secretaries, not later than 6 weeks before the AGM to which the request
     relates, or if later, when the Notice of AGM is dispatched.


     Requisition to Convene an EGM

     Shareholders holding not less than one-twentieth (1/20) of the total voting rights of all the members having
     a right to vote at general meetings of the Company can deposit a requisition to convene an EGM pursuant
     to sections 566 to 568 of the Companies Ordinance. The requisition must state the general nature of the
     business to be dealt with at the meeting, and must be signed by the applicant. The requisition must be
     deposited at our Registered Office for the attention of the Joint Company Secretaries.




82   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Proposing a Person for Election as a Director at a General Meeting

If a Shareholder wishes to propose a person for election as a Director at a general meeting, he/she must
give a written notice to that effect to the Joint Company Secretaries. The written notice must include the
personal information of the person proposed for election as a Director as required by Rule 13.51(2) of
the Listing Rules and be signed by such Shareholder and the person proposed for election as a Director
indicating his/her willingness to be appointed or re-appointed and consent of publication of his/her
personal information. Such notice shall be given within the period (or a longer period as may be determined
by the Directors from time to time) commencing no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice
of such meeting and ending no later than seven days prior to the date appointed for such meeting. Such
details and procedures are available in our website.

For requesting the Company to circulate to Shareholders a statement with respect to a matter mentioned
in a proposed resolution or any other business to be dealt with at a general meeting, Shareholders
are requested to follow the requirements and procedures as set out in section 580 of the Companies
Ordinance.


Procedure in relation to Raising Enquiry and Concerns with the Board

Shareholders of the Company wishing to make any enquiry to the Board may do so in writing to the
Company since verbal or anonymous ones would not generally be dealt with by the Company.

For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholder(s) must deposit the original duly signed written requisition,
notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the below address and provide their full names,
contact details and identification in order to give effect to such requisition, notice or statement, or enquiry.
Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.


Contact details

Address:     43/F, AIA Tower, 183 Electric Road, North Point, Hong Kong (“Registered Office”)
             (for the attention of the Joint Company Secretaries)
Email:       ir@simcere.com

For any enquiry concerning our Shares, Shareholders are advised to directly check with our Hong
Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited. The contact details of
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited are as follows:

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited

Address:     17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Tel:         +852 2862 8555
Website:     www.computershare.com/hk/contact




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022   83
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS RELATIONS

     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing
     investor relations and investor understanding of the Company’s business performance and strategies.
     The Company has adopted the Shareholders’ Communication Policy. The Board has reviewed the
     Shareholders’ Communication Policy on March 24, 2022 and the Company has maintained communications
     with Shareholders according to the communication strategies set out in the Shareholders’ Communication
     Policy, where the Shareholders can raise questions to the Directors at the annual general meeting
     held on June 24, 2022, thus the Board is of the opinion that the Shareholders’ Communication Policy is
     implemented appropriately and effective.

     The Shareholders’ Communication Policy includes the following:

     General Policies

     •    The Board shall maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and the investment community, and
          will regularly review this Policy to ensure its effectiveness.

     •    Information shall be communicated to Shareholders and the investment community mainly through
          the Company’s financial reports (interim and annual reports), annual general meetings and other
          general meetings that may be convened; and publish all the disclosures submitted to the Stock
          Exchange, corporate communications and other corporate publications on the Company’s website.

     •    Effective and timely dissemination of information to Shareholders and the investment community
          shall be ensured at all times. Any question regarding this Policy shall be directed to the Joint
          Company Secretaries.

     Communication Strategies

     Shareholders’ enquiries

     •    Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s Share
          Registrar.

     •    Shareholders and the investment community may at any time make a request for the Company’s
          information to the extent such information is publicly available.

     •    Shareholders and the investment community shall be provided with designated contacts, email
          addresses and enquiry methods of the Company in order to enable them to make any query in respect
          of the Company.

     Corporate Communication*

     •    Corporate communication will be provided to Shareholders in plain language and in both English and
          Chinese versions to facilitate Shareholders’ understanding. Shareholders have the right to choose the
          language (either English or Chinese) or means of receipt of the corporate communications (in hard
          copy or through electronic means).

     •    Shareholders are encouraged to provide, amongst other things, in particular, their email addresses
          to the Company in order to facilitate timely and effective communications.

     *    “Corporate Communication” refers to any document issued or to be issued by the Company for the information or action
          of holders of any of its securities, including but not limited to the directors’ report and annual accounts together with a
          copy of the auditor’s report, the interim report, a notice of meeting, a circular and a proxy form.


84   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Company’s website

•    A dedicated “Investor Relations” section is available on the Company’s website (www.simcere.com).
     Information on such website is updated on a regular basis.

•    Information released by the Company to the Stock Exchange is also posted on the Company’s
     website immediately thereafter. Such Information on website includes financial statements, results
     announcements, circulars and notices of general meetings and associated explanatory documents etc.

•    All presentation materials provided in conjunction with the Company’s annual general meeting
     and results announcement each year will be made available on the Company’s website as soon as
     practicable after their release.


General Meetings

•    Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and
     vote at meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.

•    Appropriate arrangements for the annual general meetings shall be in place to encourage
     Shareholders’ participation.

•    The process of the Company’s general meetings will be monitored and reviewed on a regular basis,
     and, if necessary, changes will be made to ensure that Shareholders’ needs are best served.

•    Board members, in particular, either the chairman of Board committees or their delegates,
     appropriate management executives and external auditors will attend annual general meetings to
     answer Shareholders’ questions.

•    Shareholders are encouraged to attend Shareholders’ activities organized by the Company, where
     information about the Company, including its latest strategic plan, products and services etc will be
     communicated.


Communications with the Investment Market

•    The Company will organize various events regularly, which include briefing sessions to and private
     meetings with investors/analysts, holding domestic and international roadshows, media interviews
     and investor promotions, as well as organizing/participating in industry thematic forums, so as to
     facilitate communication between the Company and its Shareholders and investors.

•    The Directors and employees of the Company who have contacts or dialogues with investors, analysts,
     media or other interested outside parties are required to comply with the disclosure obligations and
     requirements under the “Inside Information Disclosure Policy” of the Company.


AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

There is no change in the Articles of Association of the Company during the Year.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022   85
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are updated as of the
     date of this report.

     DIRECTORS

     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. REN Jinsheng (任晉生), aged 60, is the founder, an executive Director, the chairman of the Board
     and the chief executive officer of the Company. He is primarily responsible for the overall corporate and
     business strategies, business operation and making significant business and operational decisions of the
     Group.

     With more than 30 years of industry experience, Mr. REN has gained in-depth understanding of the
     pharmaceutical industry and acquired rich management experience. At the very beginning of the Group’s
     operations, Mr. REN became the general manager of Jiangsu Simcere at the time of its establishment in
     March 1995, and has subsequently been the chairman of the board and the chief executive officer of the
     Group. On November 19, 2019, Mr. REN was officially appointed as the chairman of the Board, an executive
     Director and the chief executive officer of the Company. Mr. REN has also been the chairman of the board
     of various subsidiaries within the Group, including but not limited to Jiangsu Simcere since April 2004,
     Hainan Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (海南先聲藥業有限公司) (“Hainan Simcere”) since April 2001 and
     Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲藥業有限公司) (“Simcere Pharmaceutical”) since February 2003.
     Prior to the foundation of the Group, Mr. REN served as the manager of the new special drugs business
     department of Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Industry Co., Ltd. (江蘇省醫藥工業有限公司) from November
     1992 to March 1995. Prior to that, Mr. REN worked at Qidong Pharmaceutical Factory (啟東製藥廠), now
     known as Gaitianli Pharmaceutical Holding Group Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (蓋天力醫藥控股集團製藥股
     份有限公司) from February 1982 to November 1992. In addition, Mr. REN was the president of the China
     Pharmaceutical Innovation Promotion Association (中國醫藥創新促進會) for the year from 2020 to 2021.

     Mr. REN graduated with a college diploma in traditional Chinese pharmacology from Nanjing University of
     Chinese Medicine (南京中醫藥大學) (formerly known as Nanjing College of Chinese Medicine (南京中醫學
     院)) in January 1982. He also graduated with a master’s degree in business administration from Nanjing
     Normal University (南京師範大學) in December 1996. Mr. REN was certified as a researcher (natural
     science series) and a senior economist by Jiangsu Human Resources and Social Security Department (江
     蘇省人力資源與社會保障廳) in January 2020 and November 2010, respectively.

     Over the years, Mr. REN has received many awards and accolades acknowledging his contributions and
     accomplishments in the pharmaceutical industry, examples of which are set out below:

      Honor/Award                                      Awarding Body                                   Timing of granting
                                                                                                       the award
      Top 10 leaders in China’s pharmaceutical industry National Federation of Industry and Commerce   May 2016
      (中國醫藥行業十大領軍人物)                                     Pharmaceutical Merchants Association
                                                         (全國工商業聯合會醫藥商協會)
      First prize of the Science and Technology Award of The People’s Government of Hainan Province    December 2014;
      Hainan Province (海南省科學技術一等獎)                       (海南省人民政府)                                     January 2005
      Special Government Allowances(政府特殊津貼)              State Council (國務院)                           March 2011
      Jiangsu Innovation and Entrepreneurship            Jiangsu Committee of the Communist Party of   June 2010
      Talent Award (江蘇創新創業人才獎)                           China (中共江蘇省委);
                                                         The People’s Government of Jiangsu Province
                                                         (江蘇省人民政府)
      National Labor Medal                               All-China Federation of Trade Unions          April 2007
      (全國五一勞動獎章)                                         (中華全國總工會)
      Second prize of National Science and Technology State Council (國務院)                              November 2005
      Progress Award (國家科學技術進步二等獎)


86   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. TANG Renhong (唐任宏), aged 43, is an executive Director of the Company and the chairman of the
board of directors and the chief executive officer of Simcere Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲再明
醫藥有限公司) (“Simcere Zaiming”), a subsidiary of the Company. Mr. TANG is committed to the overall
leading of Simcere Zaiming, which is responsible for the research and development, production and
marketing of oncology pharmaceuticals of the Group.

Mr. TANG has nearly 13 years of experience in pharmaceutical research and development and
management of pharmaceutical companies. Mr. TANG joined the Group acting as the vice president in
May 2019. He was officially appointed as an executive Director and the vice president of the Company on
November 19, 2019 and further appointed as the senior vice president, the executive vice president and the
co-chief executive officer (the “Co-CEO”) of the Company on June 1, 2020, March 31, 2021 and May 25, 2022,
respectively. Mr. TANG resigned as the Co-CEO of the Company on December 31, 2022 and was appointed
as the chairman of the board of directors and the chief executive officer of Simcere Zaiming on January 1,
2023.

Prior to joining Simcere, he served as the vice general manager of Shanghai Shengdi Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd. (上海盛迪醫藥有限公司) from September 2017 to May 2019. From September 2013 to August 2017, Mr.
TANG worked as the associate director of China Innovation Center of Astrazeneca Investment (China) Co.,
Ltd. (阿斯利康投資（中國）有限公司). Before that, he worked at the Novo Nordisk Research Center China
(諾和諾德中國研究發展中心) from June 2009 to September 2013 with the last position there being the
head of department. At the beginning of his career, he was a postdoctoral researcher at the University of
California, San Francisco from April 2007 to May 2009.

Mr. TANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大
學) in July 2002. He also obtained a Ph.D. in molecular cell biology from Nanyang Technological University
(南洋理工大學) in April 2007.

Mr. WAN Yushan (萬玉山), aged 52, is an executive Director, the chief financial officer and one of the joint
company secretaries of the Company. He is primarily responsible for the financial, legal and compliance
management, formulating financial strategies and in charge of the process and information business of the
Group.

Mr. WAN has over 20 years of experience with the Group where he has accumulated knowledge and
skills required in the financial management of the Group. Mr. WAN joined the Group in May 2000 and has
assumed various positions successively since then, including the financial controller, general manager
of financial department, vice president and chief financial officer. On November 19, 2019, Mr. WAN was
officially appointed as an executive Director and the chief financial officer of the Company. He has also
been the director of several subsidiaries of the Company including, among others, Hainan Simcere since
July 2011 and Simcere Pharmaceutical since July 2017.

Mr. WAN obtained a bachelor’s degree in biochemistry from Nanjing University (南京大學) in June 1992 and
a master’s degree in management (majoring in accounting) from Nanjing University in June 1999. Mr. WAN
was admitted as a non-practicing member of Jiangsu Institute Certified Public Accountants (江蘇省註冊會
計師協會) in November 2009.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022   87
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Ms. WANG Xi (王熙), aged 40, is an executive Director and a vice president of the Company. She is primarily
     responsible for the procurement and supply chain department of the Group and quality management,
     material control and business of Jiangsu Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company.
     Ms. WANG joined the Group in May 2020 and has been a vice president of the Company since then. She was
     appointed as an executive Director with effect from January 18, 2023. Ms. WANG Xi is the spouse of Mr. Ren
     Jinsheng, the founder, an executive Director, the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of
     the Company.

     Ms. WANG has extensive experience in corporate governance. Ms. WANG has been the chairman of the
     board of directors of Simcare Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲再康江蘇藥業有限公司) since July
     2018, a director of Nanjing BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd. (南京百家匯科技發展有限公司)
     since April 2020 and a director of Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd. (北京祥瑞生物製品股份有
     限公司) (stock code: 873821, NEEQ) since May 2020. In addition, Ms. WANG served as a director of Jiangsu
     Pharmaceutical Industry Research Institute Co., Ltd. (江蘇省醫藥工業研究所有限公司) and the executive
     director and the general manager of Nanjing Xinjiye Technology Development Co., Ltd. (南京新基業科技發
     展有限公司) from 2015 to 2022.

     Ms. WANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in marketing from Nankai University (南開大學) in June 2006 and
     is currently studying for an EMBA (Executive Master of Business Administration) degree at China Europe
     International Business School (中歐國際工商學院).

     Independent Non-Executive Directors

     Mr. SONG Ruilin (宋瑞霖), aged 60, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. He is
     primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operation and management
     of the Group.

     Mr. SONG has extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. SONG joined the Group in
     November 2019. He has held positions in a number of public companies, including a non-executive
     director of Luye Pharma Group Ltd. (stock code: 2186.HK) since March 2017, an independent director of
     Mediwelcome Healthcare Service and Technology Inc. (麥迪衛康健康醫療服務科技有限公司) (stock code:
     2159.HK) since December 2020, an independent director of Jacobio Pharmaceuticals Group Co., Ltd. (加
     科思藥業集團有限公司) (stock code: 1167.HK) since December 2020, an independent director of Shanghai
     Henlius Biotech, Inc. (上海復宏漢霖生物技術股份有限公司) (stock code: 2696.HK) since June 2018, an
     independent director of Shenzhen Chipscreen Biosciences Co., Ltd (深圳微芯生物科技股份有限公司) (stock
     code: 688321.SH) since August 2018, an independent director of Boya Biopharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.
     (博雅生物製藥集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 300294.SZ) from March 2017 to March 2021, an independent
     director of Tibet Aim Pharm. Inc. (西藏易明西雅醫藥科技股份有限公司) (stock code: 002826.SZ) from
     August 2015 to August 2021, an independent director of Shanxi Zhendong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (山西
     振東製藥股份有限公司) (stock code: 300158.SZ) from June 2015 to June 2021, an independent director of
     Zhejiang Jolly Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (浙江佐力藥業股份有限公司) (stock code: 300181.SZ) from July
     2009 to January 2014 and an independent director of Jointown Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (九州通醫藥
     集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 600998.SH) from November 2008 to November 2014.




88   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. SONG is currently the executive president of PhIRDA (中國醫藥創新促進會) (formerly named as China
Pharmaceutical Industry Research and Development Association (中國醫藥工業科研開發促進會)). Mr.
SONG also hold several important social positions including a specially-invited expert of the Talent Pool
Participating in and Discussing State Affairs of the CPPCC, a consultant of Participating in and Discussing
State Affairs of the Chinese Peasants and Workers Democratic Party, the executive deputy director of the
Research Centre for Drug Policy and Industrial Development at China Pharmaceutical University (中國
藥科大學國家藥物政策與產業發展研究中心), a member of the NMPA’s Expert Advisory Committee on the
Strategic Decision of Chinese medicine management (中藥管理戰略決策專家諮詢委員會), a member of the
Biotech Advisory Panel of the Stock Exchange, vice chairman of China Alliance Rare Diseases, a honorary
council member of the Chinese Medicine Society, council member of Chinese Pharmacist Association,
a council member of the Bethune Charitable Foundation, a visiting researcher of Shanghai Jiaotong
University. Since 2007, Mr. SONG has been dedicated to the research of China’s pharmaceutical policies,
especially the policies for pharmaceutical innovation. Prior to that, he worked in the Legislative Affairs
Office of the State Council of China, mainly engaged in the legislative review and research of health and
medicine for a number of years.

Mr. SONG graduated with a bachelor’s degree in law from China University of Political Science and Law (中
國政法大學) in July 1985. He also graduated with a degree of master of business administration from China
Europe International Business School (中歐國際商學院) in November 2004 and a doctoral degree in social
and administrative pharmacy from China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學) in December 2018.

Mr. WANG Jianguo (汪建國), aged 62, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. He is
primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operation and management
of the Group.

Mr. WANG has over 30 years of experience in corporate management. He joined the Group in November
2019, and meanwhile, he has been an independent non-executive director of Honma Golf Limited (stock
code: 6858.HK) since September 2016. Mr. WANG also has been the chairman of the board of Five Star
Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (五星控股集團有限公司), the chairman of Kidswant Children Products Co., Ltd
(stock code: 301078.SZ) and the chairman of Huitongda Network Co., Ltd. (stock code: 9878.HK) since
February 2009. Before that, Mr. WANG was the vice president of the Asia-Pacific Region for Best Buy
Co., Inc. (stock code: BBY.NY), an American multinational consumer electronics corporation. He founded
Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co., Ltd. (江蘇五星電器有限公司) in 1998 and was its president and the
chairman of the board until February 2009. From 1992 to 1998, Mr. WANG held various positions at Jiangsu
Wujiaohua Corporation (江蘇五交化總公司) with his last position there being the general manager.

Mr. WANG was elected as the Fifth Excellent Constructor of Socialism with Chinese Characteristics from
Non-public Sector (第五屆全國非公有制經濟人士優秀中國特色社會主義事業建設者) in August 2019 and was
elected as the Model Worker of the National Business System (全國商務系統勞動模範) by the Ministry of
Personnel and the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC in 2007.

Mr. WANG graduated from the Australian National University, in July 2004 with a degree of executive
master of business administration. He also completed the program of Ph.D. in Business Administration in
Global Finance from Arizona State University, U.S.A. in May 2018.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   89
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Mr. WANG Xinhua (王新華), aged 67, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. He is
     primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operation and management
     of the Group.

     Mr. WANG has almost 45 years of experience in accounting and financial management. Mr. WANG joined
     the Group in November 2019. He has been an independent non-executive director of China Tobacco
     International (HK) Company Limited (stock code: 6055.HK) since December 2018, an independent
     director of China Petroleum Engineering Corporation (中國石油集團工程股份有限公司) (stock code:
     600339.SH) since September 2017. In addition, Mr. WANG was an independent director of Guizhou Yibai
     Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (貴州益佰製藥股份有限公司) (stock code: 600594.SH), Guizhou Jiulian Industrial
     Explosive Material Development Co., Ltd. (貴州久聯民爆器材發展股份有限公司) (stock code: 002037.SZ)
     (now renamed as Poly Union Chemical Holding Group Co., Ltd. (保利聯合化工控股集團股份有限公司)) and
     Xinjiang Zhongtai Chemical Co., Ltd. (新疆中泰化學股份有限公司) (stock code: 002092.SZ) from September
     2016 to September 2019, from March 2016 to December 2019 and from January 2017 to December 2022,
     respectively. Prior to that, Mr. WANG served as the chief financial officer of China Petroleum & Chemical
     Corporation (中國石油化工股份有限公司) (stock code: 386.HK and 600028.SH) from May 2009 to December
     2015. From November 2004 to April 2009, he served as a director of the financial planning department of
     China Petrochemical Corporation (中國石化集團公司).

     Mr. WANG graduated from Northeastern University (東北大學) in July 1996 after completing his
     undergraduate course in management engineering through correspondence courses. He was recognized
     as a senior accountant at professor level (教授級高級會計師) by Sinopec Group in January 2004.

     Mr. SUNG Ka Woon (宋嘉桓) (whose former name was Song Li (宋立)), aged 51, is an independent non-
     executive Director of the Company. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent
     advice on the operation and management of the Group.

     Mr. SUNG has been the vice chairman of the board of directors of the Wuhan branch of Yuhu Cold Chain
     (China) Co., Ltd. (玉湖冷鏈（中國）有限公司) since March 2017. From August 2013 to March 2017, Mr.
     SUNG served as a director at Asia Social Development Research Center (亞洲社會發展研究中心). Mr.
     SUNG served at various social positions including a president of Hong Kong Industrial and Commercial
     Association Limited (香港工商總會) from February 2021 to June 2022, a member of Heung Yee Kuk New
     Territories of Hong Kong since May 2020, a member of the Election Committee of Hong Kong since
     September 2021, a member of the 12th and 13th CPPCC of Zhanjiang City, Guangdong Province from
     February 2014 to December 2017, and a member of the 12th CPPCC of Shandong Province from January
     2018. Mr. SUNG was appointed as a non-official Justice of the Peace by the Government of Hong Kong in
     July 2021.

     Mr. SUNG obtained an executive master of business and administration degree from Antai College of
     Economics & Management, Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學安泰經濟與管理學院) in the PRC
     in December 2011, completed the part-time postgraduate studies majoring in economic management
     from Party School of the Central Committee of CPC (中共中央黨校) in the PRC in January 1996 and
     obtained a bachelor’s degree of machinery design and automation from Northeastern University (東北大學)
     (previously known as Northeastern Institute of Technology (東北工學院)) in the PRC in July 1993.




90   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                       BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The members of the senior management team and details of each of their experience are as follows:

Mr. Bijoyesh Mookerjee, aged 60, joined the Group as Chief Medical Officer, Oncology in February 2022.
He is responsible for overall clinical pipeline strategy and execution in oncology therapeutic areas and
developing the company’s global footprints and capabilities.

Mr. Mookerjee has over 30 years of clinical and medical experience in academia and the pharmaceutical
industry. Before joining Simcere, from April 2017 to January 2022, he was Vice President and Senior Global
Clinical Program Head in Oncology at Novartis Pharmaceutical Corporation (“NPC”), responsible for
multiple cancer programs during development, regulatory submissions and interactions, reviews, external
acquisitions, and clinical activities while building international partnerships with industry, academia, and
collaborative clinical groups.

He also possesses prior leadership and scientific experience in global organizations and academia,
including GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Incyte Corporation, AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals L.P.,
Thomas Jefferson University Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center, University of Maryland Greenebaum Cancer
Center, and the Johns Hopkins Oncology Center.

Mr. Mookerjee completed a fellowship in medical oncology at the National Cancer Institute, National
Institutes of Health from July 1994 to June 1997, and a residency in internal medicine at the State
University of New York, Downstate Medical Center from July 1991 to June 1994. He received his medical
degree from Armed Forces Medical College, University of Pune in March 1987. He is board certified in
internal medicine and medical oncology by The American Board of Internal Medicine (ABIM) in November
1994 and November 1997, respectively.

Mr. ZHOU Gaobo (周高波), aged 44, was appointed as Chief Investment Officer of the Company on January
17, 2022. He is primarily responsible for business investment, business development management,
strategic planning, affairs in Hong Kong and investor relations management.

Mr. ZHOU has approximately 16 years of management consulting experience in the healthcare industry.
He was a Partner of McKinsey & Company from January 2014 to January 2022, and was the joint head
of McKinsey’s Greater China Healthcare practice from October 2019 to January 2022. Prior to this, he
had taken various positions, including a consultant, an Engagement Manager and an Associate Partner
at McKinsey from July 2006 to December 2013. He worked with leading pharmaceutical, biotechnology,
medical device, and life science investment companies on a broad range of topics in China Healthcare
Reform and innovation, including strategy, business model innovation, digital transformation, and
investment and partnership. He also built the largest healthcare management consulting team in the
industry. Previously, he also worked at Human Genome Sciences (HGSI) in antibody and fusion protein drug
development from July 2002 to July 2004.

Mr. Zhou graduated with a bachelor degree in genetics from Fudan University (復旦大學) in July 2000. He
obtained a master of science degree in biochemistry from the University of Maryland (馬里蘭大學) in July
2002, as well as a master’s degree in business administration from Duke University (杜克大學) in May 2006.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   91
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Mr. Tamas Oravecz, aged 59, joined the Group as the Senior Vice President, Chief Scientific Officer of
     Simcere of America Inc. in August 2022. Mr. Oravecz is responsible for discovery strategy formulation and
     execution in the United States, as well as strengthening and supervising the research and development
     capabilities of the entire pre-clinical process from concept and target verification to clinical application.

     Mr. Oravecz has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Before joining Simcere, he was
     the Chief Scientific Officer at Parthenon Therapeutics, leading research and development of new therapies
     for immune-excluded solid tumors. Prior to that, Mr. Oravecz was the Vice President and Global Head
     of the Cell Therapy Platform and Discovery at Janssen Biotherapeutics, Johnson & Johnson, Executive
     Director of Biology & Pharmacology of Celgene Corporation at Celgene Corporation (acquired by Bristol-
     Myers Squibb), and Vice President of Immunology and Oncology at Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Inc. In his
     early career, Mr. Oravecz served as the Program Head, HIV Therapy with Novartis Cell and Gene Therapy,
     Systemix, Inc. and Senior Scientist/Primary Reviewer with the National Institutes of Health/Food and Drug
     Administration.

     Mr. Oravecz received his M.S. degree in Molecular Biology in 1988 and a Ph.D. degree in Immunology
     from the University of Szeged (塞格德大學) in Hungary in 1991. He completed four fellowships, including
     the Swiss Immunological Society (瑞士免疫學會), the European Association of Immunologists (歐洲免疫
     學家協會), the British Council Imperial Cancer Research Fund (英國帝國癌症研究基金會) and the Fogarty
     International Center of National Institutes of Health, United States (美國國立衛生研究院福格蒂國際中心).

     Mr. ZHU Tong (朱彤), aged 44, joined the Group as the Senior Vice President in April 2022. He is mainly
     responsible for marketing of innovative drug management business of the Group.

     From January 2002 to January 2019, Mr. ZHU was engaged in marketing and sales management in
     Sanofi (China) Investment Co.,Ltd., Beijing Novartis Pharma Ltd., and Sino-American Shanghai Squibb
     Pharmaceuticals Ltd. From January 2019 to March 2022. Mr. ZHU was in charge of the cardiovascular,
     renal and metabolic diseases business department at China Innovation Center of Astrazeneca Investment
     (China) Co., Ltd.

     Mr. ZHU Tong graduated from Zhejiang University and obtained a bachelor’s degree in pharmacy in July
     2001.

     Mr. Danny CHEN, aged 54, joined the Group as the Senior Vice President of the Company in February
     2022. He is mainly responsible for the Company’s management of translational science and neuroscience
     research, and in charge of clinical research institutes, as well as the formation and management of the
     R&D team of Beijing Innovation Center.

     Mr. CHEN had engaged in clinical pharmacology and pharmaceutical research at Purdue Pharma L.P. from
     September 2002 to January 2005. From January 2005 to July 2020, he had been working as head of clinical
     pharmacology of Pfizer Inc. (US) Neuroscience and Internal Medicine Research Unit. Before joining the
     Group, Mr. CHEN was the senior vice president of SciNeuro Pharmaceuticals in charge of non-clinical and
     translational science from August 2020 to February 2022.




92   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. CHEN graduated with a bachelor’s degree in chemistry from Whittier College in February 1995. He
obtained the Ph.D. in pharmacology from Ohio State University in September 2002. He also held academic
memberships in the American Association of Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics from 2004 to
2020, the American Conference on Pharmacometrics from 2011 to 2020 and the American Association of
Pharmaceutical Sciences from 2001 to 2005.

Mr. Kevin OLIVER, aged 53, joined the Group in March 2020 and was appointed as the Senior Vice President
on March 31, 2021. He is responsible for business development and alliance management in the United
States.

Mr. OLIVER has over 30 years’ of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, with 17 years of experience
focusing on business development and acquisition management. From September 1990 to March 2005, he
was responsible for target discovery and verification in Merck, Sharp & Dohme, Ltd. He was a negotiation
manager, deputy director and senior director of Merck & Co., Inc., responsible for global business
development and external research/ licensing and target acquisition from March 2005 to December 2010.
From December 2010 to July 2014, he was an executive director of Merck & Co., Inc., responsible for the
out-licensing and asset divestiture of global projects. Before joining Simcere, he was responsible for
global business development and licensing/M&A and alliance management in Alcon, Inc. (Novartis AG.) as
the global leader of BD&L External Alliances since July 2014.

Mr. OLIVER obtained his bachelor’s degree in immunology from King’s College London in July 1990 and a
Ph.D. in pathology from Cambridge University in September 1995.

Ms. SONG Wenjie (宋文傑), aged 45, is the Senior Vice President of Simcere Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd. (先聲再明醫藥有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company. Ms. SONG is responsible for the development of
clinical study projects of the Group’s innovative oncology medicines to enhance the clinical research and
development capabilities of the Group.

Ms. SONG possesses extensive knowledge and experience in the research and development of innovative
medicines as well as the management of clinical projects. She joined the Group and was appointed as the
head of clinical development of the Company in July 2020. Ms. SONG resigned as the Senior Vice President
of the Company on December 31, 2022, and was appointed as the Senior Vice President of Simcere Zaiming
on January 1, 2023.

Prior to joining Simcere, she was the vice president of clinical development of CStone Pharmaceuticals
from May 2018 to June 2020, and worked as translational medical expert and global clinical projects leader
in Novartis (CNIBR) from May 2015 to April 2018. Prior to that, she held important positions in global
pharmaceutical companies, such as the global clinical development team (CDT) of Johnson & Johnson Asia
and the medical team of AstraZeneca. Before joining the pharmaceutical industry, she was a gynecological
oncologist in Shanghai East Hospital.

From September 2001 to July 2004, Ms. SONG completed the gynecologic oncology research in the First
Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University (鄭州大學第一附屬醫院) and obtained a master’s degree.
From September 1996 to July 2001, she obtained a Bachelor’s degree of clinical medicine in Zhengzhou
University (鄭州大學).




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022   93
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Mr. CHENG Xianghua (程向華), aged 46, is a Vice President of the Company. He is primarily responsible for
     the marketing management of the Group’s Neuroscience Business Units.

     Mr. CHENG has over 20 years of experience with the Group where he gained rich experience in the
     management of the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. CHENG joined the Group in June 2000 and has held
     various positions within the Group since then, including the sales representative, manager, business
     director, general manager of business department, president assistant, and Vice President, successively.
     Mr. CHENG has also been the chairman of the board of Oy Simcere Europe Ltd. since June 2019, a director
     of Wuhu Simcere Zhongren Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (蕪湖先聲中人藥業有限公司) since July 2017, a
     director of Shanghai Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (上海先聲藥業有限公司) since January 2017, a
     director of Simcere Pharmaceutical since April 2020 and a director of Hainan Simcere since May 2020. In
     addition, Mr. CHENG served as a director of Xuancheng Menovo Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (宣城美諾華藥業
     有限公司) from July 2019 to September 2020.

     Mr. CHENG graduated with a college diploma in pharmaceutical marketing from Anhui University of
     Chinese Medicine (安徽中醫藥大學) in July 1999. He is currently studying for the Executive Master of
     Business Administration (EMBA) program at China Europe International Business School.

     Mr. QIAN Haibo (錢海波), aged 60, is a Vice President of the Company. He is primarily responsible for the
     management of the policy affairs department and public relations department.

     Mr. QIAN has held senior management positions for almost 20 years within the Group. Mr. QIAN joined
     the Group in November 1994 and served successively as a department manager, director and assistant to
     general manager until May 2005. In December 2005, he became the secretary to the board of the Group
     and served in this position during the period when the Group listed on the NYSE. He successively served
     as the general manager and a director of the Company from October 2018 to November 2019. He has been
     a Vice President of the Group since January 2013, and was officially appointed as the Vice President of
     the Company on November 19, 2019. In addition, he also has been the director of Jiangsu Simcere since
     February 2011. Mr. QIAN has held directorships in several other companies, including Nanjing Bioheng
     Biotech Co., Ltd. (南京北恆生物科技有限公司) since June 2018 to March 2021, Beijing Yude Future Holdings
     Co., Ltd. (北京玉德未來控股有限公司) from November 2015 and Hainan Simcere BioSciKin Technology
     Development Co., Ltd. (海南先聲百家匯科技發展有限公司) since September 2014.

     Mr. QIAN graduated with a bachelor’s degree in law from Nanjing Normal University in June 1986. He
     obtained a degree of master of business administration from Nanjing University in December 2002 and
     a doctoral degree in social and administrative pharmacy from China Pharmaceutical University in June
     2007. Mr. QIAN was certified as a senior economist at researcher level by Nanjing Office of Work Title
     (Professional Qualification) Work Leading Group (南京市職稱（職業資格）工作領導小組辦公室) in September
     2008. Mr. QIAN holds a qualification certificate of national licensed pharmacist.




94   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. SHI Ruiwen (史瑞文), aged 57, joined the Group in November 2017 and was appointed as a Vice
President of the Company on March 31, 2021, primarily responsible for the pharmaceutical business of the
Company and the management of the Hainan Research Institute.

Mr. SHI has nearly 32 years of experience in pharmaceutical research and development and production
management. From March 1990 to August 1996, he served as an assistant research professor and an
associate research professor in the Institute of Biomedical Engineering of Chinese Academy of Medical
Sciences (中國醫學科學院生物醫學工程研究所). From August 1996 to August 1997, as a visiting scholar, he
conducted research in the Medical School of Kumamoto University. From August 2002 to September 2003,
he served in Mannkind Corporation as a research and development scientist of the Formulation and Drug
Delivery Science Department. He was a senior scientist of the Drug Delivery Systems and Formulation
Development Department of Bausch + Lomb Inc. from September 2003 to September 2005, and a senior
scientist in the Pre-formulation and Early Formulation Department of ALZA Corporation, a subsidiary of
Johnson & Johnson from October 2005 to August 2007. From August 2007 to October 2017, he served as a
senior scientist, a principal scientist (deputy director level) and a deputy director in the Formulation and
Drug Delivery Department of Allergan Inc.

Mr. SHI joined the Group in November 2017. He served as the senior director of the pharmaceutical
business department of the Group and the chief engineer of Simcere Pharmaceuticals from November
2017 to December 2018. From December 2018 to August 2019, he served as the executive director of the
pharmaceutical business department of the Group and the vice dean of Nanjing Research Institute (南京研
究院). From August 2019 to August 2020, he served as the general manager of Simcere Pharmaceuticals.
Since November 2019, he has served as the Vice President of the Group.

Mr. SHI graduated with a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in Polymer Chemistry and Materials
from Tianjin University (天津大學) in September 1987 and March 1990, respectively. Mr. SHI also obtained
a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of British Columbia in May 2003.

Mr. WANG Feng (王峰), aged 40, joined the Group in June 2007 and was appointed as a Vice President of
the Company on March 31, 2021, primarily responsible for the management of the regulatory Science,
intellectual property, Synergistic Innovation departments of the Company.

Mr. WANG has nearly 16 years of experience within the Group. He joined the Group in June 2007 and
held various positions in the Group, including as a product manager of the marketing department from
June 2007 to September 2010, a senior product manager of marketing department from September
2010 to August 2013, a product director of marketing department from August 2013 to January 2016, a
general manager of the marketing department from January 2016 to August 2017, a senior director of
pharmaceutical business department of the Group from August 2017 to January 2018, a senior director of
regulations science department from January 2018 to December 2018, an executive director of regulations
and intellectual property department (formerly known as the regulations science department) from
December 2018 to May 2019, and a vice dean of Nanjing Research Institute from May 2019 to September
2020. Mr. WANG was appointed as Party Secretary and Vice President of the Group in September 2020.

Mr. WANG graduated from China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學) with a bachelor’s degree in
bioengineering in July 2004, a master’s degree in microbiology and biochemistry in June 2007 and a Ph. D.
in social management pharmacy in 2018.



                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   95
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Joint Company Secretaries

     Mr. WAN Yushan (萬玉山) was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company with
     effect from November 9, 2022. For more information in relation to Mr. WAN, please refer to “Biographies
     of Directors and Senior Management – Directors – Executive Directors” above.

     Ms. MAK Po Man Cherie (麥寶文) was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company on
     September 17, 2020, which took effect on the same day.

     Ms. MAK is the vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited. She has worked
     for various professional firms and listed companies in Hong Kong, with over 17 years of experience in the
     fields of audit, accounting, corporate finance, compliance and corporate secretarial. Ms. MAK obtained a
     Master of Corporate Governance degree from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2017. She has been
     admitted as an associate member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered
     Governance Institute in the United Kingdom in 2017, a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
     Public Accountants in 2003 and a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in
     2006.




96   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Independent auditor’s report to the members of
Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (“the
Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 105 to 209, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at December 31, 2022, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement
of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended and notes to the
consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at December 31, 2022 and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and
have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities
for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group
in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) and we have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022   97
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
     audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in
     the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
     thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

      Revenue Recognition
      Refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 134 to 136.
      The Key Audit Matter                                         How the matter was addressed in our audit
      The Group’s revenue principally comprises sales              Our audit procedures to assess the timing of
      of pharmaceutical products to the distributors and           revenue recognition included the following:
      fee charged for provision of promotion service.
                                                                   •    obtaining an understanding of and assessing
      The Group enters into framework distribution                      the design, implementation and operating
      agreements with all distributors which specify                    effectiveness of management’s key internal
      the terms of sales relating to pricing, goods                     controls in relation to revenue recognition;
      acceptance and return, as well as credit terms.
      The Group’s distribution agreements do not permit            •    inspecting a sample of framework distribution

      sales returns except for where the products are                   agreements, purchase order and promotion

      defective, which is subject to approval by the                    service contracts with key customers to

      Group’s authorized personnel. For the promotion                   identify terms and conditions relating to goods

      service, the Group renews the promotion service                   or service acceptance and the right of return

      c o ntr a c ts en tered i n to wi th p h arma c eut ic al         and assessing the Group’s policies in respect

      manufacturers annually which specifies the                        of the timing of recognition of revenue with

      products to be promoted, the promotion period and                 reference to the requirements of the prevailing

      intended activities.                                              accounting standards;

      Revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical products             •    inspecting goods acceptance records or
      i s r ec o g n i sed at th e p oi n t i n ti me w hen t he        promotion service reconciliation records, on
      customer takes possession of and accepts the                      a sample basis, to assess whether revenue
      products. Promotion service income is recognised                  transactions recorded just before and after the
      when the Group satisfies its promise to arrange                   financial year end date had been recognised in
      for the pharmaceutical products to be provided by                 the appropriate financial period on the basis of
      supplier to the customer.                                         the terms set out in the framework distribution
                                                                        agreements;




98   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS - continued

 Revenue Recognition
 Refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 134 to 136.
 The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit
 We identified the timing of revenue recognition         •    inspecting underlying documentation like
 as a key audit matter because revenue is                     reconciliation records, the list of dispatched
 one of the key performance indicators of the                 but not accepted products for manual
 Group and therefore there is an inherent risk                journal entries and adjustments relating to
 of manipulation of the timing of recognition of              revenue recorded during the year which were
 revenue by management to meet specific targets               considered to be material or met other specific
 or expectations.                                             risk-based criteria; and

                                                         •    inspecting actual sales returns and credit
                                                              notes recorded after the financial year end and
                                                              evaluating whether the related adjustments to
                                                              revenue had been recorded in the appropriate
                                                              financial period.

 Loss allowances for trade receivables
 Refer to note 35(a) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 124 to 128.
 The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit
 As at December 31, 2022, the gross amount               Our audit procedures to assess the timing of
 of the Group’s trade receivables totaled                revenue recognition included the following:
 RMB1,871,314,000, against which a loss allowance
                                                         •    obtaining an understanding of and assessing
 of RMB24,675,000 for expected credit losses (ECL)
                                                              the design, implementation and operating
 was recorded. The Group’s trade receivables
                                                              effectiveness of key internal controls
 mainly arose from sales of pharmaceutical
                                                              relating to credit control, debt collection and
 products.
                                                              estimating the credit loss allowance;
 The Group measures the loss allowance at an
                                                         •    evaluating the Group’s policy for estimating
 amount equal to the lifetime ECL of the trade
                                                              the credit loss allowance with reference to
 receivables based on estimated loss rates for each
                                                              the requirements of the prevailing accounting
 category of trade receivables grouped according
                                                              standards;
 to the shared credit risk characteristics. The
 estimated loss rates take into account the ageing       •    assessing whether items were correctly
 of trade receivable balances, the repayment                  categorised in the trade receivables ageing
 history of the Group’s customers, current market             report by comparing individual items therein
 conditions and forward-looking information. Such             with sales invoices and other relevant
 assessment involves significant management                   underlying documentation, on a sample basis;
 judgement and estimation.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022   99
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      KEY AUDIT MATTERS - continued

       Loss allowances for trade receivables
       Refer to note 35(a) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 124 to 128.
       The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit
       We identified the expected credit loss allowance        •    obtaining an understanding of the key
       for trade receivables as a key audit matter because          parameters and assumptions of the expected
       determining the level of the loss allowance                  credit loss model adopted by the management,
       requires the exercise of significant management              including the basis of segmentation of the
       judgement which is inherently subjective.                    accounts receivable based on credit risk
                                                                    characteristics of customers and the historical
                                                                    default data in management’s estimated loss
                                                                    rates;

                                                               •    assessing the reasonableness of management’s
                                                                    loss allowance estimates by examining the
                                                                    information used by management to form
                                                                    such judgements, including testing the
                                                                    accuracy of the historical default data and
                                                                    evaluating whether the historical loss rates
                                                                    are appropriately adjusted based on current
                                                                    economic conditions and forward-looking
                                                                    information; and

                                                               •    re-performing the calculation of the loss
                                                                    allowance as at December 31, 2022 based on
                                                                    the Group’s credit loss allowance policies.

       Fair value measurement for investments with no quoted market prices in active markets
       Refer to note 35(e) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 117 to 118.
       The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit
       The Group made investments in a wide variety of         Our audit procedures to assess the fair value of
       investment funds and companies in healthcare            investments with no quoted market prices in active
       sector to broaden the access to potential R&D           markets included the following:
       collaboration opportunities.
                                                               •    obtaining an understanding of and assessing
                                                                    the design and implementation of key internal
                                                                    control relating to fair value measurement for
                                                                    investments with no quoted market prices on
                                                                    active markets;

                                                               •    obtaining confirmations directly from the
                                                                    investment fund managers to confirm the
                                                                    existence and the valuation of the Group’s
                                                                    investments in the funds;


100   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS - continued

 Fair value measurement for investments with no quoted market prices in active markets
 Refer to note 35(e) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 117 to 118.
 The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit
 Those qualified investments are accounted for           •    comparing the net asset value of each fund
 as financial assets at fair value through profit             as reported in the most recently available
 or loss (“FVPL”) or financial assets at fair value           audited financial statements to the investment
 through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”)                 fund managers’ original estimates of the
 under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments. At December              investment valuation and assessing whether
 31, 2022, the fair value of unlisted investments             this has resulted in any material valuation
 with no quoted market prices in active markets is            adjustment;
 RMB887,261,000, which were classified under the
                                                         •    for investment in companies, obtaining and
 fair value hierarchy as level 3.
                                                              inspecting the valuation assessment prepared
 The fair value of these investments with no quoted           by the external valuers engaged by the
 market prices in active markets are determined               management and on which the assessment of
 based on valuation techniques which require                  the fair values of the Group’s financial assets
 significant unobservable inputs. The investment              was based;
 funds have been valued based on valuations
                                                         •    assessing the external valuers’ qualifications,
 performed by the investment fund managers as
                                                              experience and expertise in the assets being
 at December 31, 2022. Investments in companies
                                                              valued and considering their objectivity;
 were assessed by the management primarily
 based on independent valuation reports prepared         •    with the assistance of our internal valuation
 by a firm of qualified external valuers or recent            specialists, on a sample basis, discussing with
 market transactions.                                         the external valuers, without the presence of
                                                              management, and assessing their valuation
 We identified the fair value measurement for these
                                                              methodologies in estimating the fair values of
 investments at reporting date as a key audit matter
                                                              unlisted equity securities; assessing the key
 because judgement and estimation are required in
                                                              assumptions and critical judgements adopted
 establishing the relevant valuation techniques and
                                                              and significant unobservable inputs used
 the relevant inputs thereof.
                                                              which impacted the valuation by comparing
                                                              them with market data;

                                                         •    assessing whether the recent market transactions
                                                              used by management to establish the fair
                                                              value of investments are appropriate; and

                                                         •    assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures
                                                              in the consolidated financial statements with
                                                              reference to the requirements of the prevailing
                                                              accounting standards.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022   101
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S
      REPORT THEREON

      The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the
      information included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our
      auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
      other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
      the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
      materially misstated.

      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
      information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


      RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
      and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
      and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
      consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
      ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
      the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
      operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
      Group’s financial reporting process.


      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
      as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
      report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section
      405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
      towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
      accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
      can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
      could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
      consolidated financial statements.




102   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -
continued

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
     whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
     obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
     of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
     error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or the
     override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
     that are appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
     effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
     estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
     and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
     or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
     If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
     report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
     inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
     date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to
     continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
     including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
     underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
     business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
     We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
     solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters
that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to
eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022   103
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -
      continued

      From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of
      most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
      therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
      precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
      a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
      reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Fung Ping Kwong.




      Certified Public Accountants
      8th Floor, Prince’s Building
      10 Chater Road
      Central, Hong Kong

      March 31, 2023




104   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                  NOTES                2022               2021
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
 Revenue                                                             4            6,319,096          4,999,718
 Cost of sales                                                                   (1,322,246)        (1,079,983)

 Gross profit                                                                     4,996,850          3,919,735
 Other income                                                       5(a)            172,260            149,510
 Other net gain                                                     5(b)            254,264          1,215,210
 Research and development costs                                                  (1,728,269)        (1,416,721)
 Selling and distribution expenses                                               (2,402,371)        (2,036,705)
 Administrative and other operating expenses                                       (444,201)          (366,657)
 Reversal/(recognition) of impairment loss on
   trade and other receivables                                                       13,972            (15,828)

 Profit from operations                                                             862,505          1,448,544

 Finance income                                                     6(a)             59,867             68,287
 Finance costs                                                      6(a)            (34,408)           (70,848)

 Net finance income/(costs)                                                          25,459              (2,561)

 Share of profits/(losses) of associates                             16                 115            (43,916)
 Share of profits/(losses) of a joint venture                        17                  75                (270)

 Profit before taxation                                              6              888,154          1,401,797
 Income tax                                                          7               40,478             97,124

 Profit for the year                                                                928,632          1,498,921

 Attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company                                                 932,768          1,507,096
 Non-controlling interest                                                            (4,136)             (8,175)

 Profit for the year                                                                928,632          1,498,921

 Earnings per share                                                  11
 Basic (RMB)                                                                           0.36                0.58

 Diluted (RMB)                                                                         0.36                0.58




The notes on pages 113 to 209 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to
equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in Note 31(b).

                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022   105
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      For the year ended December 31, 2022
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                      NOTES       2022         2021
                                                                               RMB’000     RMB’000
       Profit for the year                                                     928,632     1,498,921

       Other comprehensive income for the year
         (after tax adjustments)                                        10
       Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
       Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
         income (FVOCI) — net movement in fair value reserves
         (non-recycling), net of tax                                           (156,346)     16,372
       Exchange difference on translation of financial statements              176,813       (59,356)

       Other comprehensive income for the year                                  20,467       (42,984)

       Total comprehensive income for the year                                 949,099     1,455,937

       Attributable to:
       Equity shareholders of the Company                                      953,235     1,464,112
       Non-controlling interest                                                  (4,136)      (8,175)

       Total comprehensive income for the year                                 949,099     1,455,937




      The notes on pages 113 to 209 form part of these financial statements.


106   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                 (Expressed in Renminbi)



                                                                         December 31,    December 31,
                                                                NOTES           2022               2021
                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000
 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                    12        2,135,781         1,931,212
 Intangible assets                                                 13         379,896            59,691
 Goodwill                                                          14         172,788           172,788
 Interest in an associate                                          16           4,978             4,863
 Interest in a joint venture                                       17           4,477             4,402
 Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       22          97,470            76,564
 Financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                      18         137,774           291,727
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss             19       2,056,700         1,940,375
 Time deposits                                                   23(c)         10,752           410,000
 Deferred tax assets                                             28(b)        326,713           289,972

                                                                            5,327,329         5,181,594

 Current assets
 Inventories                                                      20          302,373           235,157
 Trade and bills receivables                                       21       2,337,443         2,398,767
 Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       22         165,698           140,034
 Taxation recoverable                                            28(a)          6,506            16,789
 Pledged deposits                                                23(b)           560              1,580
 Restricted deposits                                             23(b)         19,378             4,005
 Time deposits                                                   23(c)        964,226         1,210,078
 Cash and cash equivalents                                       23(a)      1,657,600           973,139

                                                                            5,453,784         4,979,549

 Current liabilities
 Bank loans                                                       24        1,292,067         1,530,085
 Lease liabilities                                                 25          58,756            31,558
 Trade and bills payables                                          26         334,444           323,951
 Other payables and accruals                                       27       1,267,899         1,162,014
 Taxation payable                                                28(a)         10,562            16,155

                                                                            2,963,728         3,063,763

 Net current assets                                                         2,490,056         1,915,786

 Total assets less current liabilities                                      7,817,385         7,097,380




The notes on pages 113 to 209 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022   107
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
      (Expressed in Renminbi)



                                                                               December 31,       December 31,
                                                                      NOTES                2022          2021
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000
       Non-current liabilities
       Lease liabilities                                                25             155,921          74,239
       Deferred income                                                  29             403,350         417,613
       Deferred tax liabilities                                        28(b)           115,291         142,771

                                                                                       674,562         634,623

       NET ASSETS                                                                  7,142,823         6,462,757

       CAPITAL AND RESERVES
       Share capital                                                    31         3,081,131         3,002,871
       Reserves                                                         31         4,045,630         3,434,126

       Total equity attributable to equity shareholders
         of the Company                                                            7,126,761         6,436,997
       Non-controlling interest                                                         16,062          25,760

       TOTAL EQUITY                                                                7,142,823         6,462,757


      Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on March 31, 2023.




                           Ren Jinsheng                                        Wan Yushan
                                Director                                        Director




      The notes on pages 113 to 209 form part of these financial statements.


108   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                               Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                  Fair value
                                                                          PRC                       reserve                                        Non-
                                               Share      Other      statutory     Exchange           (non-         Retained                  controlling       Total
                                NOTES         capital    reserve       reserve       reserve       recycling)         profits        Total       interest      equity
                                            RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
Balance at January 1, 2021                  3,002,871     61,261       536,899        (61,785)      152,005         1,610,538    5,301,789        33,935    5,335,724

Changes in equity for 2021:
Profit for the year                                —          —             —              —              —         1,507,096    1,507,096        (8,175)   1,498,921
Other comprehensive income         10              —          —             —         (59,356)       16,372                —       (42,984)            —      (42,984)

Total comprehensive income                         —          —             —         (59,356)       16,372         1,507,096    1,464,112        (8,175)   1,455,937

Appropriation of reserve        31(d)(ii)          —          —        155,296             —              —          (155,296)          —              —           —
Disposal of financial assets
  at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                             —          —             —              —         (30,927)         30,927            —              —           —
Equity settled share-based
  transactions                     30              —      62,392            —              —              —                —       62,392              —      62,392
Appropriation of dividends       31(b)             —          —             —              —              —          (391,296)    (391,296)            —     (391,296)

Balance at December 31, 2021                3,002,871    123,653       692,195       (121,141)      137,450         2,601,969    6,436,997        25,760    6,462,757




The notes on pages 113 to 209 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022         109
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
      For the year ended December 31, 2022
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                                    Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                         Fair value
                                                                                              PRC                          reserve                                      Non-
                                                               Share      Other          statutory       Exchange            (non-       Retained                 controlling       Total
                                                 Note         capital   reserve            reserve         reserve        recycling)       profits       Total       interest      equity
                                                            RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
      Balance at January 1, 2022                            3,002,871   123,653           692,195         (121,141)        137,450       2,601,969   6,436,997        25,760    6,462,757

      Changes in equity for 2022:
      Profit for the year                                          —          —                 —               —               —         932,768     932,768         (4,136)    928,632
      Other comprehensive income                   10              —          —                 —          176,813        (156,346)             —      20,467             —       20,467

      Total comprehensive income                                   —          —                 —          176,813        (156,346)       932,768     953,235         (4,136)    949,099

      Appropriation of reserve                  31(d)(ii)          —          —             82,193              —               —          82,193           —             —            —
      Acquisition of non-controlling interest                      —     (10,465)               —               —               —               —      (10,465)       (5,562)     (16,027)
      Equity settled share-based transactions      30              —    138,290                 —               —               —               —     138,290             —      138,290
      Vesting of restricted shares               31(c)        78,260     (78,260)               —               —               —               —           —             —            —
      Appropriation of dividends                 31(b)             —          —                 —               —               —        (391,296)   (391,296)            —     (391,296)

      Balance at December 31, 2022                          3,081,131   173,218           774,388           55,672         (18,896)      3,061,248   7,126,761        16,062    7,142,823




      The notes on pages 113 to 209 form part of these financial statements.


110   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                               CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                                   (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                  NOTES            2022               2021
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
 Operating activities
 Cash generated from/(used in) operations                         23(d)       1,347,616           (187,270)
 Tax refund/(paid)                                                28(a)           7,096            (14,700)

 Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                       1,354,712           (201,970)

 Investing activities


 Payment for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment                  (342,815)          (209,488)
 Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                            273              5,906
 Payment for the acquisition of intangible assets                              (335,190)                 —
 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                                —              55,139
 Payment for acquisition of financial assets measured at
   fair value through other comprehensive income                                (30,000)                 —
 Dividends received from financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                               195,928            289,432
 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets measured at
   fair value through profit or loss                                            124,287            392,471
 Payment for acquisition of financial assets measured at
   fair value through profit or loss                                           (271,106)          (469,324)
 Decrease/(increase) in time deposits                                           700,000         (1,020,078)
 Payment for acquisition of interest in associates                                   —             (53,053)
 Payment for deposits for investment                                            (43,680)                 —
 Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries                                              —              97,699
 Proceeds from trading securities                                                    —               3,514
 Loans repaid by related parties                                                     —             445,830
 Interest received                                                               70,609             26,449

 Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                          68,306           (435,503)




The notes on pages 113 to 209 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022   111
      CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
      For the year ended December 31, 2022
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                      NOTES         2022          2021
                                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000
       Financing activities
       Capital element of lease rentals paid                           23(e)      (49,146)      (41,359)
       Interest element of lease rentals paid                          23(e)       (6,754)       (6,984)
       Proceeds from new bank loans                                    23(e)     916,932     1,027,150
       Repayment of bank loans                                         23(e)   (1,184,161)   (2,463,778)
       Interest paid                                                   23(e)      (23,229)      (63,864)
       Decrease in pledged deposits for bank loans                                     —       315,600
       Acquisition of non-controlling interest                           15       (16,027)           —
       Dividends paid to equity shareholders of the Company            31(b)    (391,296)     (391,296)

       Net cash used in financing activities                                    (753,681)    (1,624,531)



       Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                      669,337     (2,262,004)


       Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year          23(a)     973,139     3,270,241


       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                    15,124        (35,098)

       Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                23(a)   1,657,600       973,139




      The notes on pages 113 to 209 form part of these financial statements.


112   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Hong Kong on
    November 30, 2015 as a limited liability company with its registered office at 43/F, AIA Tower, 183
    Electric Road, North Point, Hong Kong. The Company’s shares were listed on the Main Board of the
    Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on October 27, 2020. The Company is an investment holding
    company. The Company and its subsidiaries (together, “the Group”) are principally engaged in the
    research and development, manufacturing and sales of pharmaceutical products as well as rendering
    promotion service of pharmaceutical products that are not manufactured by the Group.


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    (a)   Statement of compliance

          These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong
          Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) which collective term includes all applicable
          individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards
          (“HKAS”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
          (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the requirements of the
          Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the applicable
          disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
          Hong Kong Limited. Significant accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed below.

          The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective or available for
          early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information
          on any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments
          to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current accounting periods reflected in
          these financial statements.


    (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements

          The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022
          comprise the Company and its subsidiaries and the Group’s interest in an associate and a joint
          venture.

          The measurement basis used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements is the
          historical cost basis except that the certain assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as
          explained in the accounting policies as set out below.

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management
          to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and
          reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated
          assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed
          to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the
          judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
          other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022   113
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements - continued

                 The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
                 accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
                 affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects
                 both current and future periods.

                 Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on
                 the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 3.


           (c)   Changes in accounting policies

                 The HKICPA has issued the following amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective for the
                 current accounting period of the Group:

                 •    Amendments to HKAS 16, Property, plant and equipment: Proceeds before intended use

                 •    Amendments to HKAS 37, Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets: Onerous
                      contracts — cost of fulfilling a contract

                 None of these developments have had a material effect on how the Group’s results and financial
                 position for the current or prior periods have been prepared or presented. The Group has not
                 applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting
                 period.


           (d)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interest

                 Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is
                 exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability
                 to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has
                 power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

                 An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from
                 the date that control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances and
                 transactions and cash flows and any unrealized profits arising from intra-group transactions are
                 eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealized losses resulting
                 from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealized gains but only to the
                 extent that there is no evidence of impairment.




114   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (d)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interest - continued

          Non-controlling interest represents the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or
          indirectly to the Company, and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional
          terms with the holders of those interests which would result in the Group as a whole having
          a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition of a financial
          liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling
          interest either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the
          subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.

          Non-controlling interest is presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within
          equity, separately from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-
          controlling interest in the results of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated
          statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
          comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive
          income for the year between non-controlling interest and the equity shareholders of the
          Company. Loans from holders of non-controlling interest and other contractual obligations
          towards these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of
          financial position in accordance with Notes 2(p) or (q) depending on the nature of the liability.

          Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are
          accounted for as equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of
          controlling and non-controlling interest within consolidated equity to reflect the change in
          relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognized.

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire
          interest in that subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognized in profit or loss. Any
          interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognized at fair
          value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see
          Note 2(g)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate
          or joint venture (see Note 2(e)).

          In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost
          less impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or
          included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale).




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022   115
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (e)   Associates and joint ventures

                 An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint
                 control, over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy
                 decisions.

                 A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group and other parties contractually agree to
                 share control of the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

                 An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial
                 statements under the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a
                 disposal group that is classified as held for sale). Under the equity method, the investment is
                 initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the acquisition-date fair
                 values of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any). The cost
                 of the investment includes purchase price, other costs directly attributable to the acquisition of
                 the investment, and any direct investment into the associate or joint venture that forms part of
                 the Group’s equity investment. Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition
                 change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets and any impairment loss relating to
                 the investment (see Note 2(k)(ii)). At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there is
                 any objective evidence that the investment is impaired. Any acquisition-date excess over cost,
                 the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment
                 losses for the year are recognized in the consolidated statements of profit or loss, whereas
                 the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive
                 income is recognized in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                 income.

                 When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the
                 Group’s interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the
                 extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf
                 of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment
                 under the equity method together with any other long-term interests that in substance form part
                 of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture.

                 Unrealized profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associates
                 or the joint venture are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except
                 where unrealized losses provide evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred, in which
                 case they are recognized immediately in profit or loss.

                 When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over
                 a joint venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a
                 resulting gain or loss being recognized in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former
                 investee at the date when significant influence or joint control is lost is recognized at fair value
                 and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note
                 2(g)).




116   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (f)   Goodwill

          Goodwill represents the excess of

          (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
                 controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity
                 interest in the acquiree; over

          (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the
                 acquisition date.

          When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a gain
          on a bargain purchase.

          Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business
          combination is allocated to each cash-generating unit, or groups of cash generating units,
          that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination and is tested annually for
          impairment (see Note 2(k)(ii)).

          On disposal of a cash generating unit during the year, any attributable amount of purchased
          goodwill is included in the calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.


    (g)   Other investments in debt and equity securities

          The Group’s policies for investments in debt and equity securities, other than investments in
          subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, are set out below.

          Investments in debt and equity securities are recognized/derecognized on the date the Group
          commits to purchase/sell the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus
          directly attributable transaction costs, except for those investments measured at fair value
          through profit or loss (FVPL) for which transaction costs are recognized directly in profit or
          loss. For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see
          Note 35(e). These investments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their
          classification.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022   117
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (g)   Other investments in debt and equity securities - continued

                 (i)    Investments other than equity investments

                        Non-equity investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following
                        measurement categories:

                        —    amortized cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows
                             which represent solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the
                             investment is calculated using the effective interest method (see Note 2(u)(ii)(b)).

                        —    fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) — recycling, if the contractual
                             cash flows of the investment comprise solely payments of principal and interest and
                             the investment is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both the
                             collection of contractual cash flows and sale. Changes in fair value are recognised in
                             other comprehensive income, except for the recognition in profit or loss of expected
                             credit losses, interest income (calculated using the effective interest method) and
                             foreign exchange gains and losses. When the investment is derecognised, the amount
                             accumulated in other comprehensive income is recycled from equity to profit or loss.

                        —    fair value at profit or loss (FVPL) if the investment does not meet the criteria for being
                             measured at amortized cost or FVOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the
                             investment (including interest) are recognized in profit or loss.


                 (ii)   Equity investments

                        An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless the equity investment is not
                        held for trading purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes
                        an irrevocable election to designate the investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that
                        subsequent changes in fair value are recognized in other comprehensive income. Such
                        elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the
                        investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. Where such an
                        election is made, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in
                        the fair value reserve (non-recycling) until the investment is disposed of. At the time of
                        disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to
                        retained earnings. It is not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in
                        equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognized in
                        profit or loss as other net gain in accordance with the policy set out in Note 2(u)(ii)(d).




118   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (h)   Property, plant and equipment

          The following items of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
          depreciation and impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)):

          —    right-of-use assets arising from leasehold properties where the Group is not the registered
               owner of the property interest; and

          —    items of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of
               underlying plant and equipment (see Note 2(j)).

          The cost of self-constructed items of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of
          materials, direct labor, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and
          removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located, and an appropriate
          proportion of overheads and borrowing costs (see Note 2(w)).

          Items may be produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the
          location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
          management. The proceeds from selling any such items and the related costs are recognised in
          profit or loss.

          Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and
          equipment are determined as the difference between the estimated net disposal proceeds and
          the carrying amount of the item and are recognized in profit or loss on the date of retirement or
          disposal.

          Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of property, plant and equipment, less their
          estimated residual value, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives
          as follows:

                                                                                       Estimated useful life
           Leasehold land (see Note 2(j))                                          over the period of leases
           Plant and buildings                                       10–20 years or unexpired lease terms
           Machinery and equipment                                                                  3–10 years
           Furniture, fixtures and office equipment                                                  3–5 years
           Motor vehicles                                                                           5–10 years

          Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost is
          allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both
          the useful life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022   119
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (h)   Property, plant and equipment - continued

                 Construction in progress represents properties under construction and machinery and
                 equipment pending installation and is stated at cost (which is, in the case of assets acquired in
                 a business combination, the acquisition date fair value) less impairment losses (see Note 2(k)
                 (ii)). Cost comprises the purchase costs of the asset and the related construction and installation
                 costs.

                 Construction in progress is transferred to property, plant and equipment when the asset is ready
                 for its intended use and depreciation will be provided at the appropriate rates in accordance with
                 the depreciation polices specified above.

                 No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress.


           (i)   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)


                 (i)    Research and development expenditures

                        Expenditure on research activities is recognized as an expense in the period in which it
                        is incurred. Expenditure on development activities is capitalized if the product or process
                        is technically and commercially feasible and the Group has sufficient resources and the
                        intention to complete development. The expenditure capitalized includes the costs of
                        materials, direct labour, and an appropriate proportion of overheads. Other development
                        expenditure is recognized as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.


                 (ii)   Intangible assets acquired through business combinations

                        The developed technology, Good Supply Practice (“GSP”) licenses and product trademarks
                        of the Group are associated with different products arising from various business
                        combinations and acquisitions from third parties. These intangible assets that are acquired
                        by the Group are stated at cost less accumulated amortization (where the estimated useful
                        life is finite) and impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)).

                        Amortization of these intangible assets is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis
                        from the date they are available for use over the assets’ estimated useful lives as follows:

                                                                                           Estimated useful Lives
                          Developed technology                                                        10 - 16 years
                          GSP licenses                                                                    3 - 5 years
                          Product trademarks                                                             6 - 10 years




120   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (i)   Intangible assets (other than goodwill) - continued


          (ii)    Intangible assets acquired through business combinations - continued

                  The useful lives of developed technology and product trademarks are estimated based on
                  the remaining period of economic benefits to be derived from the respective products to
                  be produced relying on the acquired developed technology and product trademarks. The
                  Group estimates the period of economic benefits to be derived from the respective products
                  based on the expected time period required for a pharmaceutical drug development from
                  its discovery to commercialization and other factors, including the patent protection period,
                  the historical life of similar products, the characteristics of such technologies, their update
                  frequency and market requirement and competition.

                  The Group considers that the maximum economic useful life of developed technology
                  and product trademarks held by the Group is 16 years and 10 years, respectively. As the
                  different products have different commercialization commencement dates, acquisition
                  dates by the Group and the expected lifespan of economic benefits, the useful life of the
                  Group’s developed technology and product trademarks varies at a range of 10 - 16 and
                  6 - 10 years, respectively. The useful lives of GSP licenses are estimated based on the
                  remaining valid period of the GSP licenses.


          (iii)   Intangible assets not ready for use

                  The exclusive commercialization right and in-licensed right are associated with
                  different innovative drugs under development, separately acquired from third parties.
                  These intangible assets that are acquired by the Group are measured at cost on initial
                  recognition.

                  The amortization of exclusive commercialization right and in-licensed right will commence
                  from the date when the underlying products are put into commercial production. These
                  intangible assets not ready for use will not be amortized but tested for impairment annually
                  either individually or at the cash generating unit level. Intangible assets are not amortized
                  while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. Any conclusion that the useful life
                  of an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to determine whether events and
                  circumstances continue to support the indefinite useful life assessment for that asset. If
                  they do not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted
                  for prospectively from the date of change and in accordance with the policy for amortization
                  of intangible assets with finite lives as set out above.

                  Both the period and method of amortization are reviewed annually.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022   121
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (j)   Leased assets

                 At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A
                 contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
                 asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer
                 has both the right to direct the use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the
                 economic benefits from that use.

                 (i)   As a lessee

                       Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group
                       has elected not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component
                       and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.

                       At the lease commencement date, the Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease
                       liability, except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and
                       leases of low-value assets. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value
                       asset, the Group decides whether to capitalize the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The
                       lease payments associated with those leases which are not capitalized are recognized as
                       an expense on a systematic basis over the lease term.

                       Where the lease is capitalized, the lease liability is initially recognized at the present
                       value of the lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest
                       rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant
                       incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at
                       amortized cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest method.
                       Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the
                       measurement of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting
                       period in which they are incurred.

                       The right-of-use asset recognized when a lease is capitalized is initially measured at cost,
                       which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or
                       before the commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the
                       cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove
                       the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located,
                       discounted to their present value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset
                       is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see
                       Notes 2(h) and 2(k)(ii)).

                       The initial fair value of refundable rental deposits is accounted for separately from the
                       right-of-use assets in accordance with the accounting policy applicable to investments
                       in debt securities carried at amortized cost (see Notes 2(g)(i), 2(u)(ii)(b) and 2(k)(i)). Any
                       difference between the initial fair value and the nominal value of the deposits is accounted
                       for as additional lease payments made and is included in the cost of right-of-use assets.




122   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (j)   Leased assets - continued

          (i)    As a lessee - continued

                 The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising
                 from a change in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the
                 amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change
                 arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will be reasonably certain to exercise
                 a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this
                 way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset,
                 or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been
                 reduced to zero.

                 The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the
                 consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease
                 modification”) that is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is
                 remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount
                 rate at the effective date of the modification. The only exceptions are rent concessions that
                 occurred as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and met the conditions set
                 out in paragraph 46B of HKFRS 16 Leases. In such cases, the Group has taken advantage of
                 the practical expedient not to assess whether the rent concessions are lease modifications,
                 and recognised the change in consideration as negative variable lease payments in profit
                 or loss in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the rent concessions
                 occurred.

                 In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease
                 liabilities is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be
                 settled within twelve months after the reporting period.

                 The Group presents right-of-use assets in ‘property, plant and equipment’ and presents
                 ‘lease liabilities’ separately in the consolidated statement of financial position.


          (ii)   As a lessor

                 When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a
                 finance lease or an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers
                 substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets
                 to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified as an operating lease.

                 When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the
                 consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price
                 basis. The rental income from operating leases is recognized in accordance with Note
                 2(u)(ii)(a).




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022   123
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets

                 (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments

                       The Group recognizes a loss allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) on financial
                       assets measured at amortized cost (including cash and cash equivalents, trade and other
                       receivables and loans to related parties and third parties).

                       Financial assets measured at fair value are not subject to the ECL assessment.


                       Measurement of ECLs

                       ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as
                       the present value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows
                       due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects
                       to receive).

                       The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following discount rates where the
                       effect of discounting is material:

                       —    fixed-rate financial assets and trade and other receivables: effective interest rate
                            determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof; and

                       —    variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate.

                       The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period
                       over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                       In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information
                       that is available without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events,
                       current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                       ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                       —    12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default
                            events within the 12 months after the reporting date; and

                       —    lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default
                            events over the expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.




124   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets - continued

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments - continued

                Measurement of ECLs - continued

                Loss allowances for trade and other receivables are always measured at an amount equal
                to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix
                based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific
                to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic
                conditions at the reporting date.

                For all other financial instruments, the Group recognizes a loss allowance equal to
                12-month ECLs unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial
                instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is measured at an
                amount equal to lifetime ECLs.


                Significant increases in credit risk

                In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly
                since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the
                financial instrument assessed at the reporting date with that assessed at the date of
                initial recognition. In making this reassessment, the Group considers that a default event
                occurs when (i) the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full,
                without recourse by the Group to actions such as realizing security (if any is held); or (ii)
                the financial asset is twelve months past due. The Group considers both quantitative and
                qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience
                and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

                In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether
                credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition:

                —    failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

                —    an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or
                     internal credit rating (if available);

                —    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
                     and

                —    existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal
                     environment that have a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its
                     obligation to the Group.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022   125
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets - continued

                 (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments - continued

                       Significant increases in credit risk - continued

                       Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant
                       increase in credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When
                       the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped
                       based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

                       ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial
                       instrument’s credit risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is
                       recognized as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. The Group recognizes an
                       impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to
                       their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.


                       Basis of calculation of interest income

                       Interest income recognized in accordance with Note 2(u)(ii)(b) is calculated based on the
                       gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired,
                       in which case interest income is calculated based on the amortized cost (i.e. the gross
                       carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset.

                       At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A
                       financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact
                       on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                       Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                       —    significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                       —    a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal
                            payments;

                       —    it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial
                            reorganization;

                       —    significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that
                            have an adverse effect on the debtor; or

                       —    the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of
                            the issuer.




126   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets - continued

          (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments - continued

                 Write-off policy

                 The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to
                 the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when
                 the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could
                 generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                 Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognized as a
                 reversal of impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.


          (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets

                 Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting
                 period to identify indications that the following assets may be impaired or, except in the
                 case of goodwill, an impairment loss previously recognized no longer exists or may have
                 decreased:

                 —    property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets;

                 —    intangible assets;

                 —    goodwill;

                 —    interest in associates and joint ventures; and

                 —    interest in subsidiaries in the Company’s statement of financial position.

                 If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition,
                 for goodwill, the recoverable amount is estimated annually whether or not there is any
                 indication of impairment:

                 —    Calculation of recoverable amount

                      The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of sale
                      and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
                      discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
                      market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.
                      Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent of those from
                      other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets
                      that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit). A portion
                      of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (for example, head office building) is
                      allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if the allocation can be done on a
                      reasonable and consistent basis, or to the smallest group of cash-generating units if
                      otherwise.



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022   127
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets - continued

                 (ii)    Impairment of other non-current assets - continued

                         —     Recognition of impairment losses

                               An impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset,
                               or the cash-generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount.
                               Impairment losses recognized in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first
                               to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit
                               (or group of units) and then, to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the
                               unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset
                               will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs to sell, or value in use (if
                               determinable).

                         —     Reversals of impairment losses

                               In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has
                               been a favorable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.
                               An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

                               A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that
                               would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized in prior years.
                               Reversals of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the
                               reversals are recognized.


                 (iii)   Interim financial reporting and impairment

                         Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                         Limited, the group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with
                         HKAS 34, Interim financial reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial
                         year. At the end of the interim period, the Group applies the same impairment testing,
                         recognition, and reversal criteria as it would at the end of the financial year (see Notes
                         2(k)(i) and (ii)).

                         Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed
                         in a subsequent period. This is the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been
                         recognised had the impairment been assessed only at the end of the financial year to which
                         the interim period relates.




128   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (l)   Inventories

          Inventories are assets which are held for sale in the ordinary course of business, in the process
          of production for such sale or in the form of materials or supplies to be consumed in the
          production process or in the rendering of services.

          Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realizable value.

          Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase,
          costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location
          and condition. In the case of work in progress, costs include direct labour and appropriate share
          of overheads based on normal operating capacity.

          Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
          estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

          When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognized as an expense
          in the period in which the related revenue is recognized.

          The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realizable value and all losses of inventories
          are recognized as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of
          any reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognized as a reduction in the amount of
          inventories recognized as an expense in the period in which the reversal occurs.

          A right to recover returned goods is recognised for the right to recover products from customers
          sold with a right of return. It is measured in accordance with the policy set out in Note 2(u).


    (m) Contract liabilities

          A contract liability is recognized when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before
          the Group recognizes the related revenue (see Note 2(u)). A contract liability would also be
          recognized if the Group has an unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration
          before the Group recognizes the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable
          would also be recognized (see Note 2(n)).


    (n)   Trade and other receivables

          A receivable is recognized when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration.
          A right to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before
          payment of that consideration is due.

          Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured
          at their transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and
          other receivables are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are
          subsequently stated at amortized cost, using the effective interest method and including an
          allowance for credit losses (see Note 2(k)(i)).




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022   129
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (o)   Cash and cash equivalents

                 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and
                 other financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible
                 into known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value,
                 having been within three months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are
                 assessed for expected credit losses (ECL) in accordance with the policy set out in Note 2(k)(i).


           (p)   Interest-bearing borrowings

                 Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs.
                 Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortized cost using
                 the effective interest method. Interest expense is recognized in accordance with the Group’s
                 accounting policy for borrowing costs (see Note 2(w)).


           (q)   Trade and other payables

                 Trade and other payables are initially recognized at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition,
                 trade and other payables are stated at amortized cost unless the effect of discounting would be
                 immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amount.


           (r)   Employee benefits

                 (i)   Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans

                       Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution
                       retirement plans and the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the
                       associated services are rendered by employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred
                       and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at their present values.

                       Contributions to local retirement schemes pursuant to the relevant labor rules and
                       regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Group’s subsidiaries located are recognized as
                       an expense in profit or loss as incurred, except to the extent that they are included in the
                       cost of inventories not yet recognized as an expense.




130   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (r)   Employee benefits - continued

          (ii)    Share-based payments

                  Restricted shares

                  The fair value of share-based payment awards (i.e. restricted shares) granted to employees
                  is recognized as an employee cost with a corresponding increase in other reserve within
                  equity. The fair value of the restricted shares is measured at grant date by reference to
                  the market price or the valuer’s valuation of the underlying shares. Where the employees
                  have to meet vesting conditions before becoming unconditionally entitled to the restricted
                  shares, the total estimated fair value of the restricted shares is spread over the vesting
                  period, taking into account the probability that the restricted shares will vest.

                  During the vesting period, the number of restricted shares that is expected to vest is
                  reviewed. Any resulting adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognized in prior years
                  is charged/credited to the profit or loss for the year of the review, unless the original
                  employee expenses qualify for recognition as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment
                  to the other reserve. On vesting date, the amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to
                  reflect the actual number of restricted shares that vest (with a corresponding adjustment
                  to the other reserve) except where forfeiture is only due to not achieving vesting conditions
                  that relate to the market price of the Company’s shares. The equity amount is recognized in
                  the other reserve until the restricted shares are vested (when it is included in the amount
                  recognised in share capital for the shares issued).


          (iii)   Termination benefits

                  Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer
                  withdraw the offer of those benefits and when it recognises restructuring costs involving
                  the payment of termination benefits.


    (s)   Income tax

          Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and
          liabilities. Current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in
          profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to items recognized in other comprehensive
          income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are recognized in other
          comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

          Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates
          enacted or substantively enacted at the end of each reporting period, and any adjustment to tax
          payable in respect of previous years.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022   131
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (s)   Income tax - continued

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences
                 respectively, being the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
                 financial reporting purposes and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax
                 losses and unused tax credits.

                 Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets
                 to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the
                 asset can be utilized, are recognized. Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of
                 deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences include those that will arise
                 from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those differences relate to
                 the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the
                 same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in periods into
                 which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same
                 criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary differences support
                 the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those
                 differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same
                 taxable entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit
                 can be utilized.

                 The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary
                 differences arising from the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither
                 accounting nor taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination), and
                 temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of
                 taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal and it is probable that the
                 differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences,
                 unless it is probable that they will reverse in the future.

                 The amount of deferred tax recognized is measured based on the expected manner of realization
                 or settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or
                 substantively enacted at the end of each reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
                 not discounted.

                 The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
                 is reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available
                 to allow the related tax benefit to be utilized. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it
                 becomes probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available.




132   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (s)   Income tax - continued

          Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognized when the
          liability to pay the related dividends is recognized.

          Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented
          separately from each other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax
          liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities, if the Group has the legally
          enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the following
          additional conditions are met:

          —    in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to
               settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

          —    in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the
               same taxation authority on either:

               —     the same taxable entity; or

               —     different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts
                     of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to
                     realize the current tax assets and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or
                     realize and settle simultaneously.


    (t)   Provisions and contingent liabilities

          Provisions are recognized when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a
          result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle
          the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material,
          provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation.

          Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount
          cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the
          probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence
          will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are
          also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
          remote.

          Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed
          by another party, a separate asset is recognized for any expected reimbursement that would
          be virtually certain. The amount recognized for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying
          amount of the provision.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022   133
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (u)   Revenue and other income

                 Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision
                 of services or the use by others of the Group’s assets in the ordinary course of the Group’s
                 business.

                 Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:


                 (i)   Revenue from contracts with customers

                       Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the
                       customer at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be
                       entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties such as value added
                       tax or other sales taxes.


                       (a)   Sale of pharmaceutical products

                             The Group enters into framework distribution agreements with all distributors which
                             specify the terms of sales relating to pricing, goods acceptance and return, as well as
                             credit terms. The Group’s distribution agreements do not permit sales returns except
                             for where the products are defective, which is subject to approval by the Group’s
                             quality control team. Revenue is recognized when the customer takes possession of
                             and accepts the products. Payment terms and conditions vary by customers and are
                             based on the billing schedule established in the contracts or purchase orders with
                             customers, but the Group generally provides credit terms to customers within 30
                             to 90 days upon customer acceptance. The Group takes advantage of the practical
                             expedient in paragraph 63 of HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration for any
                             effects of a significant financing component as the period of financing is 12 months or
                             less.


                       (b)   Promotion service income

                             Promotion service income is recognized when the Group satisfies its promise to
                             arrange for the pharmaceutical products to be provided by supplier to the customer.




134   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (u)   Revenue and other income - continued

          (i)   Revenue from contracts with customers - continued

                (c)   License income

                      When the Group grants a license of its intellectual property to customers in a contract
                      bundled with other promised goods or services, it determines whether the license
                      is a distinct performance obligation by assessing whether the customer can benefit
                      from the license on its own or together with other readily available resources and
                      the license is separately identifiable from other goods and services in the contract.
                      The Group considers relevant factors such as whether the other promised services
                      (e.g. manufacturing) are highly specialized or unique for the customer to realize the
                      benefits from the license and whether the Group would be able to fulfil its promise
                      to transfer the license independently of fulfilling its promise to subsequently provide
                      other goods or services.

                      The Group further assesses whether the nature of promise is to provide the customer
                      with a right to use the underlying intellectual property as it exists at the point in
                      time at which the license is granted, or a right to access the underlying intellectual
                      property as it exists throughout the license period. In considering whether license
                      revenue is recognized at a point in time or over time, the Group considers its
                      involvement and activities that it has promised to undertake during the licensing
                      period and the corresponding impact on the customer.

                      When the licensing arrangement contains variable consideration other than a
                      sales-based or usage-based royalty – such as development and/or regulatory
                      milestone payments from the licensee, the amount is estimated using the most
                      likely method based on whether the milestones are considered probable of being
                      achieved and included in the transaction price to the extent that it is highly probable
                      that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when
                      the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Milestone
                      payments subject to uncertainties that are outside the control of the Group or the
                      licensee, such as regulatory approvals, are generally constrained until the required
                      approvals are obtained. The estimated variable consideration is updated at each
                      reporting date to reflect the current facts and circumstances.

                      Sales-based or usage-based royalties (including milestone payments based on the
                      level of sales) are only recognized when (or as) the latter of two events occurs: (i)
                      the occurrence of subsequent sale or usage, and (ii) the (partial) satisfaction of the
                      performance obligation to which some or all of the sales- or usage-based royalty has
                      been allocated.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022   135
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (u)   Revenue and other income - continued

                 (ii)   Revenue from other sources and other income

                        (a)   Rental income from operating leases

                              Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognized in profit or loss
                              in equal instalments over the periods covered by the lease term, except where an
                              alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from
                              the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are recognized in profit or loss
                              as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable.


                        (b)   Interest income

                              Interest income is recognized as it accrues using the effective interest method using
                              the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected
                              life of the financial asset to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset.


                        (c)   Government grants

                              Government grants are recognized in the statement of financial position initially
                              when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will
                              comply with the conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group for
                              expenses incurred are recognized as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis
                              in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate
                              the Group for the cost of an asset are presented in the consolidated statements of
                              financial position by setting up the grant as deferred income and consequently are
                              effectively recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the useful life of the
                              asset.


                        (d)   Dividends

                              Dividend income from unlisted investments is recognized when the shareholder’s
                              right to receive payment is established.




136   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (v)   Translation of foreign currencies

          Foreign currency transactions are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
          transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
          translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange
          gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss.

          Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
          currency are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The
          transaction date is the date on which the Company initially recognizes such non-monetary
          assets or liabilities. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that
          are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the
          fair value was measured.

          The results of foreign operations are translated into RMB at the exchange rates approximating
          the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. The resulting exchange
          differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity
          in the exchange reserve.

          On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating
          to that foreign operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on
          disposal is recognized.


    (w) Borrowing costs

          Borrowing costs that directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an
          asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or
          sale are capitalized as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the
          period in which they are incurred.

          The capitalization of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences
          when expenditure for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and
          activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress.
          Capitalization of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases when substantially all the activities
          necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are interrupted or
          complete.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   137
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (x)   Related parties

                 (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                       (i)    has control or joint control over the Group;

                       (ii)   has significant influence over the Group; or

                       (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

                 (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                       (i)    The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each
                              parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                       (ii)   One entity is an associate or a joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or a
                              joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                       (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                       (iv)   One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
                              third entity.

                       (v)    The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                              Group or an entity related to the Group.

                       (vi)   The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                       (vii) A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of
                              the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                       (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                              personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

                 Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
                 influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




138   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (y)    Segment reporting

           Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial
           statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most
           senior executive management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the
           performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and geographical locations.

           Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes
           unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of
           the nature of products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of
           customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature
           of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be
           aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

    Key sources of estimation uncertainty

    Notes 14, 18, 19, 30 and 35(e) contain information about the assumptions and their risk factors
    relating to goodwill impairment, fair value of financial assets and fair value of restricted shares
    granted. Other key sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:

    (i)    Impairments of non-financial assets

           If circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable, the asset
           may be considered “impaired”, and an impairment loss may be recognized in profit or loss. The
           carrying amounts of assets are reviewed periodically in order to assess whether the recoverable
           amounts have declined below the carrying amounts. These assets are tested for impairment
           whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their recorded carrying amounts
           may not be recoverable. When such a decline has occurred, the carrying amount is reduced to
           recoverable amount.

           The recoverable amount is the greater of the fair value less costs to sell and the value in use.
           In determining the value in use, expected cash flows generated by the asset are discounted
           to their present value, which requires significant judgement relating to level of sales volume,
           sales revenue and amount of operating costs. The Group uses all readily available information
           in determining an amount that is a reasonable approximation of recoverable amount, including
           estimates based on reasonable and supportable assumptions and projections of sales volume,
           sales revenue and amount of operating costs.

    (ii)   Net realizable value of inventories

           Net realizable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
           business less estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the
           sale. These estimates are based on the current market conditions and the historical experience
           of selling products with similar nature. Any change in the assumptions would increase or
           decrease the amount of inventories write-down or the related reversals of write-down made
           in prior years and affect the Group’s net assets value. The Group reassesses these estimates
           annually.



                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022   139
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      3    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES - continued

           Key sources of estimation uncertainty - continued

           (iii)   Impairment of trade and other receivables

                   The Group estimates the amount of loss allowance for ECLs on trade and other receivables that
                   are measured at amortized cost based on the credit risk of the respective financial instruments.
                   The loss allowance amount is measured as the asset’s carrying amount and the present value
                   of estimated future cash flows with the consideration of expected future credit loss of the
                   respective financial instrument. The assessment of the credit risk of the respective financial
                   instrument involves high degree of estimation and uncertainty. When the actual future cash
                   flows are less than expected or more than expected, a material impairment loss or a material
                   reversal of impairment loss may arise, accordingly.


      4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

           (a)     Revenue

                   (i)   Disaggregation of revenue

                         Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by business lines is as follows:

                                                                                               2022            2021
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000
                          Revenue from contracts with customers within
                            the scope of HKFRS 15


                          Sales of pharmaceutical products                                5,612,064        4,592,371
                          Promotion service income                                          601,487         407,347
                          License income                                                    105,545               —

                                                                                          6,319,096        4,999,718


                         The Group’s revenue from contracts with customers was recognized at point in time for the
                         year ended December 31, 2022.

                         The Group’s customer base is diversified and nil (2021: nil) customers with whom
                         transactions have exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenues for the year ended December 31,
                         2022. Details of concentrations of credit risk arising from the customers are set out in Note
                         35(a).




140   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


4   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING - continued

    (a)   Revenue - continued

          (ii)   Revenue expected to be recognized in the future arising from contracts with customers in
                 existence at the reporting date

                 The Group has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of HKFRS 15 to its sales
                 contracts for goods such that information about revenue expected to be recognized in
                 the future is not disclosed in respect of revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it
                 satisfies the remaining performance obligations under the contracts for sales of goods that
                 had an expected duration of one year or less.


    (b)   Segment reporting

          Operating segments are identified on the basis of internal reports that the Group’s most senior
          executive management reviews regularly in allocating resources to segments and in assessing
          their performances.

          The Group’s most senior executive management makes resources allocation decisions based on
          internal management functions and assess the Group’s business performance as one integrated
          business instead of by separate business lines or geographical regions. Accordingly, the Group
          has only one operating segment and therefore, no segment information is presented.

          HKFRS 8, Operating Segments, requires identification and disclosure of information about an
          entity’s geographical areas, regardless of the entity’s organization (i.e. even if the entity has
          a single reportable segment). The Group operates within one geographical location because
          primarily all of its revenue was generated in the PRC and primarily all of its non-current
          operating assets and capital expenditure were located/incurred in the PRC. Accordingly, no
          geographical information is presented.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022   141
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      5    OTHER INCOME AND OTHER NET GAIN

           (a)   Other income

                                                                                                     2022               2021
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                  Government grants (Note)                                                       125,172              96,214
                  Rental income                                                                    17,738             17,350
                  Property management income                                                       11,573              9,519
                  Consulting and technology service income                                          6,682              7,837
                  Others                                                                           11,095             18,590

                                                                                                 172,260            149,510


                 Note:

                 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group received unconditional government grants of RMB80,130,000
                 (2021: RMB57,687,000) as rewards of the Group’s contribution to technology innovation and regional economic
                 development.

                 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group received conditional government grants of RMB1,927,000
                 (2021: RMB nil) as subsidies for construction and equipment and recognized such grants of RMB33,894,000 (2021:
                 RMB32,477,000) in the consolidated statements of profit or loss when related conditions were satisfied. During
                 the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group received conditional government grants of RMB32,942,000 (2021:
                 RMB8,189,000) as encouragement of technology research and development and recognized such type of grants
                 of RMB11,148,000 (2021: RMB6,050,000) in the consolidated statements of profit when related conditions were
                 satisfied.


           (b)   Other net gain

                                                                                                     2022               2021
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                  Net foreign exchange (loss)/gain                                                (57,215)          116,009
                  Net (loss)/gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                    (10,571)             2,685
                  Net realized loss on trading securities                                               —               (119)
                  Net realized and unrealized gains on financial assets at
                    fair value through profit or loss                                            113,112            382,849
                  Indemnity from contract termination                                            208,938                   —
                  Net gain arising from fair value remeasurement of
                    interest in former associates                                                       —           314,456
                  Net gain on disposal of interest in subsidiaries                                      —           399,330

                                                                                                 254,264          1,215,210




142   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (Expressed in Renminbi)


6   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

    Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

    (a)   Net finance (income)/costs

                                                                                                 2022               2021
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000
           Interest income from bank deposits                                                 (59,867)           (68,287)

           Finance income                                                                     (59,867)           (68,287)

           Interest expenses on bank loans                                                     27,654             63,864
           Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                               6,754               6,984

           Finance costs                                                                       34,408             70,848

           Net finance (income)/costs                                                         (25,459)              2,561



    (b)   Staff costs

                                                                                                 2022               2021
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000
           Salaries, wages and other benefits                                              1,903,727           1,498,480
           Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans (Note)                       95,265             69,769
           Equity settled share-based payment expenses (Note 30)                             138,290              62,392

                                                                                           2,137,282           1,630,641

          Note:

          Employees of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement plans
          administered and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries contribute funds
          which are calculated on certain percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal
          government to the plan to fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

          The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as incurred and not reduced
          by contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the plans prior to vesting fully in the contributions. The
          Group has no other material obligation for the payment of retirement benefits associated with the scheme beyond
          the annual contributions described above.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022    143
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      6    PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION - continued

           (c)   Other items

                                                                                                       2022               2021
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                   Cost of inventories recognized as expenses (Note i)                               879,438             763,015
                   Depreciation charge
                     — owned property, plant and equipment                                           208,317             189,120
                     — right-of-use assets                                                            59,626              45,270
                   Amortization of intangible assets                                                  14,985              17,417
                   Research and development costs (Note ii)                                        1,728,269           1,416,721
                   (Reversal)/recognition of impairment loss on trade and
                     other receivables                                                                (13,972)            15,828
                   Auditors’ remuneration
                     — audit services                                                                   4,000               4,000
                     — non-audit services                                                                 294                 241


                 Notes:

                 (i)    Cost of inventories recognized as expenses includes amounts relating to staff costs, depreciation and
                        amortization expenses, which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above
                        or in Note 6(b) for each of these types of expenses.

                 (ii)   Research and development costs include amounts relating to staff costs, depreciation and amortization
                        expenses, which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above or in Note 6(b)
                        for each of these types of expenses.


      7    INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS

           (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statements of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                       2022               2021
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                   Current tax

                   PRC Corporate Income Tax
                   Provision for the year                                                              11,262             17,858
                   (Over)/under-provision in respect of prior years (Note 7(b))                       (13,677)             4,791

                                                                                                       (2,415)            22,649

                   Overseas Corporate Income Tax
                   Provision for the year                                                                    9              7,294

                   Deferred tax

                   Origination and reversal of temporary differences
                     (Note 28(b))                                                                     (38,072)          (127,067)

                   Total income tax                                                                   (40,478)           (97,124)



144   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


7   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS - continued

    (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statements of profit or loss represents: - continued

          Notes:

          (i)     Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Hong Kong, the Company and the subsidiary in Hong
                  Kong were liable to the Hong Kong Profits Tax at a rate of 16.5% during the year ended December 31, 2022
                  and 2021.

          (ii)    The PRC subsidiaries of the Group are subject to PRC Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) at a statutory rate of
                  25%, except for the following specified subsidiaries:

                  According to the Administrative Measures for Determination of High-Tech Enterprises (Guokefahuo [2016]
                  No. 32), Hainan Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hainan Simcere”) obtained the qualification as a high-
                  tech enterprise and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2020 to 2022.

                  Shandong Simcere Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shandong Simcere”) obtained the qualification as a high-
                  tech enterprise and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2020 to 2022.

                  Wuhu Simcere Zhongren Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Wuhu Simcere”) obtained the qualification as a high-
                  tech enterprise and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2020 to 2022.

                  Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Simcere Pharmaceutical”, formerly known as Nanjing Simcere
                  Dongyuan Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) obtained the qualification as a high-tech enterprise and was entitled to
                  a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2021 to 2023.

                  According to the prevailing PRC CIT law and its relevant regulations, non-PRC tax resident enterprises
                  are levied withholding tax on dividends from their PRC resident investees for intra-group earnings
                  accumulated beginning on January 1, 2008, at 10% (unless reduced by tax treaties or similar arrangements).
                  Undistributed earnings generated prior to 2008 are exempt from such withholding tax. Under the
                  arrangement between the Mainland China and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance
                  of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income and its relevant
                  regulations, dividends paid by a PRC resident enterprise to its direct holding company in Hong Kong will be
                  subject to withholding tax at a reduced rate of 5% (if the Hong Kong investor is the “beneficial owner” and
                  owns directly at least 25% of the equity interest of the PRC resident enterprise for the past twelve months
                  before the dividends distribution).

          (iii)   Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of the United States, the Group’s subsidiaries in the United
                  States were liable to United States federal income tax at a rate of 21% plus the state income tax determined
                  by income ranges during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

          (iv)    Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of the United Kingdom, the Group’s subsidiary in the United
                  Kingdom was liable to the United Kingdom corporation tax at a rate of 19% during the year ended December
                  31, 2022 and 2021.

          (v)     Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Finland, the Group’s subsidiary in Finland was liable to
                  Finnish income tax at a rate of 20% during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022      145
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      7    INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS - continued

           (b)   Reconciliation between tax benefit and profit before taxation at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                   Profit before taxation                                                            888,154          1,401,797

                   Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated using
                        the PRC statutory tax rate of 25%                                            222,039            350,449
                   Tax effect of different tax rates                                                 (87,066)          (155,513)
                   Tax effect of withholding tax                                                      11,070                   —
                   Tax effect of non-deductible expenses (Note i)                                     45,292             19,708
                   Tax effect of non-taxable income (Note ii)                                          (3,875)         (148,112)
                   Tax effect of tax losses not recognized                                            22,784             21,366
                   Tax effect of temporary differences not recognized                                       —                 61
                   Tax effect of bonus deduction for research and
                        development costs                                                           (207,242)          (164,848)
                   Tax effect of change in tax rates                                                     (745)            (4,426)
                   Tax effect of previously unrecognized tax losses
                        now recognised                                                                 (3,156)            (9,695)
                   Tax effect of previously unrecognized temporary
                        differences now utilized                                                     (22,168)            (20,858)
                   (Reversal)/provision of withholding tax on
                        undistributed profits                                                          (4,402)             9,872
                   (Over)/under-provision in prior years                                             (13,677)              4,791
                   Derecognition of deferred tax assets recognized in
                        prior years                                                                       668                 81

                   Actual tax benefit                                                                (40,478)            (97,124)


                 Notes:

                 (i)     Tax effect of non-deductible expenses mainly represented the tax effect of equity settled share-based
                         payment expenses, losses on financial assets with capital in nature, expenses incurred by entities without
                         assessable profits and other non-deductible expenses and tax effect of net realized and unrealized loss on
                         financial assets of FVPL which is not subject to deduction under Hong Kong profit tax.

                 (ii)    Tax effect of non-taxable income mainly represented the tax effect of gain on disposal of interest in
                         subsidiaries and interest income, which are not subject to Hong Kong profit tax.




146   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          (Expressed in Renminbi)


8   DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

    Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
    and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as
    follows:

                                                       Salaries,
                                                     allowances                  Retirement               Share-based
                                       Directors’   and benefits Discretionary      scheme                  payments        2022
                                            fees         in kind      bonuses contributions   Sub-Total        (Note)      Total
                                        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
     Executive directors
     Ren Jinsheng                             —           2,044           781           65        2,890            —       2,890
     Wan Yushan                               —           1,282          5,595          39        6,916         4,339     11,255
     Tang Renhong                             —           2,842        10,555           39       13,436         6,791     20,227


     Non-Executive director
     Zhao John Huan
       (resigned on August 31, 2022)          —              —              —            —           —             —          —


     Independent non-executive
       directors
     Wang Xinhua                             360             —              —            —         360             —         360
     Song Ruilin                             360             —              —            —         360             —         360
     Wang Jianguo                            360             —              —            —         360             —         360

                                           1,080          6,168        16,931          143       24,322        11,130     35,452




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022   147
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      8    DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS - continued

                                                             Salaries,
                                                           allowances                  Retirement               Share-based
                                             Directors’   and benefits Discretionary      scheme                  payments       2021
                                                  fees         in kind      bonuses contributions   Sub-Total        (Note)      Total
                                              RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000
            Executive directors
            Ren Jinsheng                             —          1,508           360            45       1,913            —      1,913
            Wan Yushan                               —          1,070          1,360          35        2,465         4,295     6,760
            Zhang Cheng
              (resigned on March 31, 2021)           —            856           560             9       1,425            —      1,425
            Tang Renhong                             —          2,029          2,606            3       4,638         5,910    10,548


            Non-Executive director
            Zhao John Huan                           —              —             —            —           —             —          —


            Independent non-executive
              directors
            Wang Xinhua                            360              —             —            —         360             —        360
            Song Ruilin                            360              —             —            —         360             —        360
            Wang Jianguo                           360              —             —            —         360             —        360

                                                 1,080          5,463          4,886           92      11,521        10,205    21,726


           All the executive directors are key management personnel of the Group for the year ended December
           31, 2022 and their remuneration disclosed above include those for services rendered by them as key
           management personnel.

           Note:

           These represent the estimated value of restricted shares granted to the directors under the Company’s share incentive
           scheme. The value of these restricted shares is measured according to the Group’s accounting policies for share-based
           payment transactions and, in accordance with that policy, includes adjustments to reverse amounts accrued in previous
           years where grants of equity instruments are forfeited prior to vesting.

           The details of these benefits in kind, including the principal terms and number of restricted shares
           granted, are disclosed in Note 30.

           Apart from the above, no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to which the Company
           was a party, and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, subsisted at the end of
           the year or at any time during the year.




148   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Renminbi)


9   INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

    Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2021: two) are directors whose emoluments
    are disclosed in Note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the remaining individuals are
    as follows:

                                                                                 2022               2021
                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000
     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                  10,606             9,047
     Discretionary bonuses                                                       6,772             5,657
     Retirement scheme contributions                                               187                 66
     Share-based payments                                                       12,031             5,136

                                                                                29,596            19,906


    The emoluments of the three (2021: three) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the
    following bands:

                                                                                 2022               2021
                                                                           Number of          Number of
                                                                           individuals        individuals
     HKD6,000,001 to HKD6,500,000                                                   —                   1
     HKD9,000,001 to HKD9,500,000                                                   —                   2
     HKD9,500,001 to HKD10,000,000                                                   1                 —
     HKD11,000,001 to HKD11,500,000                                                  1                 —
     HKD12,000,001 to HKD12,500,000                                                  1                 —




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022   149
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      10   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

           Tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income

                                                                        Financial assets
                                                                            at fair value
                                                                          through other
                                                          Exchange      comprehensive
                                                         differences       income – net
                                                      on translation movement in fair
                                                         of financial    value reserves
                                                         statements     (non-recycling)        Total
                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000
            For the year ended December 31, 2021
            Before-tax amount                                (59,356)             19,212     (40,144)
            Tax expense                                           —               (2,840)     (2,840)

            Net-of-tax amount                                (59,356)             16,372     (42,984)

            For the year ended December 31, 2022
            Before-tax amount                               176,813            (183,953)      (7,140)
            Tax expense                                           —               27,607     27,607

            Net-of-tax amount                               176,813            (156,346)     20,467




150   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi)


11   EARNINGS PER SHARE

     (a)   Basic earnings per share

           The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity
           shareholders of the Company of RMB932,768,000 (2021: RMB1,507,096,000) and the weighted
           average of 2,611,171,592 ordinary shares (2021: 2,608,641,618) in issue during the year,
           calculated as follows:


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                    2022                2021
            Issued ordinary shares at January 1                            2,628,290,618       2,608,641,618
            Effect of ordinary shares issued (Note 31(c))                     17,704,132           5,844,000
            Effect of unvested shares under 2021 RSU Scheme (Note 30)         (34,823,158)        (5,844,000)

            Weighted average number of ordinary shares at December 31      2,611,171,592       2,608,641,618



     (b)   Diluted earnings per share

           The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity
           shareholders of the Company of RMB932,768,000 (2021: RMB1,507,096,000) and the weighted
           average of ordinary shares of 2,620,375,892 (2021: 2,611,357,884 shares), calculated as follows:


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

                                                                                    2022                2021
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares at
              31 December                                                  2,611,171,592       2,608,641,618
            Effect of contingently issuable of shares under 2021
              RSU scheme (Note 30)                                              9,204,300          2,716,266

            Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted) at
              31 December                                                  2,620,375,892       2,611,357,884




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022   151
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      12   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

           (a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount

                                                                                                    Furniture,
                                                                                      Machinery       fixtures
                                                             Leasehold   Plant and          and     and office      Motor Construction
                                                                 Land    buildings    equipment     equipment     vehicles    in progress        Total
                                                              RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                  Cost:
                  At January 1, 2021                           223,410   1,496,401      903,552       140,303       32,120        66,428     2,862,214
                  Additions                                         —       45,387       86,216        15,490        1,959        90,577      239,629
                  Transfers                                         —       30,940        4,308         2,229           —         (37,477)          —
                  Disposals                                         —      (53,818)      (11,009)       (3,777)     (2,038)            —       (70,642)
                  Disposals of interest in subsidiaries             —     (113,550)      (20,642)      (26,205)         —         (23,777)    (184,174)
                  At December 31, 2021 and January 1, 2022     223,410   1,405,360      962,425       128,040      32,041         95,751     2,847,027
                  Additions                                     82,024    159,885        43,854        30,560       2,256        164,777      483,356
                  Transfers                                         —      31,881        15,941             —           —        (47,822)           —
                  Disposals                                         —           —        (3,550)        (1,946)     (1,364)       (10,573)     (17,433)

                  At December 31, 2022                         305,434   1,597,126    1,018,670       156,654      32,933        202,133     3,312,950

                  Accumulated depreciation:
                  At January 1, 2021                            31,121    315,032       294,610        68,081      25,491              —      734,335
                  Charge for the year                            4,615    117,232        89,336        20,432        2,775             —      234,390
                  Written back on disposals                         —      (19,426)       (6,676)       (3,215)     (1,683)            —       (31,000)
                  Disposals of interest in subsidiaries             —      (15,845)         (549)       (5,516)         —              —       (21,910)
                  At December 31, 2021 and January 1, 2022      35,736    396,993       376,721        79,782      26,583              —      915,815


                  Charge for the year                            5,136    142,989       100,123        17,779       1,916              —      267,943
                  Written back on disposals                         —           —        (3,435)        (1,790)     (1,364)            —        (6,589)
                  At December 31, 2022                          40,872    539,982       473,409        95,771      27,135              —     1,177,169

                  Net book value:
                  At December 31, 2021                         187,674   1,008,367      585,704        48,258        5,458        95,751     1,931,212

                  At December 31, 2022                         264,562   1,057,144      545,261        60,883       5,798        202,133     2,135,781




152   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (Expressed in Renminbi)


12   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - continued

     (a)    Reconciliation of carrying amount - continued

     Notes:

     (i)    As at December 31, 2022, property certificates of certain properties and leasehold land with an aggregate net book
            value of RMB298,308,000 (2021: RMB448,973,000) is yet to be obtained.

     (ii)   No property, plant and equipment of the Group were pledged as security for bank loans.


     (b)    Right-of-use assets

            The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as
            follows:

                                                                                                   2022               2021
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
              Leasehold land                                                                   264,562             187,674
              Plant and buildings                                                              208,393             103,188

                                                                                               472,955             290,862


            The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognized in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                   2022               2021
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
              Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
                by class of underlying asset:
              Leasehold land                                                                      5,136               4,615
              Plant and buildings                                                                54,490             40,655

                                                                                                 59,626             45,270

              Interest on lease liabilities (Note 6(a))                                           6,754               6,984
              Expense relating to short-term leases                                              14,968             10,369

            During the year ended 31 December 2022, additions to right-of-use assets were
            RMB236,358,000 (2021: RMB42,182,000). This amount included the acquisition of leasehold
            land of RMB82,024,000 (2021: nil), and the remainder primarily related to the capitalized lease
            payments under new tenancy agreements.

            Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in
            Notes 23(e) and 25, respectively.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022     153
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      12   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - continued

           Some leases include an option to renew the lease for an additional period after the end of the contract
           term. Where practicable, the Group seeks to include such extension options exercisable by the Group
           to provide operational flexibility. The Group assesses at lease commencement date whether it is
           reasonably certain to exercise the extension options. If the Group is not reasonably certain to exercise
           the extension options, the future lease payments during the extension periods are not included
           in the measurement of lease liabilities. The potential exposure to these future lease payments is
           summarized below.

                                                                                                              Potential future lease
                                                                                                            payments under extension
                                                                       Lease liabilities recognised        options not included in lease
                                                                              (discounted)                  liabilities (undiscounted)
                                                                              2022              2021               2022            2021
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000
            Plant and buildings                                             70,148            69,836                  —                  —



      13   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                             Exclusive
                                         Developed                          Product commercialization         In-licensed
                                        technology      GSP licenses     trademarks            right (i)         right (ii)        Total
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000
            Cost:
            At January 1, 2021,
              December 31, 2021 and
              January 1, 2022                307,159            343           4,303                 —                  —         311,805

            Additions                              —              —              —            125,472            209,718         335,190

            At December 31, 2022             307,159            343           4,303           125,472            209,718         646,995
            Accumulated amortization:
            At January 1, 2021                230,051           343            4,303                —                  —         234,697
            Charge for the year                17,417             —               —                 —                  —          17,417
            At December 31, 2021 and
              January 1, 2022                247,468            343           4,303                 —                  —         252,114
            Charge for the year               14,985              —              —                  —                  —          14,985

            At December 31, 2022             262,453            343           4,303                 —                  —         267,099
            Net book value:
            At December 31, 2021               59,691             —               —                 —                  —          59,691

            At December 31, 2022              44,706              —              —            125,472            209,718         379,896


154   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


13   INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

     The Group’s intangible assets as at December 31, 2022 represent developed technology, GSP
     licenses, product trademarks acquired by the Group in connection with the acquisitions of the Group’s
     operating subsidiaries in the PRC, and the exclusive commercialization right and in-licensed right
     acquired separately by the Group.

     The amortization charge for the year is included in “cost of sales” and “research and development
     costs” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


     (i)   Exclusive commercialization right

           On March 18, 2022, the Group entered into an agreement with a third party for acquisition of
           an exclusive commercialization right in relation to a drug under development in China at the
           consideration of RMB125,472,000. The third party is responsible for clinical development of the
           drug and the Group will have exclusive marketing right to the drug after regulatory approval.

           As at December 31, 2022, the exclusive commercialization right is not yet ready for us and is not
           amortized. As such, it is subject to annual impairment test based on the recoverable amount of
           the CGU to which the intangible asset is related to which is at the product level. Management
           determined the recoverable amount of the relevant CGU using the value in use calculations. The
           calculation used cash flow projections based on management’s expectations of the expected
           time period for a pharmaceutical drug development to commercialization and other factors,
           including the patent protection period, the historical life of similar products, the characteristics
           of such technologies, their update frequency and market requirement and competition. The
           expected average earnings before interest and taxes (“EBIT”) growth rate was estimated taking
           into account revenue, gross margins and operating expenses to reflect the characteristics of the
           commercial right and the expectation for market development. The discount rate used is pre-tax
           and reflects specific risks relating to the drug.

           The key assumptions used for fair value calculation as at December 31, 2022 is as follows:

                                                                                         December 31, 2022
            Expected average EBIT growth rate                                                            18%
            Pre-tax discount rate                                                                        26%


           Based on the result of impairment assessment, there was no impairment as at December 31,
           2022.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022   155
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      13   INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

           (i)    Exclusive commercialization right - continued

                  The Group has performed sensitivity test by increasing 1% of pre-tax discount rate or decreasing
                  1% of expected average EBIT growth rate, which are the key assumptions for determining the
                  recoverable amount of the intangible asset, with all other variables held constant. The impacts
                  on the amount by which the intangible asset’s recoverable amount above its carrying amount
                  (headroom) are as below:

                                                                                              December 31, 2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000
                   Headroom                                                                              113,966
                   Impact by increasing pre-tax discount rate                                             (15,514)
                   Impact by decreasing expected average EBIT growth rate                                  (2,394)


                  Considering there was still sufficient headroom based on the assessment, management believes
                  that a reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions on which management has
                  based its determination of the CGU’s recoverable amount would not cause its carrying amount
                  to exceed its recoverable amount.


           (ii)   In-licensed right

                  On November 15, 2022, the Group entered into an agreement with a third party to have a
                  exclusive right to develop and commercialize a drug product in the Greater China region. The
                  drug was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration and subsequently made
                  commercially available in May 2022.

                  The consideration payable by the Group comprises upfront payment, additional milestone
                  payments, commercialization milestone payments and royalties based upon future sales. As at
                  December 31, 2022, an upfront payment of USD30,000,000 (RMB equivalent: 209,718,000) paid by
                  the Group was recognised as an intangible assets.

                  As at December 31, 2022, the in-licensed right is not yet ready for us and is not amortized. As
                  such, it is subject to annual impairment test based on the recoverable amount of the CGU to
                  which the intangible asset is related to which is at the product level. Management determined
                  the recoverable amount of the relevant CGU using the value in use calculations. The calculation
                  used cash flow projections based on management’s expectations of the expected time period
                  for a pharmaceutical drug development to commercialization and other factors, including the
                  patent protection period, the historical life of similar products, the characteristics of such
                  technologies, their update frequency and market requirement and competition. The cash
                  flows beyond the projection period are extrapolated using negative growth rate. The expected
                  average EBIT growth rate was estimated taking into account revenue, gross margins and
                  operating expenses to reflect the characteristics of the license and the expectation for market
                  development. The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflects specific risks relating to the drug.




156   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


13   INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

     (ii)   In-licensed right - continued

            The key assumptions used for fair value calculation as at December 31, 2022 is as follows:

                                                                                       December 31, 2022
             Expected average EBIT growth rate                                                         40%
             Pre-tax discount rate                                                                     20%


            Based on the result of impairment assessment, there was no impairment as at December 31,
            2022.

            The Group has performed sensitivity test by increasing 1% of pre-tax discount rate or decreasing
            1% of expected average EBIT growth rate, which are the key assumptions for determining the
            recoverable amount of the intangible asset, with all other variables held constant. The impacts
            on the amount by which the intangible asset’s recoverable amount above its carrying amount
            (headroom) are as below:

                                                                                       December 31, 2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000
             Headroom                                                                               70,247
             Impact by increasing pre-tax discount rate                                            (33,040)
             Impact by decreasing expected average EBIT growth rate                                  (2,555)


            Considering there was still sufficient headroom based on the assessment, management believes
            that a reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions on which management has
            based its determination of the CGU’s recoverable amount would not cause its carrying amount
            to exceed its recoverable amount.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022   157
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      14   GOODWILL

                                                                                         2022           2021
                                                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000
            Balance at the beginning and end of the year                              172,788        172,788



           Impairment tests for cash-generating unit containing goodwill

           Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGU”) identified according to the
           reportable segment. Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s CGU as follows:

                                                                                         2022           2021
                                                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000
            Pharmaceutical business                                                   142,474        142,474
            BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. (“BCY”)                                                30,314         30,314

                                                                                      172,788        172,788


           The Group performs annual impairment test on goodwill at the end of the reporting year. The
           recoverable amount of each CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These
           calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management with
           the final year representing a steady state in the development of the business. Cash flows beyond
           the period are extrapolated using zero growth rate. The key assumptions used for the value in
           use calculations are the discount rate and budgeted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
           and amortization (“EBITDA”) growth rate in the projection period. The discount rate was a pre-
           tax measure based on the risk-free rate in the relevant market and in the same currency as the
           cash flows, adjusted for a risk premium to reflect both the increased risk of investing in equities
           generally and the systematic risk of the CGU. Budgeted EBITDA growth rate in the projection period
           was estimated taking into account revenue, gross margins and operating expenses based on past
           performance and its expectation for market development.




158   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


14   GOODWILL - continued

     Impairment tests for cash-generating unit containing goodwill - continued

     Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculation:

                                                                                    2022               2021
      Pre-tax discount rate
        Pharmaceutical business                                                    15.0%              15.0%
        BCY                                                                        25.8%              25.8%


      Budget period
        Pharmaceutical business                                                   5 years           5 years
        BCY                                                                      11 years           9 years

     The estimated recoverable amount of the pharmaceutical business CGU exceeded its carrying
     amount as at December 31, 2022 by approximately RMB5,294,563,000 (2021: RMB5,958,482,000). The
     estimated recoverable amount of the BCY CGU exceeded its carrying amount as at December 31, 2022
     by approximately RMB45,260,000 (2021: RMB35,534,000).

     Management performed sensitivity analysis of two key assumptions that could significantly affect the
     recoverable amount. The following table shows the percentage point by which these two assumptions
     would need to change individually for the estimated recoverable amount to be equal to the carrying
     amount:


     Change required for carrying amount to equal recoverable amount (in percentage point)

                                                                                    2022               2021
      Pharmaceutical business
      Increase in discount rate                                                   +11.0%            +14.7%
      Decrease in budgeted EBITDA growth rate
        (average of budget period)                                                -13.3%             -20.1%


      BCY
      Increase in discount rate                                                    +4.4%              +3.1%
      Decrease in budgeted EBITDA growth rate
        (average of budget period)                                                 -2.5%              -3.4%

     The recoverable amount of the CGUs based on the value-in-use calculations was higher than the
     carrying amount as at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accordingly, no impairment loss for goodwill was
     recognized in the consolidated statements of profit or loss. Also, based on the sensitivity analysis
     above, the Group concluded that a reasonably possible change in key parameters would not cause the
     carrying amount of the CGU to exceed its recoverable amount as at December 31,2022 and 2021.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022   159
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      15   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

           The following list contains the particulars of subsidiaries which affected the results, assets or
           liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.

                                             Place of incorporation      Particulars of   Attributable equity interest
                                                     and business/          issued and       held by the Company
            Company name                      date of incorporation     paid-up capital       Directly       Indirectly   Principal activities
            Jiangsu Simcere Biologics Co.,   The People’s Republic United States Dollar         100%                 —    Investment holding
               Ltd. (江蘇先聲醫藥科技有限                    of China (“PRC”)            (“USD”)
               公司) (Note (a))                      August 14, 2017         221,500,000
            Simcere Pharmaceutical                        The PRC United States Dollar          100%                 —    Investment holding
               (Shandong)Co., Ltd. (先聲藥             March 28, 2022             (“USD”)
               業（山東）有限公司) (Note (a))                                        50,000,000
            Simcere UK Limited                 The United Kingdom Great Britain Pound           100%                 —    Pharmaceutical related
                                                December 20, 2017              (“GBP”)                                      business development
                                                                                   100                                      and cooperation
            Oy Simcere Europe Ltd.                         Finland        Euro (“EUR”)          100%                 —    Pharmaceutical related
                                               September 14, 2007                2,500                                      business development
                                                                                                                            and cooperation
            Simcere Pharmaceutical Co.,                   The PRC         Chinese Yuan              —            100%     Manufacturing and sales
               Ltd. (先聲藥業有限公司)                 September 10, 1998              (“RMB”)                                      of pharmaceutical
               (Note (a))                                                 1,380,287,820                                     products
            Hainan Simcere                                The PRC      RMB221,110,900               —            100%     Manufacturing and sales
               Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.              April 28, 1993                                                         of pharmaceutical
               (海南先聲藥業有限公司)                                                                                                 products
               (Note (a))
            Jiangsu Simcere Biological                    The PRC      RMB389,370,000               —            100%     Research and
               Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.               July 10, 2017                                                         development and
               (江蘇先聲生物製藥有限公司)                                                                                               manufacturing of
               (Note (a))                                                                                                   biopharmaceutical
                                                                                                                            products
             Wuhu Simcere Zhongren                        The PRC       RMB37,000,000               —            100%     Manufacturing and sales
               Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.        September 19, 2008                                                           of pharmaceutical
               (蕪湖先聲中人藥業有限公司)                                                                                               products
               (Note (a))
            Simcere (Shanghai)                            The PRC      RMB398,350,329               —            100%     Research and
               Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.         December 16, 2011                                                           development of
               (先聲(上海)醫藥有限公司)                                                                                               pharmaceutical
               (Note (a))                                                                                                   products and property
                                                                                                                            management




160   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 (Expressed in Renminbi)


15   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES - continued


                                      Place of incorporation     Particulars of   Attributable equity interest
                                              and business/         issued and       held by the Company
      Company name                     date of incorporation    paid-up capital       Directly       Indirectly      Principal activities
      Nanjing BioSciKin                            The PRC     RMB86,660,000                —            100%        Investment holding
        Biotechnology Development        December 13, 2018
        Co., Ltd. (南京百家匯生物科
        技發展有限公司) (Note (a))
      Simcere International Limited              Hong Kong      USD10,000,000               —            100%        Pharmaceutical related
                                              June 19, 2014                                                            business development
                                                                                                                       and cooperation
      Simgene LLC                         The United States     Not applicable              —            100%        Investment holding
                                              April 19, 2019
      Simcere of America Inc.             The United States            USD125               —            100%        Pharmaceutical related
                                            January 5, 2011                                                            business development
                                                                                                                       and cooperation and
                                                                                                                       investment holding
      Jiangsu Simcere                              The PRC     RMB568,800,000               —            100%        Sales, distribution
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.             March 28, 1995                                                            and research and
        (江蘇先聲藥業有限公司)                                                                                                   development of
        (Note (a))                                                                                                     pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                       products
      Shanghai Simcere                             The PRC     RMB154,000,000               —            100%        Sales and distribution
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.               July 20, 2000                                                           of pharmaceutical
        (上海先聲藥業有限公司)                                                                                                   products
        (Note (a))
      Zigong Yirong Industrial Co.,                The PRC       RMB2,380,000               —            100%        Manufacturing of
        Ltd. (自貢市益榮實業                    September 2, 2005                                                             pharmaceutical
        有限公司) (Note (a))                                                                                               ingredients
      Shandong Simcere                             The PRC     RMB50,000,000                —            100%        Manufacturing and sales
        Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.           June 30, 1999                                                            of pharmaceutical
        (山東先聲生物製藥有限公司)                                                                                                 products
        (Note (a))
      Simcere Biology Medical                      The PRC     RMB50,000,000                —            100%        Research and
        Technology Co., Ltd.                 March 14, 2012                                                            development of
        (先聲生物醫藥科技有限公司)                                                                                                 biopharmaceutical
        (Note (a))                                                                                                     products
      BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. (江蘇博                     The PRC     RMB24,500,000                —          63.57%        Research and
        創園生物醫藥科技有限公司,                      October 28, 2011                                                            development of
        “BCY”) (Note (a) and (b))                                                                                      biopharmaceutical
                                                                                                                       products




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022       161
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      15   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES - continued


                                             Place of incorporation     Particulars of   Attributable equity interest
                                                     and business/         issued and       held by the Company
            Company name                      date of incorporation    paid-up capital       Directly       Indirectly   Principal activities
            Simcere Zaiming                               The PRC     RMB300,000,000               —            100%     Research and
              Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.           December 3, 2020                                                          development of
              (先聲再明醫藥有限公司                                                                                                  biopharmaceutical
              (Note (a)) (formerly named                                                                                   products
              as Hainan Yaozhen Biology
              Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
              (海南耀臻生物醫藥科技有限
              公司))
            Simcere (Beijing)                             The PRC       RMB5,000,000               —            100%     Research and
              Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.               April 21, 2021                                                        development of
              (先聲(北京)醫藥有限公司                                                                                                biopharmaceutical
              (Note (a))                                                                                                   products
            Shanghai Simcere Biology                      The PRC       RMB4,310,000               —            100%     Research and
              Medical Co., Ltd. (上海先聲                June 29, 2021                                                         development of
              生物醫藥有限公司 (Note (a))                                                                                          biopharmaceutical
                                                                                                                           products
            Jiangsu Xiansheng Biology                     The PRC     RMB62,410,000                —            100%     Manufacturing and sales
              Medical Co., Ltd. (江蘇先盛               March 11, 2022                                                         of pharmaceutical
              生物醫藥有限公司 (Note (a))                                                                                          products
            Shanghai Xianxiang                            The PRC        RMB500,000                —            100%     Research and
              Pharmaceutical Technology             March 11, 2022                                                         development of
              Co., Ltd. (上海先祥醫藥科技                                                                                          biopharmaceutical
              有限公司 (Note (a))                                                                                              products
            Jiangsu Zaiming                               The PRC                   —              —            100%     Sales and distribution
              Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.           December 9, 2022                                                          of pharmaceutical
              (江蘇先聲再明醫藥有限公司                                                                                                products
              (Note (a))
            Beijing Simcere Zaiming                       The PRC                   —              —            100%     Sales, distribution
              Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.          December 27, 2022                                                          and research and
              (北京先聲再明醫藥有限公司                                                                                                development of
              (Note (a))                                                                                                   pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                           products




162   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (Expressed in Renminbi)


15   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES - continued
     Notes:

     (a)   These entities are limited liability companies established in the PRC. The official names of these entities are in
           Chinese. The English translation of the Company names is for identification purpose only.

     (b)   On April 29, 2022, the Group entered into an agreement with non-controlling shareholders to further acquire
           11.43% of the equity interest of BCY at the consideration of RMB16,027,000. The Group’s equity interest in this
           entity increased from 52.14% to 63.57%.

     The following table lists out the information relating to BCY Pharm Co., Ltd., the only subsidiary of
     the Group which has a material non-controlling interest (NCI). The summarised financial information
     presented below represents the amounts before any inter-company elimination.

                                                                                               2022                   2021
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
      NCI percentage                                                                        36.43%                 47.86%


      Current assets                                                                         14,715                 19,440
      Non-current assets                                                                     44,706                 50,814
      Current liabilities                                                                    (4,201)                 (3,785)
      Non-current liabilities                                                               (11,128)               (12,646)
      Net assets                                                                             44,092                 53,823
      Carrying amount of NCI                                                                 16,062                 25,760


      Revenue                                                                                     —                      —
      Loss for the period                                                                    (9,732)               (17,082)
      Total comprehensive income                                                             (9,732)               (17,082)
      Loss allocated to NCI                                                                  (4,136)                 (8,175)


      Cash flows used in operating activities                                               (4,665)               (11,050)
      Cash flows used in investing activities                                                   (28)                   (13)
        Cash flows generated from financing activities                                           —                 13,750




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022     163
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      16   INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE

           Details of the Group’s interest in an associate as at December 31, 2022 which is accounted for using
           equity method in the consolidated financial statements are set out below:

                                                                                              Proportion of ownership interest
                                                                           Particulars of
                                                 Form of        Place of      issued and    Group’s
                                                business incorporation           paid-up    effective       Held by        Held by
            Name of the associate               structure   and business          capital   interest the Company       a subsidiary     Principal activity
            Nanjing Ruichu Pharm Co., Ltd.   Incorporated       The PRC RMB1,290,000            8.9%             —               8.9%   Development and
               (“Nanjing Ruichu”)                                                                                                          manufacturing of
                                                                                                                                           pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                           ingredients

           In August 2021, the Group acquired 12.5% of equity interest in Nanjing Ruichu through capital
           injection of RMB 5,000,000. During the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the new financing
           obtained by Nanjing Ruichu, the effective interest decreased from 12.5% to 8.9%. The Group has
           a right to appoint one director to the board of Nanjing Ruichu in accordance with the investment
           agreement, therefore the directors of the Company are in the view that the Group can cast significant
           influence on Nanjing Ruichu and account for the equity interest in Nanjing Ruichu using the equity
           method.

           Nanjing Ruichu is an unlisted corporate entity whose quoted market price is not available.

           Information of the associate that is not material:

                                                                                                                      2022                        2021
                                                                                                               RMB’000                     RMB’000
            Carrying amount of associate in the consolidated
               financial statements                                                                                   4,978                      4,863
            Amounts of the Group’s share of the associates’
               Loss from continuing operations                                                                         (813)                  (48,244)
               Gain on dilution of interests                                                                            928                      4,328
               Total comprehensive income                                                                               115                   (43,916)




164   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            (Expressed in Renminbi)


17   INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE

     Details of the Group’s interest in the joint venture as at December 31, 2022 which is accounted for
     using equity method in the consolidated financial statements are set out below:

                                                                                    Proportion of ownership interest
                                                                 Particulars of
                                       Form of        Place of      issued and    Group’s
                                      business incorporation           paid-up    effective       Held by        Held by
      Name of joint venture           structure   and business          capital   interest the Company       a subsidiary Principal activity
      Simnogen Biotech Ltd.        Incorporated       The PRC USD4,000,000            51%              —               51% Research and
                                                                                                                               development
                                                                                                                               of innovative
                                                                                                                               pharmaceuticals
                                                                                                                               and vaccine
                                                                                                                               products

     In June 2019, the Group acquired 51% of the equity interest in Simnogen Biotech Ltd. from a company
     controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group, BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding
     Group Co., Ltd., at a consideration of RMB5,200,000. Simnogen Biotech Ltd. is mainly engaged in
     research and development of innovative pharmaceutical and vaccine products. According to the
     articles of association, no single investor is in a position to control the investors’ meeting nor no
     single director appointed by either investor is in a position to control the board of directors. Therefore,
     the directors of the Company consider that the Group is not able to control Simnogen Biotech Ltd. and
     deem it to be a joint venture of the Group rather than a subsidiary.

     Simnogen Biotech Ltd., the only joint venture in which the Group participates, is an unlisted corporate
     entity whose quoted market price is not available.

     Information of the joint venture that is not material:

                                                                                   December 31, 2022              December 31, 2021
                                                                                                RMB’000                        RMB’000
      Carrying amount of the joint venture in the consolidated
         financial statements                                                                         4,477                          4,402


      Amount of the Group’s share of the joint venture’s
      Profit/(loss) from continuing operations                                                              75                         (270)
        Total comprehensive income                                                                          75                         (270)




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022        165
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      18   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                           2022            2021
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000
            Equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling)
              — Listed equity securities                                                 23,414         240,527
              — Unlisted equity security                                                114,360           51,200

                                                                                        137,774         291,727


           The listed equity securities at FVOCI (non-recycling), represent investment in listed equity securities
           issued by listed companies incorporated in the United States. The unlisted equity security at FVOCI
           (non-recycling), represents investment in unlisted equity interest in private entity incorporated in
           the PRC. These investments are engaged in research and development of innovative pharmaceutical
           products.

           The Group designated these investments at FVOCI (non-recycling), as the investments are held
           for strategic purposes. No dividends were received on these investments during the year ended
           December 31, 2022 and 2021.

           The analysis on the fair value measurement of the above financial assets is disclosed in Note 35(e).


      19   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                           2022            2021
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000
            Financial assets at FVPL
              — Listed equity securities                                                876,263           16,307
              — Unlisted investments                                                    517,555         750,959
              — Unlisted units in investment funds                                      662,882        1,173,109

                                                                                      2,056,700        1,940,375


           The Group’s non-current balances of financial assets at FVPL represent listed equity securities
           issued by listed company incorporated in Australia, the Cayman Islands, the unlisted investments
           in private entities incorporated in the PRC, the United States and the Cayman Islands and unlisted
           units in investment funds incorporated in the PRC, the United States, and the Netherlands. These
           investments are primarily engaged or further invested in the healthcare and pharmaceutical sectors.

           The analysis on the fair value measurement of the Group’s above financial assets is disclosed in Note
           35(e).




166   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi)


20   INVENTORIES

     (a)   Inventories in the consolidated statements of financial position comprise:

                                                                                     2022               2021
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
            Raw materials                                                         126,840             89,998
            Semi-finished goods                                                    55,670             26,205
            Finished goods                                                        119,863            118,954

                                                                                  302,373            235,157



     (b)   The analysis of the amount of inventories recognized as an expense and included in profit or
           loss is as follows:

                                                                                     2022               2021
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
            Carrying amount of inventories sold                                   829,860            727,169
            Provision for write-down of inventories                                49,578             35,846

                                                                                  879,438            763,015


           All inventories are expected to be recovered within one year.


21   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                     2022               2021
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
      Trade receivables                                                         1,871,314          2,017,320
      Bills receivable                                                            490,804            419,635

                                                                                2,362,118          2,436,955


      Less: loss allowance                                                        (24,675)           (38,188)

                                                                                2,337,443          2,398,767


     All of the trade and bills receivables are expected to be recovered within one year.

     As at December 31, 2022, bills receivable of RMB115,465,000 were pledged for issuance of bills
     payable (2021: RMB80,786,000).




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022   167
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      21   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES - continued

           Aging analysis

           As of the end of the reporting period, the aging analysis of trade and bills receivables, based on the
           invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                            2022             2021
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000
            Within 3 months                                                            1,818,648        1,561,742
            Over 3 months but within 12 months                                           518,145          831,220
            Over 12 months                                                                    650            5,805

                                                                                       2,337,443        2,398,767


           Trade and bills receivables are due within 30 - 90 days from the date of billing. Further details on the
           Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade and bills receivables are set out in Note 35(a).


      22   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                            2022             2021
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000
            Current
            Prepayments for raw materials and expenses                                    66,789           55,807
            Value added tax recoverable                                                   33,608           21,524
            Other deposits and receivables                                                65,611           63,651

                                                                                         166,008          140,982


            Less: loss allowance                                                             (310)            (948)

                                                                                         165,698          140,034

            Non-current
            Prepayments for property, plant and equipment                                 36,129           30,432
            Deposits for investments                                                      43,680                —
            Other deposits and receivables                                                17,661           46,132

                                                                                          97,470           76,564


           All of prepayments, deposits and other receivables current balances are expected to be recovered or
           recognized as expense within one year.




168   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Renminbi)


23   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS, RESTRICTED DEPOSITS, AND TIME
     DEPOSITS

     (a)   Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                  2022              2021
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
            Cash at bank                                                     1,657,600           973,139


           As at December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents situated in Mainland China amounted to
           RMB1,495,666,000 (2021: RMB571,340,000). Remittance of funds out of Mainland China is subject
           to relevant rules and regulations of foreign exchange control.


     (b)   Pledged deposits and restricted deposits comprise:

                                                                                  2022              2021
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
            Pledged deposits for
              — issuance of letter of guarantee                                    560             1,580


                                                                                  2022              2021
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
            Restricted deposits for
              — research and development projects                               13,435             4,005
              — 2021 RSU Scheme                                                  5,943                 —

                                                                                19,378             4,005



     (c)   Time deposits comprise:

                                                                                  2022              2021
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
            Current portion                                                    964,226         1,210,078
            Non-current portion                                                 10,752           410,000

                                                                               974,978         1,620,078




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022   169
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      23   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS, RESTRICTED DEPOSITS, AND TIME
           DEPOSITS - continued

           (d)   Reconciliation of profits before taxation to cash generated from operations

                                                                           NOTES         2022        2021
                                                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000
                  Profit before taxation                                              888,154    1,401,797
                  Adjustments for:
                    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment           6(c)      267,943     234,390
                    Amortization of intangible assets                       6(c)       14,985      17,417
                    Net finance (income)/costs                              6(a)      (25,459)       2,561
                    Share of (profits)/losses of associates                 16           (115)     43,916
                    Share of (profits)/losses of a joint venture            17            (75)        270
                    Net loss/(gain) on disposal of property,
                      plant and equipment                                   5(b)       10,571       (2,685)
                    Net realized loss on trading securities                 5(b)           —          119
                    Net realized and unrealized gains on financial
                      assets at fair value through profit or loss           5(b)     (113,112)    (382,849)
                    Net gain on disposal of interest in subsidiaries        5(b)           —      (399,330)
                    Net gain arising from fair value remeasurement of
                      interest in former associates                         5(b)           —      (314,456)
                    Equity settled share-based payment expenses            30(c)      138,290      62,392
                    (Reversal)/recognition of impairment loss on
                      trade and other receivables                           6(c)      (13,972)     15,828
                    Provision for write-down of inventories                20(b)       49,578      35,846
                    Foreign exchange loss/(gain)                                       51,754     (100,763)


                  Changes in working capital:
                  Increase in pledged deposits for issuance of letter of
                    guarantee and restricted deposits                                 (14,353)      (3,805)
                  Increase in inventories                                            (116,794)      (8,330)
                  Decrease/(increase) in trade and bills receivables                   74,837     (545,202)
                  Increase in prepayments, deposits and other
                    receivables                                                       (14,619)    (482,242)
                  Increase in trade and bills payables                                 10,493      81,874
                  Increase in other payables and accruals                             153,773     186,319
                  Decrease in deferred income                                         (14,263)     (30,337)

                  Cash generated from/(used in) operations                          1,347,616     (187,270)




170   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


23   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS, RESTRICTED DEPOSITS, AND TIME
     DEPOSITS - continued

     (e)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

           The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both
           cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which
           cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow
           statements as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                         Bank loans     Lease liabilities               Total
                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                           (Note 24)           (Note 25)
            At January 1, 2022                             1,530,085             105,797           1,635,882

            Changes from financing cash flows:
            Proceeds from bank loans                         916,932                   —             916,932
            Repayment of bank loans                       (1,184,161)                  —          (1,184,161)
            Capital element of
              lease rentals paid                                   —             (49,146)            (49,146)
            Interest element of lease
              rentals paid                                         —              (6,754)              (6,754)
            Interest paid                                    (23,229)                  —             (23,229)

            Total changes from financing
              cash flows                                    (290,458)            (55,900)           (346,358)

            Exchange adjustments                              24,786               3,692              28,478

            Other changes:
            Increase in lease liabilities from
              entering into new leases during
              the year                                             —             154,334             154,334
            Interest expenses (Note 6(a))                     27,654               6,754              34,408

            Total other changes                               27,654             161,088             188,742

            At December 31, 2022                           1,292,067             214,677           1,506,744




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022   171
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      23   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS, RESTRICTED DEPOSITS, AND TIME
           DEPOSITS - continued

           (e)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities - continued

                                                               Bank loans      Lease liabilities         Total
                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                  (Note 24)           (Note 25)
                  At January 1, 2021                             3,068,490              231,528     3,300,018

                  Changes from financing cash flows:
                  Proceeds from bank loans                       1,027,150                     —    1,027,150
                  Repayment of bank loans                        (2,463,778)                   —    (2,463,778)
                  Capital element of
                    lease rentals paid                                   —              (41,359)       (41,359)
                  Interest element of
                    lease rentals paid                                   —                (6,984)       (6,984)
                  Interest paid                                     (63,864)                   —       (63,864)

                  Total changes from financing
                    cash flows                                   (1,500,492)            (48,343)    (1,548,835)

                  Exchange adjustments                             (101,777)                   —     (101,777)

                  Other changes:
                  Increase in lease liabilities from
                    entering into new leases during
                    the year                                             —               42,175        42,175
                  Disposal of interests in subsidiaries                  —              (91,145)       (91,145)
                  Adjustment from lease termination                      —              (35,402)       (35,402)
                  Interest expenses (Note 6(a))                      63,864               6,984        70,848

                  Total other changes                                63,864             (77,388)       (13,524)

                  At December 31, 2021                           1,530,085              105,797     1,635,882




172   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Renminbi)


23   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS, RESTRICTED DEPOSITS, AND TIME
     DEPOSITS - continued

     (f)   Total cash flow for leases

           Amounts included in the cash flow statement for leases comprise the following:

                                                                                  2022              2021
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
            Within operating cash flows                                         14,968            10,369
            Within investing cash flows                                         82,024                 —
            Within financing cash flows                                         55,900            48,343

                                                                               152,892            58,712


           These amounts relate to the following:

                                                                                  2022              2021
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
            Lease rentals paid                                                  70,868            58,712
            Increase in leasehold land                                          82,024                 —

                                                                               152,892            58,712



24   BANK LOANS

     The maturity profile for the interest-bearing bank loans of the Group at the end of each reporting
     period is as follows:

                                                                                  2022              2021
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
      Short-term bank loans                                                  1,183,700           991,571
      Current portion of long-term bank loans                                  108,367           538,514

      Within 1 year or on demand                                             1,292,067         1,530,085




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022   173
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      24   BANK LOANS - continued

           The bank loans were secured as follows:

                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000
            Bank loans
              — Secured                                                                      —        1,134,596
              — Unsecured                                                            1,292,067          395,489

                                                                                     1,292,067        1,530,085



      25   LEASE LIABILITIES

           The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the
           end of each reporting period:

                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000
            Within 1 year                                                               58,756           31,558

            After 1 year but within 2 years                                             56,711           30,686
            After 2 years but within 5 years                                            82,693           43,553
            After 5 years                                                               16,517               —

                                                                                       155,921           74,239

                                                                                       214,677          105,797




174   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


26   TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

                                                                                    2022              2021
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
      Trade payables                                                             226,159           256,131
      Bills payable                                                              108,285            67,820

                                                                                 334,444           323,951


     As of the end of the reporting period, the aging analysis of trade and bills payables, based on the
     invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                    2022              2021
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
      Within 3 months                                                            239,712           252,556
      3 to 12 months                                                              93,289            70,567
      Over 12 months                                                               1,443               828

                                                                                 334,444           323,951


     All of the trade and bills payables are expected to be settled within one year or repayable on demand.


27   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                    2022              2021
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
      Accrued expenses (Note i)                                                  583,739           546,992
      Contract liabilities (Note ii)                                              63,338            26,140
      Payable for employee reimbursements                                         28,884           105,691
      Payables for staff related costs                                           335,384           279,064
      Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                      21,877            35,334
      Other tax payables                                                         133,859            76,667
      Payables for research and development                                       41,695            23,757
      Others                                                                      59,123            68,369

                                                                               1,267,899         1,162,014


     All of the other payables and accruals are expected to be settled within one year or repayable on
     demand.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022   175
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      27   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS - continued
           Notes:

           (i)    Accrued expenses primarily comprise marketing and promotion expenses, research and development costs and
                  other expenses.

           (ii)   Contract liabilities represent customers’ advances received for goods that have not yet been transferred to the
                  customers.

                  Movements in contract liabilities

                                                                                                      2022               2021
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000
                    Balance at 1 January                                                              26,140             18,762
                    Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue
                      during the year that was included in the contract liabilities at
                      the beginning of the year                                                      (26,140)           (18,762)
                    Increase in contract liabilities as a result of customers’ advances
                      received for goods that have not yet been transferred to
                      the customers as at the year end                                                63,338             26,140

                    Balance at 31 December                                                            63,338             26,140



                  Contract liabilities are expected to be recognised as income within one year.


      28   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

           (a)    Current taxation in the consolidated statements of financial position represents:

                                                                                                       2022               2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                    At the beginning of the year                                                       (634)           (21,335)
                    Provision for income Tax for the year                                            11,271             25,152
                    Effect of PRC Corporate Income Tax on disposal of financial
                      assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                             —              5,458
                    (Over)/under-provision in respect of prior years                                (13,677)             4,791
                    Tax refund/(paid)                                                                 7,096            (14,700)

                    At the end of the year                                                            4,056               (634)

                    Represented by:
                    Taxation recoverable                                                             (6,506)           (16,789)
                    Taxation payable                                                                 10,562             16,155

                                                                                                      4,056               (634)




176   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                             (Expressed in Renminbi)


28      INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION - continued

        (b)     Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized represents:

                (i)      The components of deferred tax assets recognized in the consolidated statements of
                         financial position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                               Depreciation    Fair value
                                      Provision    Unrealized                  of property,    change of                                 Other
                                       for asset    profits on    Deductible      plant and     financial Government      Accrued    temporary
                                     impairment    inventories    tax losses    equipment         assets      grants     expenses differences        Total
                                       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000
 At January 1, 2021                       9,629        95,435         46,300          1,635        4,364      68,500      102,214        5,574     333,651
 Recognized in profit or loss             4,921        12,978         75,948           (150)        (402)      (3,201)         —          (138)     89,956
 Recognized in other comprehensive
     income                                   —             —             —              —           107           —           —            —         107

 At December 31, 2021 and
     January 1, 2022                     14,550       108,413       122,248          1,485         4,069      65,299      102,214        5,436    423,714
 Recognized in profit or loss              (144)        (6,428)      65,323           (587)       (9,033)        (67)     (59,893)        385      (10,444)
 Recognized in other comprehensive
     income                                  —              —             —              —         9,816           —           —            —       9,816

 At December 31, 2022                    14,406       101,985       187,571            898         4,852      65,232       42,321        5,821    423,086




                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022       177
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      28   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION - continued

           (b)   Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized represents: - continued

                 (ii)   The components of deferred tax liabilities recognized in the consolidated statements of
                        financial position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                          Fair value
                                                         adjustment Depreciation       Fair value
                                                        arising from    of property,   change of                          Other
                                                           business       plant and     financial Undistributed      temporary
                                                        combination      equipment        assets        profits     differences         Total
                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000
                         At January 1, 2021                  17,623          78,156      138,520        82,093             764        317,156
                         Recognized in profit or loss         (3,090)           227      (43,859)        9,874             (263)      (37,111)
                         Recognized in other
                           comprehensive income                   —               —        (2,511)           —               —         (2,511)
                         Exchange adjustment                      —               —        (1,021)           —               —         (1,021)

                         At December 31, 2021 and
                           January 1, 2022                   14,533          78,383       91,129        91,967             501       276,513
                         Recognized in profit or loss         (2,653)       (22,561)     (18,743)        (4,402)           (157)      (48,516)
                         Recognized in other
                           comprehensive income                   —              —       (17,791)            —               —        (17,791)
                         Exchange adjustment                      —              —         1,458             —               —         1,458

                         At December 31, 2022                11,880          55,822       56,053        87,565             344       211,664


                 (iii) Reconciliation to the consolidated statements of financial position:

                                                                                                                   2022               2021
                                                                                                          RMB’000                  RMB’000
                         Net deferred tax assets recognized in the consolidated
                           statements of financial position                                                 326,713                 289,972
                         Net deferred tax liabilities recognized in the
                           consolidated statements of financial position                                   (115,291)               (142,771)

                                                                                                            211,422                 147,201




178   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


28   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION - continued

     (c)   Deferred tax assets not recognized

           In accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(s), the Group did not recognize
           deferred tax assets of RMB47,768,000 (2021: RMB24,910,000), in respect of cumulative tax
           losses RMB198,843,000 (2021: RMB106,110,000) as at December 31, 2022. The Group did not
           recognize deferred tax assets of RMB7,917,000 (2021: RMB39,346,000), in respect of cumulative
           time differences RMB28,092,000 (2021: RMB137,069,000) as at December 31, 2022. It was not
           probable that future taxable profits against which the losses and time differences can be utilized
           will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entities.


     (d)   Deferred tax liabilities not recognized

           For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group did not recognize deferred tax liabilities of
           RMB37,443,000 (2021: RMB28,159,000), in respect of distributable profits of the Group’s PRC
           subsidiaries amounted to RMB748,851,000 (2021: RMB563,183,000), as the Group controls
           the timing of the reversal of temporary differences associated with undistributed profits of
           these subsidiaries and it has been determined that it is probable that these undistributed
           profits earned by the Group’s PRC subsidiaries will not be distributed in the foreseeable future
           in accordance with the Group’s dividend policy. As at December 31, 2022, the deferred tax
           liabilities not recognized in respect of distributable profits of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries is
           RMB122,531,000 (2021: RMB85,088,000).


29   DEFERRED INCOME

     As at December 31, 2022, deferred income represented unamortized conditional government grants
     amounting to RMB403,350,000 (2021: RMB417,613,000) for plant relocation and construction and
     encouragement of technology research and development.

     Deferred income is recognized as income upon the satisfaction of acceptance standards, completion
     of the relocation or amortized over the useful life of the related property, plant and equipment upon
     the completion of the construction.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022   179
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      30   EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS

           The Pre-IPO Share Incentive Scheme

           On October 1, 2019, the board of directors of the Company’s immediate parent company, SPHL,
           approved a grant of 1,023,000 restricted shares, of which 507,500 restricted shares were previously
           repurchased by SPHL through Excel Management Company Limited (“Excel management”) and the
           remaining 515,500 restricted shares were held by Mr. Ren Jinsheng through Excel Management. The
           restricted shares were granted to the directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries
           (“the Participants”) at a price of RMB50 per each restricted share or at nil price.

           Each restricted share gives the holder a right to receive the underlying ordinary share held by Excel
           Management pursuant to the conditions provided for under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme at
           the end of the respective vesting period.

           The 2021 RSU Scheme

           On May 20, 2021, the board of the Company approved the adoption of the 2021 Restricted Share Unit
           (“RSU”) Scheme and would grant up to 137,296,927 restricted shares to the Participants under the
           2021 RSU Scheme in aggregate.

           For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company allotted and issued 32,086,000 shares
           (December 31, 2021:19,649,000 shares), to Futu Trustee Limited or Tricor Trust (Hong Kong) Limited
           (“the Trustees”), which will be issued to Participants upon the vest of the RSUs granted under 2021
           RSU Scheme. Neither the Participants nor the Trustees may exercise any of the voting rights in
           respect of any shares held by the Trustees for the purpose of the 2021 RSU Scheme.




180   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (Expressed in Renminbi)


30   EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS - continued

     (a)   The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                                                                                                                Price per
                                             Number of                                                         restricted
                                             Restricted                                                            share
                                                shares     Vesting condition                                        RMB
            Restricted shares granted
              to directors and
              employees:

            Pre-IPO Share Incentive
              Scheme
            – on October 1, 2019                180,000    Cliff vest on December 31, 2021                             Nil
            – on October 1, 2019                843,000    Cliff vest on December 31, 2021                             50

            2021 RSU Scheme
            – on July 16, 2021               10,838,000    Graded vest of one third per year over three                Nil
                                                             years from the date of grant and subject to
                                                             performance conditions
            – on November 1, 2021             8,712,000    Graded vest of one third on August 27, 2022,                Nil
                                                             2023 and 2024, respectively, and subject to
                                                             performance conditions
            – on December 23, 2021           11,841,000    Graded vest of one third per year over three                Nil
                                                             years from the date of grant and subject to
                                                             performance conditions
            – on May 11, 2022                 6,810,000    Graded vest of one third of 1,500,000 RSUs                  Nil
                                                             on January 17, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
                                                             respectively, one third of 5,310,000 RSUs
                                                             on May 11, 2023, 2024 and 2025 and both
                                                             subject to performance conditions
            – on September 28, 2022          14,489,000    Graded vest of half of 80,000 RSUs on May                   Nil
                                                             11, 2023 and 2024, respectively, Graded
                                                             vest of one third of 528,000 RSUs on May
                                                             11, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, one
                                                             third of 13,881,000 RSUs on September
                                                             28, 2023, 2024 and 2025 and all subject to
                                                             performance conditions
            – on November 9, 2022             3,669,000    Cliff vest of 154,000 RSUs on November 9,                   Nil
              (Note)                                         2023, Graded vest of one third of 3,515,000
                                                             RSUs on November 9, 2023, 2024 and
                                                             2025, and both subject to performance
                                                             conditions

           Note: On November 9, 2022, the board of directors resolved to grant a total of 3,669,000 RSUs, of which 3,550,000
                 RSUs were subject to the approval by the independent shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting.

                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022     181
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      30   EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS - continued

           (b)   A summary of restricted shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

                                                                2022                             2021
                                                       Weighted                         Weighted
                                                        average        Number of         average        Number of
                                                      grant-date       restricted      grant-date       restricted
                                                       fair value         shares        fair value         shares
                                                            RMB             ’000            RMB              ’000
                  Balance at the beginning of
                    the year                                8.20          30,941            81.32             887
                  Grant during the year                     7.04          24,968             8.23          31,391
                  Vested during the year                    8.19          (9,481)           78.96            (751)
                  Forfeited during the year                 7.48          (6,496)           29.73            (586)

                  Balance at the end of the year            7.59          39,932             8.20          30,941



           (c)   Fair value of restricted shares granted

                 The grant-date fair value of the restricted shares granted is measured at the market price of the
                 Company’s shares at the respective grant date.

                 Share-based payment expense of RMB138,290,000 (2021: RMB62,392,000) is recognized as staff
                 costs in the consolidated statements of profit or loss for the year ended December 31, 2022.




182   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                (Expressed in Renminbi)


31   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS

     (a)   Movement in components of equity

           The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
           consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statements of changes in equity. Details of the
           changes in the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of
           the year are set out below:

            The Company                                                           Reserves
                                                            Share       Other     Exchange        Retained
                                                           capital    reserve       reserve         profits        Total
                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
            Balance at January 1, 2021                   3,002,871   2,085,626       (96,181)       (96,264)   4,896,052


            Changes in equity for 2021:
            Equity settled share-based transactions             —       42,516            —              —        42,516
            Appropriation of dividends                          —           —             —        (391,296)    (391,296)
            Profit and total comprehensive income for
              the year                                          —           —       (107,483)     1,223,418    1,115,935

            Balance at December 31, 2021 and
              January 1, 2022                           3,002,871    2,128,142     (203,664)       735,858     5,663,207


            Changes in equity for 2022:
            Equity settled share-based transactions            —      138,290             —              —      138,290
            Vesting of restricted shares                   78,260      (78,260)           —              —            —
            Appropriation of dividends                         —            —             —       (391,296)    (391,296)
            Loss and total comprehensive income for
              the year                                         —            —       430,207        (92,144)     338,063

            Balance at December 31, 2022                3,081,131    2,188,172      226,543        252,418     5,748,264




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022    183
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      31   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

           (b)   Dividends

                 (i)    Dividend payable to equity shareholders of the Company attribute to the year:

                                                                                           2022            2021
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
                         Dividends proposed after the end of the reporting period
                           of RMB 0.16 per ordinary share (2021: RMB 0.15 per
                           ordinary share)                                              425,660          394,244
                         Less: Dividends for unvested shares under 2021 RSU
                                 scheme                                                   (6,761)         (2,948)

                                                                                        418,899          391,296


                        The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognized
                        as a liability at the end of the reporting period.

                 (ii)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous
                        financial years, declared and approved during the year:

                                                                                           2022            2021
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
                         Dividends in respect of previous financial
                           years approved and paid during the year,
                           of RMB0.15 per share (2021: RMB0.15 per share)               391,296          391,296




184   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (Expressed in Renminbi)


31   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

     (c)   Share capital

                                                                        Number of          Number of
                                                                       outstanding        shares held
                                                                             shares           for RSU
                                                           Note           fully paid          scheme                     Total
             Number of ordinary shares issued:
             At January 1, 2021                                      2,608,641,618                        —     2,608,641,618
             Issues of ordinary shares under
                   2021 RSU Scheme                           (i)                   —       19,649,000              19,649,000

             At December 31, 2021 and January
                   1, 2022                                           2,608,641,618         19,649,000          2,628,290,618
             Issues of ordinary shares under
                   2021 RSU Scheme                           (ii)                 —        32,086,000             32,086,000
             Vesting of restricted shares                   (iii)         9,480,583        (9,480,583)                      —

             At December 31, 2022                                    2,618,122,201         42,254,417          2,660,376,618


                                                                                                 Note                    HKD
             Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
             At January 1, 2021, December 31, 2021 and January 1, 2022                                          3,474,779,512
             Vesting of restricted shares                                                         (iii)            89,478,610

             At December 31, 2022                                                                               3,564,258,122


           Notes:

           (i)      On July 28, 2021 and November 12, 2021, the Company allotted and issued 10,937,000 shares and 8,712,000
                    shares, respectively, to the Trustees for the purpose of the 2021 RSU Scheme (see Note 30).

           (ii)     On January 10, 2022, May 25, 2022, and November 4, 2022, the Company allotted and issued 11,841,000
                    shares, 6,776,000 shares and 13,469,000 shares to the Trustees for the purpose of the 2021 RSU Scheme
                    (see Note 30).

           (iii)    In 2022, a total of 9,480,583 restricted shares were vested under 2021 RSU Scheme. RMB78,260,000 (HKD
                    equivalent 89,478,610) was transferred from the other reserve to the share capital account in accordance
                    with policy set out in Note 2(r)(ii).

           In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary shares of
           the Company do not have a par value.

           The holders of ordinary shares, except for the shares held by the Trustees, are entitled to receive
           dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the
           Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022   185
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      31   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

           (d)   Nature and purpose of reserves

                 (i)     Other reserve

                         Other reserve primarily represented: (i) the paid-in capital of Simcere Pharmaceutical and
                         Hainan Simcere prior to the transactions in June and August 2017 respectively, during
                         the course of the reorganization under common control; (ii) the difference between the
                         carrying value of the net assets acquired and the consideration paid for the acquisition
                         of subsidiaries and non-controlling interests prior to the January 1, 2017 and during
                         the course of the reorganization under common control; (iii) the accumulated share
                         based compensation for the unexercised share options, which were cancelled upon the
                         privatization of the former holding company of the Group’s substantial operating business,
                         Excel Investments Group Limited (formerly known as Simcere Investments Group); and
                         (iv) the portion of the grant date fair value of restricted shares granted by SPHL to the
                         directors of the Company and employees of the Group; and (v) the accumulated share
                         based payments for the unvested restricted shares granted under 2021 RSU Scheme, which
                         are expected to vest, that has been recognized in accordance with the accounting policy
                         adopted for share-based payments in Note 2(r)(ii).

                 (ii)    PRC statutory reserve

                         Statutory reserve is established in accordance with the relevant PRC rules and regulations
                         and the articles of association of the companies comprising the Group which are
                         incorporated in the PRC.

                         In accordance with the PRC Company Law, certain subsidiaries of the Group which are
                         domestic enterprises are required to allocate 10% of their profit after tax, as determined
                         in accordance with the relevant PRC accounting standards, to their respective statutory
                         reserves until the reserves reach 50% of their respective registered capital. For the entity
                         concerned, statutory reserves can be used to make good previous years’ losses, if any, and
                         may be converted into capital in proportion to the existing equity interests of investors,
                         provided that the balance of the reserve after such conversion is not less than 25% of the
                         entity’s registered capital.

                 (iii)   Exchange reserve

                         The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the
                         translation of the financial statements of operations with functional currency other than
                         RMB. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policy as set out in Note
                         2(v).

                 (iv)    Fair value reserves (non-recycling)

                         The fair value reserve (non-recycling) comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value
                         of equity investments designated at FVOCI under HKFRS 9 that are held at the end of the
                         reporting period (see Note 2(g)).



186   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi)


31   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

     (e)   Capital management

           The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
           continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and
           benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level
           of risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.

           The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintaining a
           balance between the higher shareholders returns that might be possible with higher levels of
           borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes
           adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions.

           The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of an adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio.
           For this purpose, adjusted net debt is defined as total debt (which includes bank loans and lease
           liabilities) plus unaccrued proposed dividends, less cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted capital
           comprises all components of equity less unaccrued proposed dividends.

           The Group’s adjusted net debt to capital ratio are as follows:

                                                                                     2022               2021
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
            Current liabilities:
            Bank loans                                                          1,292,067          1,530,085
            Lease liabilities                                                      58,756             31,558

                                                                                1,350,823          1,561,643

            Non-current liability:
            Lease liabilities                                                     155,921             74,239

                                                                                  155,921             74,239

            Total debt                                                          1,506,744          1,635,882
            Add: Proposed dividends                                               418,899            391,296
            Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                    (1,657,600)          (973,139)

            Adjusted net debt                                                     268,043          1,054,039

            Total equity                                                        7,142,823          6,462,757
            Less: Proposed dividends                                             (418,899)          (391,296)

            Adjusted capital                                                    6,723,924          6,071,461

            Adjusted net debt to capital ratio                                       4.0%              17.4%




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022   187
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      32   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

           Capital commitments outstanding at the respective year end not provided for in the consolidated
           financial statements are as follows:

                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000
            Contracted for                                                             281,749          112,677

            Represented by:
            Construction of plant and buildings                                        209,634           71,919
            Acquisition of machinery and equipment                                      72,115           40,758

                                                                                       281,749          112,677



      33   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

           In June 2022, a subsidiary of the Group received a notice that it was being sued by a customer in
           respect of a supply arrangement of raw materials with an indemnity claim of approximately RMB200
           million. This claim was on its early stage. Based on the legal advice and available evidences, the
           directors do not believe it probable that the court will find against them. No provision has therefore
           been made in respect of this claim.


      34   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

           (a)   Key management personnel remuneration

                 Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the
                 Company’s directors as disclosed in Note 8 and certain of the highest paid employees as
                 disclosed in Note 9 is as follows:

                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000
                  Short-term employee benefits                                          71,104           23,872
                  Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                   745              269
                  Equity settled share-based payment expenses                           34,098           16,823

                                                                                       105,947           40,964


                 Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see Note 6(b)).




188   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


34   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

     (b)   Names and relationships of the related parties that had other material transactions with the
           Group:

            Name of related party                            Relationship
            Mr. Ren Jinsheng                                 Ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group
            Ms. Wang Xi                                      The spouse of the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                               of the Group
            Simcere Investments Group Limited                Controlling shareholder of the Group
            Jiangsu Simcare Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.         Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
              (Note (a))                                       of the Group
            Simcare Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.         Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
              (Note (a))                                       of the Group
            Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.    Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                               of the Group
            Nanjing Jiayuantang Biological Technology        Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
              Co., Ltd.                                        of the Group
            Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd.                Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                                                               controlling shareholder of the Group
            BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group        Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
              Co., Ltd.                                        of the Group
            Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co., Ltd.           Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                               of the Group
            Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd. Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                               of the Group
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd. Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                                                               controlling shareholder of the Group
            Nanjing BioSciKin Innovative Pharmaceutical      Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
              Retail Co., Ltd. (Note (a))                      of the Group
            Jiangsu BioSciKin Transformation Medical         Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
              Technology Co., Ltd.                             of the Group
            Simnova Biotherapeutics Limited                  Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                               of the Group
            Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection               Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
              Laboratory Co., Ltd.                             controlling shareholder of the Group




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022    189
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      34   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

           (b)   Names and relationships of the related parties that had other material transactions with the
                 Group: - continued

                  Name of related party                                     Relationship
                  3D Biological Medicines (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.              Associate of the Group
                       (Note(b))
                  Shanghai Youxu Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.                Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                                                                              controlling shareholder of the Group
                  Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co.,                Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                       Ltd. (Note(c))                                         of the Group
                  Simcere Innovation Inc. (Note(c))                         Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                              of the Group
                  Nanjing Xuanwu Youai Clinic Co., Ltd.                     Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                              of the Group
                  Hainan Vision Baihui Biotechnology Co., Ltd.              Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                              of the Group
                  Xianwei (Hainan) Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                  Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                              of the Group

                 Notes:

                 (a)     These entities were disposed by the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group on April 9, 2021 and no
                         longer recognized as the Group’s related parties since then.

                 (b)     On December 1, 2021, the Group ceased to have significant influence over this entity, and no longer
                         recognized it as the Group’s related party since then.

                 (c)     These entities were disposed by the Group to the controlling shareholder of the Group on May 7, 2021 and
                         recognized as the Group’s related parties since then.




190   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Renminbi)


34   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

     (c)   Other significant related party transactions

           The Group had following transactions with related parties:

                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000
            Purchase of goods
            Jiangsu Simcare Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                            —                   1
            Simcare Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                            —                  13
            Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd.                                  154               798
            Nanjing Jiayuantang Biological Technology Co., Ltd.              1,332             2,406

                                                                             1,486             3,218

            Purchase of services
            BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                 —                  22
            Jiangsu BioSciKin Transformation Medical Technology
              Co., Ltd.                                                         —                191
            Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co., Ltd.                           1,318               109
            Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd.          1,453               363
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                       —                  30
            Nanjing Xuanwu Youai Clinic Co., Ltd.                               84                 19

                                                                             2,855               734

            Sales of goods
            Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                        4                 —
            Jiangsu Simcare Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                            —              2,206
            Simcare Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                            —                602

                                                                                 4             2,808

            Rendering of services
            Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                        5            57,487
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                      136               312
            Nanjing BioSciKin Innovative Pharmaceutical Retail Co., Ltd.        —                  22
            Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.                     —              2,790
            Hainan Vision Baihui Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                        —                  50

                                                                               141            60,661




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022   191
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      34   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

           (c)   Other significant related party transactions - continued

                                                                               2022      2021
                                                                            RMB’000   RMB’000
                  Receiving rental, property management and
                    other related services
                  BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.        48,552     46,530
                  Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd.                2,400      2,301

                                                                             50,952     48,831

                  Providing rental, property management and
                    other related services
                  Xianwei (Hainan) Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                    1,303         —
                  Shanghai Youxu Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.                     —         27
                  3D Biological Medicines (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                   —       4,256
                  Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.             8,120      6,343

                                                                              9,423     10,626

                  Payments made on behalf of the Group
                  Simcere Innovation Inc.                                     3,578      1,102

                  Payments made on behalf of related party
                  Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.             3,496      2,661

                  Loans repaid by related parties
                  Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.                —     279,228
                  Simnova Biotherapeutics Limited                                —     135,490
                  Simcere Innovation Inc.                                        —      31,112

                                                                                 —     445,830

                  Disposal of interest in subsidiaries to
                  Simcere Investments Group Limited                              —     104,170




192   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


34   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

     (d)   Significant related party balances

           The Group had following trade in nature balances with related parties:

            Trade in nature:                                                        2022               2021
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000
            Trade receivables
            Hainan Vision Baihui Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                               —                  —
            Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                              —              7,222
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                              —                  10
            Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co.,Ltd.                             —                232

                                                                                       —              7,464

            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables
            Xianwei (Hainan) Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                                1,003                 —
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                             22                  —
            Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd.                                        124                124
            Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                              —              5,000
            Hainan Vision Baihui Biotechnology Co., Ltd                               50                  50
            Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.                         5,172             3,398
            BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                        —                  39

                                                                                    6,371             8,611

            Other payables and accruals
            Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd.                  384                  —
            Nanjing Xuanwu Youai Clinic Co., Ltd.                                     18                  —
            Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co., Ltd.                                     —                  15
            BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                     1,213                 —
            Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd.                                          —                396
            Jiangsu BioSciKin Transformation Medical Technology
              Co., Ltd.                                                                —                186
            Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                            432                  —
            Nanjing Jiayuantang Biological Technology Co., Ltd.                      334                579

                                                                                    2,381             1,176




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022   193
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      34   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

           (d)   Significant related party balances - continued

                 The Group had following non-trade in nature balances with related parties:

                  Non-trade in nature:                                                      2022            2021
                                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000
                  Lease liabilities
                  BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                     70,148           69,836

                  Other payables


                  Simcere Innovation Inc                                                   3,578               —

                  Other receivables


                  Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co.,Ltd.                           3,496               —


           (e)   Leasing arrangements

                 In 2022, the Group newly entered into lease contracts with a related party in respect of leasehold
                 property for research and development activities or office use, with lease term of three years.
                 The monthly rental payment by the Group under these leases is RMB797,000, which was
                 determined with reference to amounts charged by the related party to third parties. At the
                 commencement date of the lease, the Group recognized a right-of-use asset and a lease liability
                 of RMB27,566,000.

                 In 2021, the Group newly entered into a lease contract with a related party in respect of
                 leasehold property for office use, with lease term of five years. The monthly rental payment by
                 the Group under this lease is RMB35,000, which was determined with reference to amounts
                 charged by the related party to third parties. At the commencement date of the lease, the Group
                 recognized a right-of-use asset and a lease liability of RMB1,642,000.


           (f)   Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

                 The related party transactions during the year ended December 31, 2022 in respect of receiving
                 rental, property management and other related services from BioSciKin Precision Medical
                 Holding Group Co., Ltd. and Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd., providing rental,
                 property management and other related services to Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co.,
                 Ltd., and purchasing service from Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd.,
                 above constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in
                 Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
                 are provided in section Continuing Connected Transactions of the Directors’ Report.




194   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


34   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

     (f)   Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions - continued

           The related party transactions in respect of purchasing of goods from Jiangsu Yoai Technology
           Co., Ltd. and Nanjing Jiayuantang Biological Technology Co., Ltd., purchasing of service from
           Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co., Ltd. and Nanjing Xuanwu Youai Clinic Co., Ltd., sales of
           goods to Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd., providing rental, property management
           and other related services to Xianwei (Hainan) Biotechnology Co., Ltd., and rendering of service
           to Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd. and Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co.,
           Ltd. above constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined
           in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. However those transactions are exempt from the disclosure
           requirements in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules as they are below the de minimis threshold
           under Rule 14A.76(1) or they are sharing of administrative services under Rule 14A.98.

35   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the
     Group’s business. The Group’s exposure to these risks and financial risk management policies and
     practices used by the Group to manage these risks are described below:

     (a)   Credit risk

           Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations
           resulting in a financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to
           trade receivables. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents,
           pledged deposits, restricted deposits, time deposits and bills receivable is limited because the
           counterparties are reputable financial institutions with high credit standing, for which the Group
           considers to have low credit risk.

           The Group does not provide any guarantees which would expose the Group to credit risk.

           Trade receivables

           The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each
           customer rather than the industry or country in which the customers operate and therefore
           significant concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure
           to individual customers. As at December 31, 2022, 1% (2021: 1%) of trade receivables were due
           from the Group’s largest customer and 15% (2021: 15%) of trade receivables were due from the
           Group’s five largest customers.

           Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain
           amount. These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due
           and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as
           pertaining to the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade receivables are
           due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral
           from customers.

           The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs,
           which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience
           does not indicate significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss
           allowance based on past due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different
           customer bases.


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022   195
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      35   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

           (a)   Credit risk - continued

                 Trade receivables - continued

                 The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for
                 trade receivables at the end of each reporting period:

                                                                             At December 31, 2022
                                                                                         Gross
                                                                      Expected        carrying            Loss
                                                                      loss rate        amount        allowance
                                                                             %        RMB’000         RMB’000
                  Current (not past due)                                  0.6%       1,368,053            8,764
                  Less than 3 months past due                             1.0%         482,410            4,946
                  More than 3 months but less than
                    12 months past due                                    11.4%         10,588            1,211
                  More than 12 months past due                            95.0%         10,263            9,754

                                                                                     1,871,314           24,675


                                                                             At December 31, 2021
                                                                                         Gross
                                                                      Expected         carrying            Loss
                                                                      loss rate        amount        allowance
                                                                             %        RMB’000         RMB’000
                  Current (not past due)                                   0.7%       1,152,993           8,152
                  Less than 3 months past due                              0.9%        770,043            7,302
                  More than 3 months but less than
                    12 months past due                                     6.6%          71,794           4,738
                  More than 12 months past due                            80.0%          22,490          17,996

                                                                                      2,017,320          38,188


                 Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past years. These rates are
                 adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the
                 historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions
                 over the expected lives of the receivables.




196   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


35   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

     (a)   Credit risk - continued

           Trade receivables - continued

           Movement in the loss allowance in respect of trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                      2022                2021
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
            At the beginning of the year                                             38,188             20,841
            Amounts written off                                                          —                 (100)
            (Reversal)/recognition of impairment loss                               (13,513)            17,447

            At the end of the year                                                   24,675             38,188


           The following significant changes in the gross carrying amounts of trade receivables contributed
           to the change in the loss allowance:

           —    origination of new trade receivables net of those settled resulted in an increase in loss
                allowance of RMB612,000 (2021: RMB5,314,000); and

           —    change in past due trade receivables resulted in a decrease in loss allowance of
                RMB14,125,000 (2021: increase RMB12,033,000).


     (b)   Liquidity risk

           Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management,
           including the short-term investment of cash surpluses and the raising of loans to cover expected
           cash demands, subject to approval by the parent company’s board when the borrowings exceed
           certain predetermined levels of authority. The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity
           requirements and its compliance with lending covenants to ensure that it maintains sufficient
           reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to
           meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022   197
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      35   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

           (b)   Liquidity risk - continued

                 The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of each reporting
                 period of the Group’s financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash
                 flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on
                 rates current at the reporting date) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                                At December 31, 2022
                                                    Within      More than      More than                                   Carrying
                                                     1 year         1 year       2 years                                  amount at
                                                      or on       but less       but less    More than                 December 31,
                                                   demand     than 2 years   than 5 years      5 years         Total          2022
                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000
                  Bank loans                      1,298,619            —              —                —   1,298,619      1,292,067
                  Lease liabilities                 64,396         61,195         89,013        16,654      231,258         214,677
                  Trade and bills payables         334,444             —              —                —    334,444         334,444
                  Other payables and accruals     1,267,899            —              —                —   1,267,899      1,267,899

                                                  2,965,358        61,195         89,013        16,654     3,132,220      3,109,087


                                                                                At December 31, 2021
                                                     Within     More than      More than                                   Carrying
                                                     1 year         1 year        2 years                                 amount at
                                                      or on       but less       but less    More than                 December 31,
                                                   demand     than 2 years   than 5 years       5 years        Total          2021
                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000
                  Bank loans                      1,543,082             —              —               —   1,543,082      1,530,085
                  Lease liabilities                  34,889        32,824         44,638               —    112,351         105,797
                  Trade and bills payables         323,951              —              —               —    323,951         323,951
                  Other payables and accruals     1,162,014             —              —               —   1,162,014      1,162,014

                                                  3,063,936        32,824         44,638               —   3,141,398      3,121,847




198   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          (Expressed in Renminbi)


35   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

     (c)   Interest rate risk

           Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument
           will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises
           primarily from short-term and long-term borrowings and time deposits. Borrowings issued at
           variable rates and at fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk and fair value
           interest rate risk respectively. The Group’s interest rate profile as monitored by management is
           set out in (i) below:


           (i)   Interest rate profile

                 The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s total borrowings and time
                 deposits as at the end of each reporting period:

                                                            2022                               2021
                                                    Effective                          Effective
                                                Interest rate         Amount       Interest rate            Amount
                                                           %         RMB’000                  %            RMB’000
                  Fixed rate financial
                    instruments:
                  Financial assets
                    — Time deposits (current)   1.55%-3.65%           964,226      1.55%-3.20%             1,210,078
                    — Time deposits
                          (non-current)               3.85%            10,752      3.65%-3.85%               410,000
                  Financial liability:
                    — Bank loans                 1.0%-2.73%         (1,193,067)      0.2%-3.6%            (1,145,517)

                  Total                                              (218,089)                               474,561

                  Variable rate instruments:
                  Financial liability:
                    — Bank loans                  LPR-0.9%             (99,000) 1M-HIBOR+1.72%              (384,568)

                  Total                                              (317,089)                                89,993




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022   199
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      35   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

           (c)   Interest rate risk - continued

                 (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                        As the Group accounts for the above fixed rate financial instruments at amortized cost,
                        change in interest rates would have no impact on the Group’s financial statements. For the
                        variable rate instruments, at December 31, 2022, it is estimated that a general increase/
                        decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would
                        have decreased/increased the Group’s profit after tax and retained profits by approximately
                        RMB841,000(2021: RMB3,211,000).

                        The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit
                        after tax (and retained profits) and other components of consolidated equity that would
                        arise assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting
                        period and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group
                        which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of the reporting period.
                        In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-
                        derivative instruments held by the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on
                        the Group’s profit after tax (and retained profits) and other components of consolidated
                        equity is estimated as an annualized impact on interest expense or income of such a
                        change in interest rates. The analysis is performed on the same basis as 2021.


           (d)   Currency risk

                 The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and borrowings which give rise
                 to cash balances and bank loans that are denominated in a currency other than the functional
                 currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The currencies giving rise to this
                 risk are primarily USD, EUR and RMB.


                 (i)    Exposure to currency risk

                        The following table details the Group’s exposure as at December 31, 2022 to currency risk
                        arising from the recognized assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than
                        the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purpose, the
                        amounts of exposure are shown in RMB translated using the spot rate of the end of each
                        reporting period. Differences resulting from the translation of the financial statements
                        of the Group’s subsidiaries with functional currency other than RMB into the Group’s
                        presentation currency are excluded.




200   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in Renminbi)


35   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

     (d)   Currency risk - continued

           (i)   Exposure to currency risk - continued

                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000
                  USD
                  Cash and cash equivalents                           229,311              7,084
                  Trade and other receivables                          13,755                  —
                  Trade and other payables                           (199,321)           (38,303)

                  Net exposure                                         43,745            (31,219)


                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000
                  EUR
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                23                  25
                  Bank loans                                         (359,788)          (230,308)
                  Trade and other receivables                              —                 379
                  Trade and other payables                                 —                 (893)

                  Net exposure                                       (359,765)          (230,797)


                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000
                  RMB
                  Cash and cash equivalents                            57,751            347,657
                  Deposits                                            500,000          1,000,000
                  Trade and other receivables                          78,596                  —
                  Trade and other payables                           (201,297)                 —

                  Net exposure                                        435,050          1,347,657




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022   201
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      35   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

           (d)   Currency risk - continued

                 (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                        The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax
                        (and retained profits) that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has
                        significant exposure at the end of each reporting period had changed at that date, assuming
                        all other risk variables remained constant. In this respect, it is assumed that the pegged
                        rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar would be materially
                        unaffected by any changes in movement in value of the United States dollar against other
                        currencies.

                                                                  2022                                     2021
                                                          Increase/                                Increase/
                                                      (decrease) in      Effect on profit      (decrease) in      Effect on profit
                                                   foreign exchange        after tax and    foreign exchange        after tax and
                                                              rates      retained profits              rates      retained profits
                                                                               RMB’000                                  RMB’000
                         USD                                    5%                   609                 5%                (1,303)
                                                               (5%)                 (609)               (5%)                1,303


                         EUR                                    5%               (14,545)                5%                (9,808)
                                                               (5%)               14,545                (5%)                9,808


                         RMB                                    5%                16,859                 5%                53,585
                                                               (5%)              (16,859)               (5%)              (53,585)

                        Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of
                        the instantaneous effects on each of the Group subsidiaries’ profit after tax and equity
                        measured in the respective functional currencies, translated into RMB at the exchange rate
                        ruling at the end of each reporting period for presentation purpose.

                        The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been
                        applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the
                        Group to foreign currency risk as at December 31, 2022. The analysis excludes differences
                        that would result from the translation of the financial statements of entities whose
                        functional currency is not RMB. The analysis is performed on the same basis for the year
                        ended December 31, 2021.




202   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


35   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

     (e)   Fair value measurement

           Fair value hierarchy

           The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at
           the end of each reporting period on a recurring basis, categorized into the three-level fair value
           hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value
           measurement is classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance of
           the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

           — Level 1 valuations:         Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted
                                         quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at
                                         the measurement date;


           — Level 2 valuations:         Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs
                                         which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable
                                         inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are
                                         not available;


           — Level 3 valuations:         Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.

           The Group has a team headed by the finance manager performing valuations for the financial
           instruments, including unlisted equity securities, unlisted investments and unlisted units
           in investment funds which are categorised into Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The team
           reports directly to the chief financial officer. A valuation report with analysis of changes in fair
           value measurement is prepared by the team at each interim and annual reporting date, and is
           reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer. Discussion of the valuation process and
           results with the chief financial officer is held twice a year, to coincide with the reporting dates.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022   203
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      35   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

           (e)   Fair value measurement - continued

                 Fair value hierarchy - continued

                                                            Fair value at         Fair value measurement at
                                                           December 31,        December 31,2022 categorized into
                                                                    2022       Level 1         Level 2             Level 3
                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000
                  Recurring fair value measurement
                  Financial assets at FVOCI
                    — Listed equity securities                    23,414       23,414               —                  —
                    — Unlisted equity securities                 114,360            —         114,360                  —
                  Financial assets at FVPL
                    — Listed equity security                     876,263      876,263               —                  —
                    — Unlisted investments                       517,555            —         293,176           224,379
                    — Unlisted units in investment funds         662,882            —               —           662,882

                                                                                   Fair value measurement at
                                                            Fair value at      December 31,2021 categorized into
                                                           December 31,
                                                                    2021       Level 1         Level 2             Level 3
                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000
                  Recurring fair value measurement
                  Financial assets at FVOCI
                    — Listed equity securities                   240,527       240,527              —                   —
                    — Unlisted equity securities                  51,200            —           51,200                  —
                  Financial assets at FVPL
                    — Listed equity security                      16,307        16,307              —                   —
                    — Unlisted investments                       750,959            —          254,288          496,671
                    — Unlisted units in investment funds       1,173,109            —               —          1,173,109

                 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2.
                 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were transfers of amount of RMB174,532,000
                 from level 2 to level 3 due to significant unobservable inputs in 2022. During the year ended
                 December 31, 2022, there were transfers of amount of RMB423,941,000 (2021: RMB nil) from
                 Level 3 to Level 1 due to the listing of the equity security. During the year ended December 31,
                 2022, there were transfers of amount of RMB6,797,000 (2021: RMB48,035,000) from Level 3 to
                 Level 2 due to the available recently comparable transaction not using significant unobservable
                 inputs in 2022. The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy
                 as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.




204   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


35   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

     (e)   Fair value measurement - continued

           Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements

           The fair value of unlisted equity securities and certain unlisted investments in Level 2 is
           determined by recent comparable transaction price on the market. These investments were
           either acquired, re-invested by the Group recently or newly financed on the market.


           Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                   Valuation techniques               Significant unobservable inputs
             Unlisted investments                  Valuation multiples (Note i)       Changing trend of medium
                                                                                        market multiples of comparable
                                                                                        companies/medium market
                                                                                        multiples of comparable companies


             Unlisted units in                     Net asset value (Note ii)          Net asset value of underlying
                  investment funds                                                      investments

           Notes:

           (i)     The fair value of certain unlisted investments is determined using valuation multiples adjusted for changing
                   trend of medium market multiples of comparable companies or medium market multiples of comparable
                   companies. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to the changing trend of medium market
                   multiples of comparable companies. As at December 31, 2022, it is estimated that with all other variables
                   held constant, an increase/decrease in change of medium market multiples of comparable companies by 5%
                   would have increased/decreased the Group’s profit for the year by RMB9,451,000 (2021: RMB2,857,000).

           (ii)    The fair value of unlisted units in investment funds is determined referencing net asset value of underlying
                   investments. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to net asset value of underlying
                   investments. As at December 31, 2022, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, an
                   increase/decrease in net asset value of underlying investments by 5% would have increased/decreased the
                   Group’s profit for the year by RMB27,116,000 (2021: RMB48,333,000).




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022      205
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      35   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

           (e)   Fair value measurement - continued

                 Information about Level 3 fair value measurements - continued

                 The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances
                 for fair value measurement in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                        Financial     Financial
                                                                        assets at     assets at
                                                                           FVOCI          FVPL         Total
                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                  As at January 1, 2021                                   30,423      1,231,701    1,262,124

                  Net realized and unrealized losses on
                    financial assets at fair value through
                    profit or loss                                               —      51,954        51,954
                  Purchases                                                      —     426,757       426,757
                  Sales and settlements                                          —     (392,090)    (392,090)
                  Exchange difference                                            —      (24,448)     (24,448)
                  Reclass from investment in associates                          —     423,941       423,941
                  Transfer into Level 2                                   (30,423)      (48,035)     (78,458)

                  As at December 31, 2021 and
                    January 1, 2022                                              —    1,669,780    1,669,780

                  Net realized and unrealized losses on
                    financial assets at fair value through
                    profit or loss                                               —    (604,284)     (604,284)
                  Purchases                                                      —      61,804        61,804
                  Sales and settlements                                          —     (52,728)      (52,728)
                  Exchange difference                                            —      68,895        68,895
                  Transfer into Level 1                                          —    (423,941)     (423,941)
                  Transfer into Level 2                                          —       (6,797)      (6,797)
                  Transfer from Level 2                                          —     174,532       174,532

                  As at December 31, 2022                                        —     887,261       887,261


                 All financial instruments carried at cost or amortized cost are at amounts not materially
                 different from their values as at December 31, 2022.




206   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi)


35   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

     (f)   Equity price risk

           The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from financial assets measured as FVPL or
           FVOCI (see Notes 18 and 19).

           The Group’s listed investments are listed on the NASDAQ or Hong Kong Stock Exchange. All of
           the Group’s listed and unquoted investments are held for long-term strategic purposes. Their
           performance is assessed at least semi-annually against performance of similar listed entities,
           based on the limited information available to the Group, together with an assessment of their
           relevance to the Group’s long-term strategic plans.

           As at December 31, 2022, it is estimated that an increase/(decrease) of 1% (2021: 1%) in the
           equity prices of the respective instruments, with all other variables held constant, would have
           increased/decreased the Group’s profit after tax (and retained profits) and other components of
           consolidated equity as follows:

                                                                   2022                            2021
                                                          Effect on                       Effect on
                                                        profit after           Effect   profit after           Effect
                                                            tax and          on other      tax and           on other
                                                          retained        components      retained        components
                                                            profits         of equity       profits          of equity
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000
            Change in the equity price
              Increase                         1%             7,317              199            136             2,044
              Decrease                         (1%)          (7,317)            (199)          (136)           (2,044)

           The sensitivity analysis indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and
           retained profits) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise assuming that
           the changes in the stock market index or other relevant risk variables had occurred at the end
           of the reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by
           the Group which expose the Group to equity price risk at the end of the reporting period. It is also
           assumed that the fair values of the Group’s equity investments would change in accordance with
           the historical correlation with the relevant stock market index or the relevant risk variables, and
           that all other variables remain constant. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2021.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022     207
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      36   COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                                       2022       2021
                                                                                    RMB’000    RMB’000
            Non-current assets
            Property, plant and equipment                                                 12          23
            Interest in subsidiaries                                               3,953,928   3,048,379
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  1,400,451   1,344,856

                                                                                   5,354,391   4,393,258

            Current assets
            Other receivables                                                            166      26,166
            Amount due from subsidiaries                                             175,860     527,334
            Loans to subsidiaries                                                     14,179     329,603
            Time deposits                                                            512,506   1,000,000
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                 80,859     355,204

                                                                                     783,570   2,238,307

            Current liabilities
            Bank loans                                                                    —     384,568
            Loans from subsidiaries                                                  373,671    190,307
            Amount due to subsidiaries                                                    —     347,579
            Other payables                                                             5,609     35,487
            Taxation payable                                                          10,417     10,417

                                                                                     389,697    968,358

            Net current assets                                                       393,873   1,269,949

            Total assets less current liabilities                                  5,748,264   5,663,207

            NET ASSETS                                                             5,748,264   5,663,207

            CAPITAL AND RESERVES
            Share capital                                                          3,081,131   3,002,871
            Reserves                                                               2,667,133   2,660,336

            TOTAL EQUITY                                                           5,748,264   5,663,207


           Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on March 31, 2023.




                          Ren Jinsheng                                        Wan Yushan
                                Director                                        Director


208   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


37   NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     (a)     On February 14, 2023, the Group entered into an agreement with a third party to partially dispose
             its equity interests in BCY, representing 50% of the entire equity in BCY, at a cash consideration
             of RMB200,000,000. Upon the completion of the disposal, the Group will lose its control over BCY
             and the Group’s remaining shareholding in BCY will decrease to 13.57%.

     (b)     After the end of the reporting period the directors proposed a final dividend. Further details are
             disclosed in Note 31(b).


38   IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY

     At December 31, 2022, the directors of the Company consider the immediate parent of the Group is
     Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited, a company incorporated in Cayman Islands. The ultimate
     controlling party of the Group is Mr. Ren Jinsheng, Chairman of the Group. Simcere Pharmaceutical
     Holding Limited does not produce financial statements available for public use.


39   POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT
     NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

     Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or
     amended standard, which are not yet effective for the year ended December 31, 2022 and which have
     not been adopted in these financial statements. These developments include the following which may
     be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                       Effective for accounting
                                                                                            periods beginning
                                                                                                    on or after
      Amendments to HKAS 1, Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current            January 1, 2024
      HKFRS 17, Insurance contracts                                                            January 1, 2023
      Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements:                              January 1, 2023
           Classification of liabilities as current or non-current
      Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and HKFRS                     January 1, 2023
           Practice Statement 2, Making materiality judgements:
           Disclosure of accounting policies
      Amendments to HKAS 8, Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates               January 1, 2023
           and errors: Definition of accounting estimates
      Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: Deferred tax related to assets and                  January 1, 2023
           liabilities arising from a single transaction
      Amendments to HKFRS 16, Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback                          January 1, 2024
      Amendments to HKAS 1, Non-current Liabilities with Covenants                             January 1, 2024

     The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is
     expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is
     unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022   209
      FINANCIAL SUMMARY


      RESULTS

                                             2022        2021          2020          2019          2018
                                        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

       Revenue                         6,319,096     4,999,718     4,508,720    5,036,658     4,514,204
       Gross Profit                    4,996,850     3,919,735     3,608,793    4,148,172     3,743,009
       Other net gain                    254,264     1,215,210      326,924        15,941        90,501
       Research and
         development costs            (1,728,269)   (1,416,721)   (1,141,996)    (716,412)     (447,148)
       Profit before taxation            888,154     1,401,797      805,088     1,081,815       929,044
       Profit for the year               928,632     1,498,921      664,287     1,003,624       733,687
       Profit for the year
         attributable to equity
         shareholders of the
         Company                         932,768     1,507,096      669,534     1,003,624       733,687


      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                             2022        2021          2020          2019          2018
                                        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

       Non-current assets              5,327,329     5,181,594     4,476,578    3,869,229     2,672,707
       Current assets                  5,453,784     4,979,549     6,466,832    2,897,641     3,665,628
       Total assets                   10,781,113    10,161,143    10,943,410    6,766,870     6,338,335
       Non-current liabilities          (674,562)     (634,623)   (2,110,528)   (1,857,901)    (661,801)
       Current liabilities            (2,963,728)   (3,063,763)   (3,497,158)   (3,428,505)   (4,111,400)
       Total liabilities              (3,638,290)   (3,698,386)   (5,607,686)   (5,286,406)   (4,773,201)
       Total equity                   (7,142,823)   (6,462,757)   (5,335,724)   (1,480,464)   (1,565,134)




210   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
