先聲藥業集團有限公司



INTERIM REPORT
2025
CONTENTS
2    Corporate Information

4    Financial Highlights

5    Company Overview

7    Management Discussion and Analysis

34   Corporate Governance and Other Information

46   Independent Auditor’s Review Report

47   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

48   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

49   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

51   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

54   Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

55   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                    NOMINATION COMMITTEE

    Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman and         Mr. SONG Ruilin (Chairman)
      Chief Executive Officer)             Mr. REN Jinsheng
    Mr. TANG Renhong                       Ms. WANG Xi
    Mr. WAN Yushan                         Mr. WANG Jianguo
    Ms. WANG Xi                            Mr. SUNG Ka Woon


    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS    STRATEGY COMMITTEE

    Mr. SONG Ruilin                        Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman)
    Mr. WANG Jianguo                       Mr. TANG Renhong
    Mr. WANG Xinhua                        Mr. WANG Jianguo
    Mr. SUNG Ka Woon
                                           JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                           Mr. WAN Yushan
    Mr. WANG Xinhua (Chairman)             Ms. WONG Wai Ling
    Mr. SONG Ruilin
                                           AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. WANG Jianguo
                                           Mr. WAN Yushan
    REMUNERATION AND APPRAISAL COMMITTEE   Mr. TANG Renhong

    Mr. WANG Jianguo (Chairman)
    Mr. REN Jinsheng
    Mr. WAN Yushan
    Mr. WANG Xinhua
    Mr. SUNG Ka Woon




2   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                             CORPORATE INFORMATION


PRINCIPAL BANKS                                  HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

Bank of China Limited                            Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Nanjing Jiangbei New District Branch             Shops 1712-1716
Room 101, Building 2, 33 Mengze Road             17th Floor Hopewell Centre
Pukou District, Nanjing                          183 Queen’s Road East
Jiangsu PRC                                      Wan Chai
                                                 Hong Kong
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Nanjing Jiefang Road Sub-Branch
                                                 REGISTERED OFFICE
No. 53, Jiefang Road
Qinhuai District, Nanjing                        Unit 703, 7/F, Building 20E
Jiangsu PRC                                      Phase Three, Hong Kong Science Park
                                                 Shatin, New Territories
AUDITOR                                          Hong Kong

KPMG
                                                 HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL
Certified Public Accountants
                                                  PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in
  accordance with the Accounting and Financial   No. 699-18, Xuanwu Road
  Reporting Council Ordinance                    Xuanwu District, Nanjing
8/F Prince’s Building                            Jiangsu
10 Chater Road                                   PRC
Central, Hong Kong
                                                 PLACE OF LISTING AND STOCK CODE
LEGAL ADVISER
                                                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Tian Yuan Law Firm LLP                           2096
Suites 3304-3309
33/F, Jardine House
One Connaught Place
Central, Hong Kong


COMPANY’S WEBSITE

http://www.simcere.com




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025   3
    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


        For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group recorded the following unaudited financial results:

        •     Revenue was RMB3,585 million, representing an increase of 15.1% as compared to RMB3,114
              million for the same period of 2024.

        •     Revenue from the innovative pharmaceutical business was RMB2,776 million, accounting for
              77.4% of the total revenue and representing an increase of 26.0% as compared to RMB2,203
              million for the same period of 2024.

        •     Revenue of the Group was mainly derived from the therapeutic areas where its businesses are
              focused. Of which, revenue from the field of neuroscience was RMB1,249 million, accounting
              for 34.8% of the total revenue and representing an increase of 37.3% as compared to RMB909
              million for the same period of 2024. Revenue from the field of anti-oncology was RMB874 million,
              accounting for 24.4% of the total revenue and representing an increase of 41.1% as compared
              to RMB619 million for the same period of 2024. Revenue from the field of autoimmune was
              RMB878 million, accounting for 24.5% of the total revenue and representing an increase of 3.3%
              as compared to RMB850 million for the same period of 2024. Revenue from other fields was
              RMB584 million, accounting for 16.3% of the total revenue and representing a decrease of 20.5%
              as compared to RMB736 million for the same period of 2024.

        •     Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was RMB604 million, representing
              an increase of RMB147 million or 32.2% as compared to RMB457 million for the same period of
              2024. Adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company1 was RMB651 million,
              representing an increase of RMB113 million or 21.1% as compared to RMB538 million for the
              same period of 2024.




    1
            To supplement the financial information presented in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, the
            Group also uses adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company as a non-Hong Kong Financial
            Reporting Standards measure. Such measure is unaudited in nature and is not required by, or presented in accordance
            with, Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards.

            The adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company is defined by the Group as profit attributable to
            equity shareholders of the Company adjusted for the following items: (i) net realized and unrealized losses on financial
            assets at fair value through profit or loss; (ii) net realized and unrealized gain on associates at fair value through profit
            or loss; (iii) interest expenses arising from redemption liability; and (iv) income tax effect related to the above items.


4   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           COMPANY OVERVIEW


Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the               the Group’s sales department, which was divided
“Company”, together with its subsidiaries,              into four business units (neuroscience, anti-
the “Group”) is an innovation and R&D-driven            oncology, autoimmune & comprehensive and retail)
pharmaceutical company with a focus on the areas        and other support departments had a total of
of neuroscience, anti-oncology, autoimmune and          approximately 4,179 personnel across 31 provinces,
anti-infection, with forward-looking layout of          municipalities and autonomous regions in China,
disease areas that have significant clinical needs in   with its products covering over 3,000 Class III
the future, aiming to achieve the corporate mission     hospitals, approximately 17,000 other hospitals
of “born for the patients”.                             and medical institutions as well as more than 200
                                                        large-scale national or regional chain pharmacies.
The Group has ten innovative drugs approved
for marketing and sale in the focus areas. As of        The Group has established manufacturing
June 30, 2025, the Group had been recommended           infrastructures and quality management
in guidelines and consensuses issued by over            systems in line with international standards and
100 prestigious professional associations, and          has continuously improved its manufacturing
had over 45 products included in the National           capabilities of pharmaceuticals. The Group has put
Reimbursement Drug List (the “NRDL”).                   into use six PRC GMP certified production facilities
                                                        for the manufacturing of its pharmaceutical
The Group pays high attention to the establishment
                                                        products, and has received the EU GMP certification
of innovative pharmaceutical R&D capability,
                                                        or passed the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
and has established R&D innovation centers in
                                                        (“FDA”) inspection for some of its production
Shanghai, Nanjing, Beijing, Boston and Hong Kong,
                                                        workshops.
as well as a State Key Laboratory of Neurology
and Oncology Drug Development. The Group’s              Driven by its in-house R&D efforts and synergistic
R&D system has achieved functions covering the          innovation, the Group has established strategic
whole process from drug discovery, pre-clinical         cooperation partnerships with many innovative
development, clinical trial to registration, and owns   companies, research institutes and clinical
leading platforms of protein engineering, PAb/          centers at home and abroad, exploring multiple
TCE, ADC, AI-aided drug discovery and protein           collaborative modes in various aspects such
degradation. As of June 30, 2025, the Group had a       as cooperative R&D and achievement transfer,
R&D team of approximately 963 personnel in total        and continuously developing products that
with approximately 183 doctors and 532 masters.         patients urgently need and have significant
                                                        market potential. The Group has established the
The Group has a nationwide marketing network
                                                        Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) comprising over
and leading commercialization capability, and will
                                                        10 world-renowned scientists in the areas of
continuously strengthen its professional marketing
                                                        anti-oncology, neuroscience and autoimmune,
capability, so as to enhance the coverage and
                                                        etc., so as to bring their professional capabilities
accessibility of medicines. As of June 30, 2025,
                                                        and industrial experiences to provide scientific
                                                        advice for the Group’s early drug discovery and
                                                        clinical development and explore and create
                                                        unprecedented treatments.




                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025   5
    COMPANY OVERVIEW


    MAJOR PRODUCTS

                                               Neuroscience Products

                                  Sanbexin® (Edaravone and Dexborneol Concentrated Solution for Injection)


                                  Sanbexin® sublingual tablets (Edaravone and Dexborneol sublingual tablets)


                                  QUVIVIQ® (daridorexant hydrochloride tablets)


                                               Anti-oncology Products

                                  Endostar® (Recombinant Human Endostatin Injection)


                                  ENWEIDA® (Envafolimab Injection)


                                  COSELA® (Trilaciclib Hydrochloride for Injection)


                                  ENLITUO® (Cetuximab Beta Injection)


                                  ENZESHU® (Suvemcitug Injection)


                                               Autoimmune Products

                                  Iremod® (Iguratimod Tablets)


                                  ANTINE® (Diclofenac Sodium Sustained Release Capsules/Gel)


                                               Anti-infection Products


                                  XIANNUOXIN® (Simnotrelvir Tablets/Ritonavir Tablets (co-packaged))




6   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


INDUSTRY REVIEW

In the first half of 2025, the pharmaceutical industry of China continued to deepen reforms, with
innovation-driven becoming increasingly clear. In January, the NMPA issued the Deepening Drug Review
and Approval Reform Plan (Draft for Comment), introducing a “rolling submission + staged review”
mechanism; on June 16, it issued the Announcement on Optimizing Clinical Trial Reviews for Innovative
Drugs (Draft for Comment), reducing the time for IND approvals from 60 days to 30 days, significantly
improving review efficiency. In June, the NMPA and the National Health Commission of the PRC jointly
issued the Measures to Support High-Quality Development of Innovative Drugs, which for the first time
proposed a full-chain support policy, including a commercial insurance directory for innovative drugs, to
provide diversified payment guarantees for innovative drugs. With policy support, China’s pharmaceutical
industry is booming, with innovative drugs and internationalization becoming the most prominent themes.
The transition from a “pharmaceutical powerhouse” to a “pharmaceutical superpower” is accelerating,
and the industry as a whole is moving toward a new stage of high-quality development.


BUSINESS REVIEW

Innovative drug products have been commercialized continuously, which bring long-term healthy growth
momentum for the Group. As of the date of this report, innovative drugs that entered the commercialization
stage increased to ten (Endostar®, Iremod®, Sanbexin®, ENWEIDA®, COSELA®, XIANNUOXIN®, ENLITUO®,
Sanbexin® sublingual tablets, QUVIVIQ® and ENZESHU®), two innovative drugs (QUVIVIQ® and ENZESHU®)
were approved for marketing, and the New Drug Application (“NDA”) of two innovative drugs (Deunoxavir
Marboxil and Rademikibart®) were accepted.

Based on the unmet clinical demands, the Group promotes the R&D pipelines of innovative drugs
effectively. As of the date of this report, the Group has over 60 R&D pipelines of innovative drugs. The Group
added five investigational new drug applications (“IND(s)”)1, completed three First-in-human (“FIH(s)”)2
and three Last-Patient-In (“LPI(s)”)3.




1
     Five INDs added namely SIM0505 (advanced solid tumors, January 2025, China), SIM0686 (advanced solid tumors, April
     2025, China; July 2025, the United States), SIM0508 (in combination with Olaparib to be used in advanced solid tumors,
     August 2025, China), SIM0609 (advanced solid tumors, September 2025, China)

2
     Three studies completed FIH, namely SIM0505 (advanced solid tumors, phase I, January 2025), SIM0686 (advanced solid
     tumors, phase I, May 2025), SIM0500 (relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma, phase I, June 2025, the United States)

3
     A total of three studies completed LPI, namely Deunoxavir Marboxil (influenza in children, phase III, February 2025),
     LNK01001 (RA, phase III, March 2025) and TGRX-326 (non-small cell lung cancer, phase III)


                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025    7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    KEY MILESTONES
    During the Reporting Period and up to the date at this report, the Group made a series of advances in
    respect of its product candidates, business operations and business development, including the following
    key milestones and achievements:
    January 13, 2025           The Group’s self-developed drug candidate SIM0500 (GPRC5D-BCMA-CD3) has
                               entered into an option to license agreement (the “Agreement”) with AbbVie
                               (AbbVie). Under terms of the Agreement, AbbVie would have the option to license
                               SIM0500, while the Group would retain its rights in the Greater China region.
    January 17, 2025           The Group has entered into a cooperation agreement with Guangzhou Fermion
                               Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州費米子科技有限責任公司) in respect of FZ002-037, an
                               analgesic innovative drug candidates in clinical stage targeting SSTR4, pursuant
                               to which, the Group obtained exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the
                               product in the Greater China region.
    March 15, 2025             The NDA of Deunoxavir Marboxil, a category 1 innovative anti-influenza drug,
                               jointly developed by the Group and Andicon Bio, was accepted by the NMPA,
                               Deunoxavir Marboxil are for treating uncomplicated influenza A and B in adults
                               and adolescents.
    June 16, 2025              The Group has achieved strategic cooperation with NextCure, Inc. (NextCure) in
                               relation to a new ADC drug SIM0505 (CDH6-ADC), NextCure obtains global rights
                               (excluding the Greater China region) to SIM0505.
    June 20, 2025              QUVIVIQ ® (daridorexant hydrochloride tablets), an anti-hypnotic drug jointly
                               developed by the Group and Idorsia, was approved for marketing by the NMPA.
                               The indication of QUVIVIQ® is for the treatment of adult patients with insomnia
                               characterized by difficulties with sleep onset and/or sleep maintenance and
                               QUVIVIQ® has not been designated as a controlled substance.
    June 30, 2025              ENZESHU® (Suvemcitug for injection), a next-generation anti-tumor
                               angiogenesis (anti-VEGF antibody) category 1 biological new drug jointly
                               developed by the Group and Pyxis Oncology, was approved for marketing by
                               the NMPA. ENZESHU ® is indicated for the treatment of recurrent ovarian
                               cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or primary peritoneal cancer in combination with
                               paclitaxel, liposomal doxorubicin, or topotecan in adults who have received no
                               more than one systemic therapy after platinum resistance.
    July 9, 2025               The NDA of the innovative drug Rademikibart, jointly developed by the Group
                               and Connect Biopharma, was accepted by the NMPA for the treatment of atopic
                               dermatitis.
    September 3, 2025          The NDA of the anti-influenza drug Deunoxavir Marboxil Granules, jointly
                               developed by the Group and AnDiCon Biotech, was accepted by the NMPA, for
                               treating uncomplicated influenza A and influenza B in 2 to 11-year-old pediatric
                               patients.
    For details of each milestone above, please refer to the following sections of this report and, where
    appropriate, previous announcements of the Company published on the websites of The Stock Exchange of
    Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) and the Company.

    SUMMARY OF PRODUCT PIPELINES
    As of the date of this report, the Group has over 60 R&D pipelines of innovative drugs. Six drug candidates
    are in NDA/pivotal clinical stage1 and 12 molecules entered early clinical stage. The forms of innovative
    drugs under development contain monoclonal antibodies, bispecific antibodies, multi-specific antibodies,
    fusion proteins, antibody-drug conjugates (“ADC”) and small molecule drugs, etc. The extensive pipeline
    reserves have huge clinical and commercialization potential, which are expected to help more patients.
    The table below summarizes the therapeutic targets, therapeutic areas, rights and development of
    principal R&D pipelines of the Group as of the date of this report.


    1
         Including products with commercial rights, namely Deunoxavir Marboxil, LNK01001 and TGRX-326

8   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                           Product candidate
         Territory                                                              Pre-clinical                                            IND              Phase I       Phase II          Phase III     NDA/BLA
                                           (Target/Mechanism)

                                                                                          Anti-Oncology
                               Endostar® New indication
           Global                                                           Thoracoabdominal effusions（COREMAP study)
                               （Angiogenesis）

           Global              SIM0270 （SERD BM）                            Breast cancer

          China
                               TGRX-326 （ALK/ROS1）                          Non-small cell lung cancer
  (commercialization right)
                               Docetaxel polymeric micelles for
           Global                                                           Malignant ascites
                               injection （Tubulin inhibitor）
                               SIM0237 （PD-L1/IL15v bispecific
           Global                                                           Non-muscle invasive bladder cancer
                               antibody）

           Global              SIM0501 （USP1）                               Solid tumors（China and U.S.）

              China
(Option to license from AbbVie SIM0500
  for rights outside Greater                                                Multiple myeloma（China and U.S.）
                               （GPRC5D-BCMA-CD3 trispecific antibody）
             China)

            China              SIM0395 （PI3K/mTOR）                          Glioblastoma                                                                                          ( GBM AGILE study)


           Global              SIM0508 （Polθ）                               Solid tumors（China and U.S.）

             China
  (licensed-out to NextCure    SIM0505 （CDH6-ADC）                           Solid tumors (China and U.S.)
       outside of China)

           Global              SIM0686 （FGFR2b-ADC）                         Solid tumors (China and U.S.)

           Global              SIM0609 （CDH17-ADC）                          Solid tumors


            China              SIM0323 （CD80/IL2）                           Solid tumors


           Global              SIM0610 （EGFR/cMet-ADC）                      Solid tumors

           Global              SIM0613 （LRRC15-ADC）                         Solid tumors


           Global              SIM0682 （B7H3/cMet-ADC）                      Solid tumors

           Global              SIM0532 （PanRAS）                             Solid tumors


           Global              SIM0512 （WRN）                                Solid tumors


                                                                                            Neuroscience
                               Sanbexin® sublingual tablets
           Global                                                           AIS (U.S.)
                               （Free radicals and inflammatory cytokines）

                                                                            PSCI

                               Sanbexin® injection New Indication
           Global                                                           ICH
                               （Free radicals and inflammatory cytokines）

            China              SIM0800 （AQP4）                               Stroke with cerebral edema


           Global              SIM0811                                      AIS, MI, etc.


                                                                                            Autoimmune

            China              Rademikibart （IL-4Rα）                        Atopic Dermatitis


                                                                            Asthma

             China
  ( licensed-out to Almirall   SIM0278 （IL-2-mu-Fc）                         AD, LN, etc.
       outside of China)




           Global              SIM0708 （IL-4Rα ADC）                                           )
                                                                            AD, COPD, Asthma，etc.




           Global              SIM0711 （IRAK4 PROTAC）                       AD, etc.

           Global              SIM0709 （TL1A/IL23p19）                       UC and CD

          China
                               LNK01001 （JAK1）                              RA and AS
  (commercialization right)

                                                                                           Anti-infective
          China
                               Deunoxavir Marboxil（PA）                      Influenza(adult/adolescent)
  (commercialization right)

                                                                            Influenza (child)


                                                                            Post-exposure prophylaxis for influenza A and B (aged 2 years and above)




                                       Development status of the Group                                                                                 Development status of partner(s)




                                                                                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025    9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     INNOVATIVE DRUGS AT THE COMMERCIALIZATION STAGE

     Up to the date of this report, the Group has successfully expanded its commercialized portfolio of
     innovative drugs into ten: Endostar ® , Iremod ® , Sanbexin ® , ENWEIDA ® , COSELA ® , XIANNUOXIN ® ,
     ENLITUO ® , Sanbexin ® sublingual tablets, QUVIVIQ ® and ENZESHU ® , spanning over multiple areas,
     including neuroscience, anti-oncology, autoimmune and anti-infection, which have significant market
     potentials and synergistic effects. For the six months ended June 30, 2025, revenue from innovative
     pharmaceutical business was approximately RMB2,776 million, accounting for 77.4% of the total revenue.


     MILESTONES AND ACHIEVEMENTS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

     Neuroscience Products


     Sanbexin® (Edaravone and Dexborneol Concentrated Solution for Injection)

     Sanbexin® is a category I innovative drug
     developed by the Group with proprietary
     intellectual property right used to treat acute
     ischemic stroke (“AIS”). Sanbexin ® was approved
     for marketing in China in July 2020 and has been
     included in the NRDL since December 2020 and
     renewed its inclusion in the NRDL in November
     2024.

     For the six months ended June 30, 2025, Sanbexin® Injection, accounting for approximately 29% of the
     market share in stroke injection, covered approximately 0.91 million patients and over 5,900 medical
     institutions.


     Data Release

     •    In April 2025, the Chinese Expert Consensus on Clinical Practice for Cerebral Cell Protection in
          Bchemic Stroke was published. The consensus recommends the individualized use of Edaravone and
          Dexborneol during the hyperacute and acute phases of acute ischemic stroke, provided that it does
          not interfere with the implementation of vascular recanalization therapy.




10   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Sanbexin® sublingual tablets (Edaravone and Dexborneol sublingual tablets)

Sanbexin® sublingual tablets is a brain
cytoprotective agent composed of edaravone and
dexborneol, two active ingredients with synergistic
anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory effects,
which can significantly reduce brain cell injury or
impairment caused by AIS. Such unique sublingual
tablets formulation can quickly disintegrate once
in contact with the saliva under the tongue and can
be absorbed into the blood through the sublingual
venous plexus, which is expected to increase the flexibility of stroke treatment. Sanbexin® sublingual
tablets are expected to form a sequential therapy combined with Sanbexin® injection, enabling patients to
receive a complete course of treatment in and outside of the hospital.

In December 2024, Sanbexin® sublingual tablets was approved for marketing in China, aiming at improving
the neuro symptoms, the daily living abilities and dysfunction caused by AIS. In August 2024, Sanbexin®
sublingual tablets was granted the “Breakthrough Therapy” designation by the FDA, which was the first
innovative drug in the global stroke treatment sector receiving such designation and the first innovative
drug in the Chinese neuroscience sector receiving such designation.


Data Release

•    In May 2025, Peking Union Medical College Hospital’s multi-center, randomized, double-blind
     and placebo-controlled TASTE-SVD study, which focuses on acute cerebral small vessel disease,
     premiered at the ‌11th European Stroke Organisation Conference (ESOC).




                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     QUVIVIQ® (daridorexant hydrochloride tablets)

     QUVIVIQ® is a dual orexin receptor antagonist (“DORA”).
     Unlike traditional sedative-hypnotic drugs that promote
     sleep by sedating the brain, QUVIVIQ® works by blocking
     the binding of wake-promoting orexin neuropeptides
     (orexin A and orexin B) to their receptors. As a result,
     QUVIVIQ ® reduces wake drive and facilitates the onset
     of sleep, decreases wake time after sleep onset, and
     extends total sleep duration, without altering sleep
     architecture. Clinical study results have shown that
     QUVIVIQ® has a favorable safety and tolerability profile,
     with no evidence of rebound insomnia, withdrawal
     symptoms, or drug abuse. In addition to improving nighttime sleep in adults with insomnia disorder,
     QUVIVIQ® also enhances daytime functioning. It is the only DORA insomnia medication approved by the
     European Medicines Agency (EMA) for improving daytime functioning. The Guidelines for the Diagnosis and
     Treatment of Insomnia Disorders in China (2nd Edition), published in 2025, strongly recommend QUVIVIQ ®
     with Grade A evidence. Previously, QUVIVIQ® has been approved for marketing in 11 countries including the
     United States, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, as well as in the Hong Kong SAR of China.


     Registration Progress

     •    On June 17, 2025, QUVIVIQ® was approved for marketing in China. QUVIVIQ® is for the treatment of
          adult patients with insomnia characterized by difficulties with sleep onset and/or sleep maintenance
          and QUVIVIQ® has not been designated as a controlled substance.


     Data Release

     •    In January 2025, the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Insomnia Disorders in the
          PRC (2nd Edition), which was edited by the Chinese Sleep Research Society and published by the
          People’s Medical Publishing House, strongly recommended Daridorexant with Grade A evidence.
          The guidelines recommended Daridorexant’s efficacy in improving nighttime sleep and daytime
          functioning in adult insomnia patients, coupled with favorable safety and requiring no dosage
          adjustment for elderly patients.

     •    In June 2025, the multi-center, randomized, double-blind, parallel and placebo-controlled
          Daridorexant Phase III clinical trial in China, which was led by the Xuanwu Hospital, Capital Medical
          University and participated by 33 research centers, published preliminary results in SLEEP magazine,
          demonstrating Daridorexant 50mg’s statistically significant improvements in both objective and
          subjective sleeping conditions of the Chinese insomnia patients, coupled with favorable safety.




12   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Oncology Products

Endostar® (Recombinant Human Endostatin Injection)

Endostar ® is the first anti-angiogenic targeted
drug in China and the first endostatin approved
for sale worldwide. Endostar ® has been included
in the NRDL since 2017 and is recommended as
a first-line treatment for patients with advanced
non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”) by a number
of oncology clinical practice guidelines issued
by the National Health Commission of the PRC
(“NHC”), Chinese Medical Association (中華醫學
會) and Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (“CSCO”). Also, it has been included in the recommendations
by various guidelines in relation to nasopharyngeal carcinoma, melanoma, esophageal carcinoma and
osteosarcoma.


Data Release

•    In January 2025, as stated in the China Esophagus Cancer Radiotherapy Guidelines 2024 (《中國食
     管癌放射治療指南（2024年版）》) jointly issued by the Chinese Society of Radiation Oncology (branch
     association of the Chinese Medical Association) ( 中 華 醫 學 會 放 射 腫 瘤 治 療 分 會 ), the Chinese
     Association for Therapeutic Radiation Oncologists (branch association of the Chinese Medical Doctor
     Association) (中國醫師協會放射腫瘤治療醫師分會) and the Society of Radiation Therapy of the China
     Anti-Cancer Association ( 中 國 抗 癌 協 會 腫 瘤 放 射 治 療 專 業 委 員 會 ), Endostar ® was recommended
     by the consensus in the section on anti-angiogenic therapy for esophageal cancer again. The
     recommendation was as follows: recombinant human endostatin + oxaliplatin + radiotherapy or
     recombinant human endostatin + Paclitaxel + Nedaplatin (squamous cell carcinoma, first-line, Grade
     II recommendation, Category 2B evidence), or recombinant human endostatin + Irinotecan + cisplatin
     (squamous cell carcinoma, second-line, Grade II recommendation, Category 2B evidence).

•    In June 2025, the 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting was held in
     Chicago. Two studies on Endostar ® were selected for this meeting, with the following titles: (1)
     Sintilimab + Nab-PP Combined with Recombinant Human Vascular Endothelial Inhibitor for Locally
     Advanced/Advanced and Recurrent Metastatic Squamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: Study
     Protocol for a Single-Arm, Multi-Centre Phase II Clinical Study; and (2) Real-world research on the
     effect and safety of gemcitabine combined with PD-1 inhibitors and recombinant human endostatin in
     refractory recurrent nasopharyngeal carcinoma.




                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025   13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     ENWEIDA® (Envafolimab Injection)

     ENWEIDA ® is the world’s first PD-(L)1 antibody
     to be administered by subcutaneous injection
     approved for marketing. Its unique method of
     injection differentiates itself from other PD-
     (L)1 products currently on the market, with the
     differentiation advantages of short administration
     time and good safety. In March 2020, the Group
     entered into a tripartite cooperation agreement in
     relation to ENWEIDA® with 3D (Beijing) Medicines
     Inc. ( 思 路 迪（ 北 京 ）醫 藥 科 技 有 限 公 司 ) and
     Jiangsu Alphamab Biopharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (江蘇康寧傑瑞生物製藥有限公司). The above-mentioned
     agreement provides the Group with the exclusive right to promote ENWEIDA® for all oncology indications
     and the right of first refusal of external licensing or assignment in the Chinese mainland.


     Data Release

     •    In January 2025, American Society of Clinical Oncology Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium
          (ASCO GI) was held in San Francisco, California, United States. ENWEIDA ® had two poster
          presentations selected for this conference, covering the latest applications of ENWEIDA in gastric/
          gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma and pancreatic cancer.

     •    In May 2025, ENWEIDA ® continued to be included in two key CSCO guidelines: CSCO Clinical
          Application Guidelines for Gastric Cancer 2025 (《2025 CSCO胃癌臨床應用指南》) (Level I) and CSCO
          Clinical Application Guidelines for Colorectal Cancer 2025 (《 2025 CSCO結直腸癌臨床應用指南》)
          (Level II).

     •    In June 2025, the 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting was held in
          Chicago. ENWEIDA® had 11 researches selected for this conference, covering aspects of non-small-
          cell lung cancer, small-cell lung cancer, pancreatic cancer, biliary tract cancer, cholangiocarcinoma,
          esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, osteosarcoma and soft tissue sarcoma.




14   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


COSELA® (Trilaciclib Hydrochloride for Injection)

COSELA® is an effective, selective and
reversiblecycl in-dependent kinases 4 and 6
(CDK4/6) inhibitor. COSELA® is the world’s
first-in-class comprehensive myeloprotection
innovative drug that can de-administered prior to a
chemotherapy. In August 2020, the Group entered
into the exclusive license agreement with G1
Therapeutics, Inc. to develop and commercialize
COSELA® in the Greater China region. In February
2021, COSELA® was approved for marketing by the
FDA. In July 2022, the marketing of COSELA ® in China has obtained the conditional approval by the NMPA.
In April 2023, the Group has obtained full rights to the sales milestones of COSELA®. In December 2023,
the localization application of COSELA® has been approved by the NMPA and it can be produced by the
production enterprises of the Group in Haikou, Hainan Province, which further improved its accessibility
to patients with cancer in China. Currently, the product has been recommended by the related key
guidelines of National Comprehensive Cancer Network Guidelines (NCCN), CSCO and other organizations.
In November 2024, COSELA® was successfully included in NRDL.


Data Release

•    In May 2025, COSELA ® continued to be included in CSCO Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for
     Small-Cell Lung Cancer 2025 (《2025 CSCO小細胞肺癌診療指南》) (Level I).

•    In June 2025, the 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting was held in
     Chicago. COSELA® had 4 researches selected for this conference, covering aspects of non-small-cell
     lung cancer, small-cell lung cancer, etc.




                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025   15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     ENLITUO® (Cetuximab Beta Injection)

     ENLITUO ® is a recombinant anti-epidermalgrowth factor
     r ec ep to r ( “EGFR”) ch i meri c mon o cl onal ant ibody f or
     first-line treatment of RAS/BRAF wild-type metastatic
     colorectal cancer (“mCRC”) in combination with FOLFIRI.
     ENLITUO ® is prepared using a specific expression process,
     effectively avoiding glycosylation modification that may
     lead to hypersensitivity without black box warnings in
     the instruction. In June 2024, ENLITUO ® was approved
     for marketing in China by the NMPA and is the first anti-
     EGFR monoclonal antibody innovative drug developed in China with independent intellectual property
     rights which has been approved by the NMPA for first-line treatment of mCRC. The successful launch of
     ENLITUO® will provide high quality and affordable biological targeted remedy for Chinese mCRC patients.
     In November 2024, ENLITUO® was successfully included in NRDL.


     Data Release

     •    In April 2025, the 2025 CSCO Guideline Meeting was held in Jinan City. ENLITUO® was included in the
          recommendations of the CSCO Guidelines for Colorectal Cancer 2025 (《2025 CSCO結直腸癌指南》)
          for patients of first-line treatment with wild-type RAS and BRAF that are potentially resectable: Left-
          sided colorectal cancer‌– Cetuximab B and FOLFIRI (Level I); Right-sided colon cancer‌- Cetuximab B
          and FOLFIRI (Level II).

     •    In May 2025, research information from the ENLITUO ® phase III registration clinical studies was
          published in Nature’s journal Signal Transduction and Targeted Therapy (impact factor 40.8).
          Pivotal clinical information: progression-free survival (“PFS”) - the median PFS in the ENLITUO ®
          combination group was 13.1 months, which was 3.5 months longer than that in the chemotherapy-
          only group; overall survival (“OS”) – the median OS in the ENLITUO ® combination group was 28.3
          months, which was significantly better than the 23.1 months of the chemotherapy group. The study
          results marked a major breakthrough in the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer in China and
          filled the gap in domestically produced anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies.




16   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


ENZESHU® (Suvemcitug for Injection)

ENZESHU ® is a next-generation recombinant
humanized anti-vascular endothelial growth
factor (“VEGF”) monoclonal antibody developed
by the Group and Pyxis Oncology, Inc., and is the
first anti-angiogenic therapy for patients with
platinum-resistant ovarian cancer.

By potently blocking the binding of VEGF to its
receptor, ENZESHU® inhibits tumor angiogenesis,
thereby achieving an anti-tumor effect. With a
unique molecular design featuring a differentiated VEGF-binding epitope, ENZESHU® has demonstrated
significantly greater inhibitory activity against the binding of VEGF to its receptor (VEGFR2) compared to
bevacizumab, as well as stronger suppression of human vascular endothelial cell proliferation. Preclinical
studies have shown that ENZESHU® exhibits enhanced biological activity and superior tumor-inhibitory
effects relative to bevacizumab at the same dosage across multiple tumor models. The randomized
double-blind placebo controlled registrational Phase III clinical trial of ENZESHU® (the SCORES study)
demonstrated significant benefits in the primary efficacy endpoint of PFS assessed by the Blinded
Independent Review Committee (BIRC) as well as investigator-assessed PFS. For the key secondary
endpoint, OS was prolonged in the treatment group compared to the control group.


Registration Progress

•    On June 30, 2025, ENZESHU® was approved for marketing in China. It is indicated for the treatment
     of recurrent ovarian cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or primary peritoneal cancer in combination
     with paclitaxel, liposomal doxorubicin, or topotecan in adults who have received no more than one
     systemic therapy after platinum resistance.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025   17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Autoimmune Products

     Iremod® (Iguratimod Tablets)

     Iremod ® is the first Iguratimod pharmaceutical
     product approved for marketing in the world.
     Iremod ® has been included in the NRDL since
     2017. The indication is the active rheumatoid
     arthritis. Iremod® is recommended as the
     primary therapy drug for the treatment of active
     rheumatoid arthritis by a number of clinical
     practice guidelines and pathways issued by the
     NHC, Chinese Medical Association, Asia Pacific
     League of Associations for Rheumatology and
     Labor and Welfare of Japan. Since its launch in 2012, Iremod ® has benefited over 1 million patients in
     China, which further consolidated its leading market position in the traditional DMARDs sector.


     Data Release

     •    In May 2025, the ‌R egional Traditional Chinese Medicine (Rheumatology) Diagnosis and Treatment
          Center of the National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine‌ and the ‌N ational Regional
          Diagnosis and Treatment Center Specialist Alliance of Integrated Traditional Chinese and Western
          Medicine Rheumatology‌ jointly released the Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of
          Rheumatoid Arthritis with Integrated Traditional Chinese and Western Medicine (2025 Edition) (《類風
          濕關節炎中西醫結合診療專家共識（2025版）》). The consensus states: if monotherapy with csDMARDs
          (including Iremod®) shows no clinical improvement after three months or fails to achieve treatment
          goals by six months, it is recommended to combine with other csDMARDs. Alternatively, csDMARDs
          may be combined with bDMARDs or tsDMARDs (strength of recommendation: A, evidence level:
          1a), or it may be combined with Tripterygium compound preparations (strength of recommendation:
          A, evidence level: 1a) or nux vomica compound preparations or aconite compound preparations
          (strength of recommendation: B, evidence level: 3).

     •    In June 2025, the 2025 European League Against Rheumatism (EULAR) Annual Meeting was held
          in Barcelona, Spain. Iremod® had one study selected for this conference, titled Efficacy and Safety
          of Tofacitinib Combined with Iguratimod in Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis with Inadequate
          Response to csDMARDS.




18   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Anti-infection Products

XIANNUOXIN® (Simnotrelvir Tablets/Ritonavir Tablets (co-packaged))

XIANNUOXIN ® is the first domestic 3CL small
molecule anti-SARS-CoV-2 innovative drug
with independent intellectual rights in China.
On November 17, 2021, the Group entered into
a technology transfer contract with Shanghai
Institute of Materia Medica and Wuhan Institute of
Virology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, pursuant
to which, the Group obtained the development,
production and commercialization rights on an
exclusive basis of Simnotrelvir worldwide. In
July 2024, XIANNUOXIN® has been reviewed and approved by the NMPA for conversions from conditional
approval to regular approval, which became the first oral anti-SARS-CoV-2 innovative drug which has
obtained regular approval in China.


Data Release

•    In April 2025, a study in Antimicrobial agents and chemotherapy evaluated the efficacy of Simnotrelvir
     against various Omicron variants, reaffirming its potent in vitro inhibitory activity against virus
     replication, and also effectively suppressing some of the Nirmatrelvir variants. Clinical trials have
     demonstrated that the combination of Simnotrelvir and Ritonavir has significantly shortened the relief
     of SARS-CoV-2 patients, and that patients have not developed refractory mutation.

•    In July 2025, a real-world study confirmed that while Simnotrelvir/Ritonavir was comparable
     to Nirmatrelvir/Ritonavir in reducing the cumulative risks such as 28-day compound disease
     progression, all-cause mortality and respiratory support in hospitalized patients with SARS-
     CoV-2 infections, Simnotrelvir/Ritonavir was more advantageous in improving clinical outcomes in
     hospitalized patients with SARS-CoV-2.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025   19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     DRUG CANDIDATES AT THE NDA TRIAL STAGE

     Anti-infection Products

     Deunoxavir Marboxil (PA)1

     Deunoxavir Marboxil is an inhibitor for influenza polymerase acidic (PA) protein. Preclinical studies have
     shown that Deunoxavir Marboxil demonstrates several benefits, including the absence of central nervous
     system side effects, no effect of food intake on oral drug absorption and higher safety dose. The entire oral
     dose of Deunoxavir Marboxil is merely “one tablet” and is capable of stopping influenza virus replication
     in 24 hours, having a prospect of bringing great convenience to a large number of patients, including child
     patients.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •    In January 2025, the children’s granules of Deunoxavir Marboxil phase III clinical study has completed
          the LPI.

     •    In February 2025, the children’s granules of Deunoxavir Marboxil has obtained the IND Approval
          issued by the NMPA, which is intended for commencing the clinical trial for post-exposure prevention
          of influenza type A and B among population aged 2 years old and above.


     Registration Progress

     •    In March 2025, the NDA of Deunoxavir Marboxil Tablets has been accepted by the NMPA, which can be
          used to treat uncomplicated influenza A and B in adults and adolescents.

     •    In September 2025, the NDA of Deunoxavir Marboxil Granules has been accepted by the NMPA, which
          can be used to treat uncomplicated influenza A and influenza B in 2 to 11-year-old pediatric patients.


     Autoimmune Products

     Rademikibart (IL-4Rα)

     Rademikibart is a fully human monoclonal antibody targeting IL-4R α, a common subunit of IL-4 receptor
     and IL-13 receptor. By binding with IL-4R α, Rademikibart can block the functions of IL-4 and IL-13
     effectively, thereby blocking the Th2 inflammatory pathway, thus achieving the goal of treating Th2 related
     inflammatory diseases such as atopic dermatitis and asthma.


     Registration Progress

     •     In July 2025, the NDA of Rademikibart has been accepted by the NMPA, which can be used to treat
           of atopic dermatitis in adults and adolescents.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •     The phase III clinical study of Rademikibart in asthma is underway.


     1
          A product with commercial right

20   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


DRUG CANDIDATES AT PHASE III TRIAL STAGE

Anti-oncology Products

SIM0270 (SERD)

SIM0270 is a second-generation oral SERD with blood-brain barrier penetration characteristics
independently developed by the Group. SIM0270 was significantly more effective than fulvestrant a
marketed intramuscular SERD product, in an in vivo model, comparable to the leading compound in the
clinical trial phase, and reflected a brain-blood ratio significantly better than competitive compounds and
showed a much better tumor inhibition effect than fulvestrant in the orthotropic model of breast cancer
brain. It is expected to be used for the treatment of breast cancer with brain metastases.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    SIM0270 in combination with everolimus compared the treatment selected by investigators, which is
     intended for ER+/HER2-locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer after treatment with a CDK4/6
     inhibitor, where subjects in the clinical trial were randomized, open and under recruitment for phase
     III investigation.


TGRX-326 (ALK/ROS1)1

TGRX-326 is the latest generation of novel type 1 drug for the treatment of NSCLC driven by ALK/ROS1
positive fusion gene cooperated by the Group and Shenzhen TargetRx, Inc. (深圳市塔吉瑞生物醫藥有限公
司), pursuant to which, the Group obtained the exclusive commercialization rights of the product in Chinese
Mainland. TGRX-326 has high blood-brain barrier permeability, and is effective for the treatment of NSCLC
with brain metastasis.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    The phase III clinical study of TGRX-326 has completed the LPI.




1
     A product with commercial right


                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025   21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Autoimmune Products

     LNK01001 (JAK1)1

     LNK01001 is a highly selective JAK1 inhibitor which has completed 3 phase II clinical studies for patients
     with rheumatoid arthritis (RA), ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and atopic dermatitis (AD), all of which have
     successfully met their corresponding primary and secondary endpoints. No related adverse effects of
     approved JAK1 inhibitors, such as major adverse cardiovascular events, blood clots, serious infection
     or formation of malignant tumors, were observed. In March 2022, the Group entered into a cooperation
     agreement with Lynk Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. ( 淩 科 藥 業（杭 州）有 限 公 司 ) (“Lynk Pharmaceuticals”),
     pursuant to which, the Group obtained the exclusive commercialization interest of LNK01001 for
     rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis indications in China and be responsible for promotion after
     regulatory approval.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •    In March 2025, the phase III clinical study of the RA indication of LNK01001 has completed LPI.




     1
          A product with commercial right


22   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


DRUG CANDIDATES AT PHASE I TRIAL STAGE (SELECTED)

Anti-oncology Products

SIM0237 (PD-L1/IL15v bispecific antibody)

SIM0237 is an anti-PD-L1 monoclonal antibody fused with IL-15/IL15R α sushi protein and developed
in-house by utilizing the Group’s protein engineering platform. It can block the PD1/PD-L1
immunosuppressive pathway via binding to PD-L1 and activate the immune system through its IL-15 part,
thus playing a synergistic role of relieving immunosuppression and boosting the immune system to exhibit
antitumor effect. Preclinical studies showed that SIM0237 is more effective than PD-L1 or IL-15 mono
treatment in mouse tumor models, suggesting a high potential for clinical development.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    Phase I clinical trial of SIM0237 mono treatment bladder installation for non-muscle invasive bladder
     cancer (“NMIBC”) is under active recruitment, which has positive initial clinical effect data and good
     safety.

•    The Centre for Drug Evaluation (“CDE”) has approved the research of the usage of SIM0237 in
     combination with BCG in NMIBC, and has completed the FPI.


SIM0501 (USP1 small molecule inhibitor)

SIM0501 is an oral, non-covalent and highly selective small molecule inhibitor of Ubiquitin Specific
Peptidase 1 (“USP1”) independently developed by the Group with global intellectual property rights. In
preclinical in vitro and in vivo pharmacology studies, SIM0501 has shown significant anti-proliferation
activity against HRD tumors as a monotherapy or in combination with PARPi, which demonstrates high
potential for clinical development.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    SIM0501 tablets mono treatment is under the progress of phase I clinical study of advanced malignant
     solid tumors.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025   23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     SIM0500 (humanized GPRC5D-BCMA-CD3 trispecific antibody)

     SIM0500 is a humanized trispecific antibody that targets GPRC5D, BCMA, and CD3, developed
     independently by the Group using T-cell engager poly-specific antibody technology platform. This
     molecule features a low affinity/high target-activating CD3 engaging arm and binding sites for the two
     tumor antigens: G-Protein-coupled receptor class 5 member D (GPRC5D) and B-cell maturation antigen
     (BCMA). SIM0500 has shown strong T cell cytotoxicity against multiple myeloma (MM) cells by leveraging a
     combination of various antitumor effects.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •    In June 2025, the phase I clinical trial of SIM0500 completed the FIH in the United States.


     Milestone of Strategic Cooperation

     •    In January 2025, the Group has entered into an option to license agreement (the “Agreement”) with
          AbbVie. Under terms of the Agreement, AbbVie would have the option to license SIM0500, an IND
          candidate. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Group will receive an upfront payment from AbbVie,
          and is eligible to receive option fees and milestone payments of up to US$1.055 billion, as well as
          tiered royalties on net sales outside of the Greater China territory. AbbVie is eligible to receive tiered
          royalties on net sales in the Greater China territory.


     SIM0395 (Paxalisib)

     SIM0395 is a BBB-penetrant inhibitor of the PI3K/mTOR pathway. A phase II clinical study showed that
     Paxalisib has shown highly encouraging signals of clinical efficacy among glioblastoma patients with
     unmethylated MGMT promoter status. Paxalisib was awarded the GBM orphan drug certification by FDA
     in 2018 and the fast track certification by FDA, the rare childhood disease and orphan drug certification
     of diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma (DIPG) in 2020. In March 2021, the Group entered into an exclusive
     licensing agreement with Kazia to introduce the development and commercialization rights of SIM0395 for
     all indications in the Greater China region.




24   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


SIM0508 (Pol θ small molecule inhibitor)

Pol θ is a DNA polymerase, whose mediation of MMEJ repair pathway is one of the important approaches
for repairing DNA double strand breaks.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    SIM0508 tablets mono treatment is under the progress of phase I clinical research of advanced
     malignant solid tumors.

•    In August 2025, the IND application of SIM0508, which was in combination with Olaparib to be used in
     locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors patients, was approved by the NMPA.


SIM0505 (CDH6-ADC)

CDH6, a Class II classical cadherin, is highly expressed in a variety of tumors but with very limited
expression in normal tissues. SIM0505 is a CDH6-targeting ADC molecule developed by the Group, which
consists of CDH6 monoclonal antibody specifically binding to tumor cells and the Group’s proprietary
camptothecin derivative toxin, conjugated by a linker. By combining the tumor-specific targeting antibody
with the high-efficiency killing effect of toxin molecules, SIM0505 can specifically target tumor cells
and reduce the toxic side effects compared to traditional chemotherapies. Such ADC is intended for the
treatment of malignant tumors such as ovarian and renal cancer.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    In February 2025, the phase I clinical trial of SIM0505 completed the FIH at the Fudan University
     Shanghai Cancer Center (復旦大學附屬腫瘤醫院).


Milestone of Strategic Cooperation

•    In June 2025, a subsidiary of the Company, Hainan Simcere Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (海
     南先聲再明醫藥股份有限公司) (“Simcere Zaiming”), entered into a license agreement (the “License
     Agreement”) with NextCure, Inc. (“NextCure”). Pursuant to the License Agreement, (i) NextCure
     obtains global rights (excluding the Greater China region) to SIM0505; (ii) NextCure is eligible to
     access Simcere Zaiming’s proprietary TOPO isomerase I inhibitor (“TOPOi”) payload for a NextCure
     novel target ADC in preclinical development; and (iii) Simcere Zaiming will have Greater China rights
     to the novel target ADC.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025   25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     SIM0686 (FGFR2b-ADC)

     SIM0686 is an ADC drug targeting FGFR2b. Fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) is a transmembrane
     tyrosine kinase receptor of fibroblast growth factor (FGF). At present, there are four known subtypes,
     namely FGFR1, FGFR2, FGFR3 and FGFR4. Such ADC is intended to be developed for the treatment of
     advanced malignant tumors like gastric cancer and lung cancer.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •    In April 2025, the IND application for SIM0686 was approved by the NMPA, which was intended for
          commencing the clinical trial for advanced solid tumors.

     •    In May 2025, the FIH for the aforementioned clinical trial was completed at Nanjing Tianyinshan
          Hospital (南京天印山醫院).

     •    In July 2025, the IND for SIM0686 was approved by the FDA.


     SIM0609 (CDH17-ADC)

     SIM0609 is a new antibody-drug conjugate targeting CDH17. It comprises a humanized monoclonal
     antibody conjugated via the Group’s proprietary new water-soluble cleavable linker to a new
     Topoisomerase I (TOP-I) inhibitor independently developed by the Group. CDH17 is highly expressed in
     various cancers, including gastric cancer, colorectal cancer, pancreatic cancer, and ovarian cancer,
     demonstrating potential as a therapeutic target for advanced solid tumors, particularly gastrointestinal
     tumors.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •    In September 2025, the IND application of SIM0609 has been approved by the NMPA.




26   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Autoimmune Products

SIM0278 (IL2muFc)

SIM0278 is an Fc fusion protein (IL2muFc) with an IL2 mutein of Regulatory T cells (“Treg”), developed
based on the Group’s protein engineering technology platform. By introducing the mutation, the affinity
of SIM0278 to effector T cells is reduced, while the high affinity of Treg cells is retained and then the
selectivity of Treg cells is improved. In September 2022, the Group entered into a licensing agreement
with Almirall S.A. (“Almirall”), which is an international biopharmaceutical company. Pursuant to
the agreement, the Group grants Almirall an exclusive rights and interests in the development and
commercialization of SIM0278 outside Greater China, and retains all rights and interests in the Greater
China region.


Neuroscience Products

SIM0800 (AQP4)

SIM0800 is an Aquaporin-4 (AQP4) inhibitor developed based on the Aquaporin water channel theory
which has been awarded the Nobel Prize. It is intended for the treatment of acute severe ischemic stroke
complicated by cerebral oedema, as a first-in-class small molecule drug with a novel mechanism of action
for brain oedema therapy. The Group entered into a license agreement with Aeromics, Inc. in October 2019,
pursuant to which, the Group obtained a proprietary and sublicensable license for its self-funded research,
development, production and commercialization of SIM0800 in the Greater China region.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

The Group attaches great importance to the protection of intellectual property rights. For the six months
ended June 30, 2025, the Group had 149 new patent applications (including domestic and overseas
unpublished patent applications), being 148 invention patents and an appearance design patent. As of June
30, 2025, the Group has accumulatively obtained 317 invention patents, 99 utility model patents and 32
appearance design patents.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025   27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Revenue

     For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB3,585 million,
     representing an increase of approximately 15.1% as compared to RMB3,114 million for the same period of
     2024.

     Revenue of the Group was mainly derived from the therapeutic areas where its businesses are focused.
     Of which, revenue from the field of neuroscience was RMB1,249 million, accounting for 34.8% of the total
     revenue and representing an increase of 37.3% as compared to RMB909 million for the same period of
     2024. Revenue from the field of anti-oncology was RMB874 million, accounting for 24.4% of the total
     revenue and representing an increase of 41.1% as compared to RMB619 million for the same period of
     2024. Revenue from the field of autoimmune was RMB878 million, accounting for 24.5% of the total revenue
     and representing an increase of 3.3% as compared to RMB850 million for the same period of 2024. Revenue
     from other fields was RMB584 million, accounting for 16.3% of the total revenue and representing a
     decrease of 20.5% as compared to RMB736 million for the same period of 2024.


     THE EXPENDITURE ON RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES

     The expenditure on research and development activities of the Group includes research and development
     costs and the addition of intangible assets with in-licensed rights.

     •    For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the total expenditure on research and development activities
          of the Group amounted to RMB1,028 million, representing an increase of 68.0% as compared to
          RMB612 million for the same period of 2024. The expenditure on research and development activities
          accounted for 28.7% of the revenue, representing an increase of 9 percentage points as compared to
          19.7% for the same period of 2024.

     •    For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the research and development costs amounted to RMB632
          million, representing an increase of 11.7% as compared to RMB566 million for the same period
          in 2024. The research and development costs accounted for 17.6% of the revenue, representing a
          decrease of 0.6 percentage point as compared to 18.2% for the same period of 2024.

     •    For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the addition of intangible assets with in-licensed rights
          amounted to RMB396 million, representing a significant increase as compared to RMB46 million for
          the same period in 2024. The addition of intangible assets with in-licensed rights accounted for 11.0%
          of the revenue, representing an increase of 9.5 percentage points as compared to 1.5% for the same
          period in 2024.


     PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

     The Group recorded a profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of RMB604 million for the
     six months ended June 30, 2025, representing an increase of 32.2% as compared to RMB457 million for the
     same period in 2024.




28   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


NON-HKFRS MEASURE – ADJUSTED PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE
COMPANY

To supplement the financial information presented in accordance with HKFRS, the Group also uses
adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company as a non-HKFRS measure. Such
measure is unaudited in nature and is not required by, or presented in accordance with, HKFRS. The Group
defines adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company as profit attributable to equity
shareholders of the Company after adjusting the following items: (i) net realized and unrealized losses on
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss; (ii) net realized and unrealized gain on associates at
fair value through profit or loss; (iii) interest expenses arising from redemption liability; and (iv) income
tax effect related to the above items. The Group is of the view that the Group’s management and investors
may benefit from referring to such measure in assessing the financial performance of the Group’s core
businesses by eliminating the impacts of certain non-recurring, non-cash and/or non-operating items.
However, the presentation of adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company may not be
comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies as it does not have a standardized
meaning. The application of the non-HKFRS measure has limitations as an analytical tool, and the
Shareholders and investors should not consider it in isolation from, or as substitute for analysis of, the
results of operations or financial condition of the Group as reported under HKFRS.

For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the
Company amounted to RMB651 million, representing an increase of 21.1% as compared to RMB538 million
for the same period of last year.




                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025   29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table presents the Group’s adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
     and the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with HKFRSs,
     which is profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company:

                                                                                                  Six months ended June 30
                                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                  (unaudited)         (unaudited)
      Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                                        603,607             456,600
      Add/(less):
      Net realized and unrealized losses on financial assets
           at fair value through profit or loss(1)                                                      21,388              84,175
      Net realized and unrealized gain on associates at fair value through
           profit or loss                                                                                (4,893)                   –
      Interest expenses arising from redemption liability           (2)
                                                                                                        34,865                5,103
      Effect of corresponding income tax                                                                 (3,745)             (8,208)

      Adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                               651,222             537,670

     Notes:

     (1)    Net realized and unrealized losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss arises from the remeasurement
            of the Group’s investments in certain private companies and investment funds, listed equity securities, structured
            deposits and wealth management products at fair value.

     (2)    Interest expenses arising from redemption liability represent the change in the carrying amount of the financial liability
            issued in connection with the capital contributions in Simcere Zaiming (as defined below).




30   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

The Group maintained a sound financial position. For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the net cash
generated from operating activities was RMB867 million, while the net cash generated from operating
activities for the same period of last year was RMB863 million. As of June 30, 2025, the Group had cash
and cash equivalents of RMB2,671 million (as of December 31, 2024: RMB1,943 million), time deposits of
RMB519 million (as of December 31, 2024: RMB498 million). As of June 30, 2025, the Group had a balance
of bank loans of RMB1,059 million (as of December 31, 2024: RMB1,059 million), of which RMB1,051 million
(as of December 31, 2024: RMB1,051 million) would mature within one year. As of June 30, 2025, RMB1,059
million of the Group’s bank loan balances bore interest at fixed rates, and the effective interest rate range
for these loans was 0.95% to 1.15% per annum.

As of June 30, 2025, the current ratio (calculated by total current assets divided by total current liabilities)
of the Group was 173.3% (as of December 31, 2024: 200.4%), while the gearing ratio (calculated by total
liabilities divided by total assets) was 42.6% (as of December 31, 2024: 38.6%). The decrease in current
ratio was mainly due to: (1) in January, 2025, the Company entered into an option to license SIM0500, an
investigational new drug candidate, with AbbVie Inc. and received an upfront payment of RMB358 million,
(2) in June, 2025, the Group entered into an amendment agreement with Idorsia and made upfront payment
and a regulatory milestone payment of RMB359 million, and (3) in June, 2025, the Company’s milestone
payment for the approval for marketing of ENZESHU® of RMB20 million were accrued, and these contract
payments were all accounted as liabilities. The increase in gearing ratio was mainly due to the receipt of an
investment amount of RMB1,070 million by Simcere Zaiming, a subsidiary of the Company, from third party
investors which was accounted for as financial liabilities, as well as the effect of the aforesaid contract
payments were all accounted as liabilities.

Currently, the Group follows a set of funding and treasury policies to manage its capital resources and
prevent risks involved. The Group expects to fund the working capital and other capital requirements from
a combination of various sources, including but not limited to external financing at reasonable market
rates. In order to better control and minimize the cost of funds, the treasury management activities of the
Group are managed on a centralized basis.

The assets and liabilities of the Group were denominated in RMB, USD, GBP and HKD. During the
Reporting Period, the Group did not employ financial derivatives or enter into foreign derivative contracts
to hedge against foreign exchange risk. However, the Group manages the foreign exchange risks by
closely monitoring the net exposure of foreign exchange risk to minimize the impact of foreign exchange
fluctuations.




                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025   31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     PLEDGE OF GROUP’S ASSETS

     As of June 30, 2025, the Group pledged bills receivable of approximately RMB41 million for issuance of
     bank acceptance bills and pledged bank deposits of approximately RMB22 million for issuance of letter of
     guarantee. As of June 30, 2025, leasehold land with net book value of approximately RMB109 million was
     pledged as security for banking facilities, which were not utilized as of June 30, 2025. Save as disclosed
     above, as of June 30, 2025, none of the Group’s assets were pledged.


     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     As of June 30, 2025, the Group did not have material contingent liabilities.


     MATERIAL LITIGATION

     One of the Group’s subsidiaries was involved in an economic dispute with a customer. In May 2025, an
     arbitration award confirmed that the Group was required to make a compensation to the customer and
     bear the related litigation costs amounting to RMB20.93 million. As a result, the Group recorded a litigation
     loss of RMB20.93 million during the Reporting Period.

     Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period and as of the date of this report, no member of the
     Group has been involved in any other material litigation, arbitration or claims. So far as is known to the
     Directors, no member of the Group has any other pending or threatened material litigation, arbitration or
     claims.


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

     As of June 30, 2025, the Group did not hold any significant investments.


     FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

     Save as disclosed in “Use of Proceeds from the Listing” in this report, as of June 30, 2025, the Group did
     not have any other future plans for material investments and capital assets.


     MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

     For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group had no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries,
     associates and joint ventures.




32   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As of June 30, 2025, the Group had a total of 6,815 full-time employees. The Group attached great
importance to the recruitment, training and retention of outstanding employees, maintaining a high
standard in selecting and recruiting talents worldwide, and offered competitive compensation packages.
The remuneration of employees mainly included basic salary, performance-based bonus and long-term
incentives. Remuneration of the Directors and senior management who worked full time for the Company
shall be determined by the remuneration and appraisal committee of the Company under the Board with
reference to the principal duties, the results of performance assessment as well as the remuneration level
in the market of the relevant managerial positions. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, staff costs
of the Group (including emoluments of the Directors, social insurance and other benefits) amounted to
RMB1,101 million. The Group established Simcere Institute, which provides employees with training on a
regular basis, including orientation programs and technical training for new employees, professional and
management training for middle and senior management and health and safety training across all staff.
In addition, the Group has also adopted a restricted share unit (“RSU”) scheme on May 20, 2021 (the “2021
RSU Scheme”), with an aim to (1) incentivise the existing and incoming directors, senior management and
employees for their contribution to the Group; and (2) attract, motivate and retain skilled and experienced
personnel to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group by providing them with the
opportunity to own equity interests in the Company.

During the Reporting Period, the Board resolved on March 25, 2025 to grant an aggregate of 1,777,000
RSUs, representing 1,777,000 underlying Shares, to an aggregate of 45 eligible participants (all of whom
are employees of the Group) under the 2021 RSU Scheme at nil consideration. For details of such grant,
please refer to the announcement of Company dated March 25, 2025.


PROSPECTS

In the current financial year and future, the Group will uphold the corporate mission of “born for the
patients” actively, enhance market distribution and deepen the cooperation with medical institutions at all
levels while exploring diversified sales channels, so as to increase the market share and accessibility of its
launched products and lay a solid foundation for sustainable development. In addition, the Group will also
provide more quality treatment options for patients and contribute more to the health and wellbeing of the
community by way of enhancing R&D processes, enhancing the cooperation in production and research,
improving R&D efficiency continuously, strengthening the gradient of pipelines, commencing overseas
clinical trials proactively as well as promoting the overseas licensing of pipelines under research.




                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025   33
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
     As of June 30, 2025, the interest or short position of the Directors or chief executives of the Company
     in the shares of the Company (the “Shares”), underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its
     associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter
     571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”)) which were (i) required to be notified to the Company and the
     Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interest or short positions
     which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (ii) required, pursuant to
     section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or (iii) required, pursuant to the
     Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) to be notified to
     the Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:


     Long Position in Shares

                                                                                                Number of
                                                                                                   Shares/ Approximate
                                                                                                underlying percentage of
      Name of Director/                                                                             Shares shareholding
      chief executive                       Nature of interest                                  interested     interest(1)
      Mr. REN Jinsheng     (2)
                                            Interest in controlled corporations                244,586,948
                                            Interest of concert parties                      1,543,241,720
                                            Interest of spouse                                     285,600

                                            Sub-total                                        1,788,114,268              72.26%


      Mr. TANG Renhong                      Beneficial owner                                      1,550,000              0.06%

      Mr. WAN Yushan(3)                     Beneficial owner                                      1,228,333
                                            Beneficiary of a trust (other than                      554,734
                                             a discretionary interest)

                                            Sub-total                                             1,783,067              0.07%

      Ms. WANG Xi(4)                        Beneficial owner                                        229,600
                                            Beneficiary of a trust (other than                       56,000
                                              a discretionary interest)
                                            Interest of spouse                               1,787,828,668

                                            Sub-total                                        1,788,114,268              72.26%

     Notes:

     (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 2,474,697,618 issued Shares as of June 30, 2025.

     (2)   Mr. REN Jinsheng, together with Simcere Investments Group Limited (“SIG”), P&H Holdings Group Ltd. (“P&H
           Holdings”), Right Wealth Holdings Limited (“Right Wealth”), Mr. REN Yong, Ms. LI Shimeng, Mr. REN Weidong, Ms.
           REN Zhen and Ms. PENG Suqin (collectively, the “Ultimate Controlling Shareholders”), collectively hold 1,787,828,668
           Shares, including (i) 592,810,031 Shares and 950,431,689 Shares directly held by Artking Global Limited (“Artking”) and
           Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited (“SPHL”), respectively, both of which are companies controlled by the Ultimate
           Controlling Shareholders; and (ii) 116,259,578 Shares and 128,327,370 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and
           Fortune Fountain Investment Limited (“FFI”), respectively, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng.
           By virtue of the SFO, as the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders are deemed to be persons acting in concert under the
           Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buybacks (the “Takeovers Code”), each of them is deemed to be interested
           in the Shares held by each other. Mr. REN Jinsheng is also deemed to be interested in (i) 229,600 Shares held by his
           spouse, Ms. WANG Xi; and (ii) 56,000 Shares underlying the RSUs granted to Ms. WANG Xi. As of June 30, 2025, such
           56,000 RSUs remain unvested, and such vesting is subject to vesting conditions.


34   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


(3)   Mr. WAN Yushan (i) directly holds 1,228,333 Shares; (ii) is interested in 554,734 RSUs granted to him under the 2021
      RSU Scheme which entitled him to receive the aggregate of 554,734 Shares subject to vesting. As of June 30, 2025, such
      554,734 RSUs remain unvested, and such vesting is subject to vesting conditions.

(4)   Ms. WANG Xi (i) directly holds 229,600 Shares; (ii) is interested in 56,000 RSUs granted to her under the 2021 RSU
      Scheme which entitled her to receive an aggregated of 56,000 Shares subject to vesting. As of June 30, 2025, such
      56,000 RSUs remain unvested, and such vesting is subject to vesting conditions; and (iii) is deemed to be interested in
      an aggregate of 1,787,828,668 Shares directly and indirectly held by her spouse, Mr. REN Jinsheng, together with other
      Ultimate Controlling Shareholders who are deemed to be persons acting in concert under the Takeovers Code.

Save as disclosed above, as of June 30, 2025, so far as is known to the Directors, none of the Directors
or the chief executives of the Company had or were deemed to have any interest or short position in
the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 7 and
8 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section
352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES

As of June 30, 2025, the interests or short positions of persons (other than the Directors and chief executive
of the Company) in the Shares or underlying Shares (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were
required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the
register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO were as follows:


Long Position in Shares

                                                                                           Number of
                                                                                            Shares or       Approximate
                                                                                           underlying percentage of
                                                                                                Shares     shareholding
 Name of Shareholder                   Nature of interest                                   interested          interest(1)
 Mr. REN Yong(2)(3)                    Interest in controlled corporations/             1,787,828,668              72.24%
                                         Interest of concert parties/
                                         Founder of a discretionary trust
 Ms. LI Shimeng     (2)(3)
                                       Interest in controlled corporations/             1,787,828,668              72.24%
                                         Interest of concert parties/
                                         Interest of spouse
 P&H Holdings     (2)(3)
                                       Interest in controlled corporations/             1,787,828,668              72.24%
                                         Interest of concert parties
 Mr. REN Weidong(2)(4)                 Interest in controlled corporations/             1,787,828,668              72.24%
                                         Interest of concert parties
 Right Wealth(2)(4)                    Interest in controlled corporations/             1,787,828,668              72.24%
                                         Interest of concert parties
 Ms. REN Zhen(2)(5)                    Interest in controlled corporations/             1,787,828,668              72.24%
                                         Interest of concert parties



                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025    35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     Long Position in Shares

                                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                                   Shares or    Approximate
                                                                                                  underlying percentage of
                                                                                                       Shares   shareholding
      Name of Shareholder                     Nature of interest                                   interested       interest(1)
      Ms. PENG Suqin(2)(6)                    Interest in controlled corporations/             1,787,828,668           72.24%
                                                Interest of concert parties
      Artking(2)(7)                           Beneficial owner                                   592,810,031
                                              Interest in controlled corporations                950,431,689
                                              Interest of concert parties                        244,586,948

                                              Sub-total                                        1,787,828,668           72.24%

      Simcere Holding Limited                 Interest in controlled corporations                950,431,689
           (“Simcere Holding”)(2)(8)          Interest of concert parties                        837,396,979

                                              Sub-total                                        1,787,828,668           72.24%

      Excel Investments Group                 Interest in controlled corporations                950,431,689
           Limited (“Excel                    Interest of concert parties                        837,396,979
           Investments”)   (2)(9)

                                              Sub-total                                        1,787,828,668           72.24%

      SPHL(2)(10)                             Beneficial owner                                   950,431,689
                                              Interest of concert parties                        837,396,979

                                              Sub-total                                        1,787,828,668           72.24%

      SIG(2)(11)                              Beneficial owner                                   116,259,578
                                              Interest in controlled corporation                 128,327,370
                                              Interest of concert parties                      1,543,241,720

                                              Sub-total                                        1,787,828,668           72.24%

      FFI(2)(12)                              Beneficial owner                                   120,961,370
                                              Interest of concert parties                      1,666,867,298

                                              Sub-total                                        1,787,828,668           72.24%

     Notes:

     (1)     The calculation is based on the total number of 2,474,697,618 issued Shares as of June 30, 2025.

     (2)     The Ultimate Controlling Shareholders collectively hold 1,787,828,668 Shares, including (i) 592,810,031 Shares and
             950,431,689 Shares directly held by Artking and SPHL, respectively, both of which are companies controlled by the
             Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; and (ii) 116,259,578 Shares and 128,327,370 Shares directly or indirectly held by
             SIG and FFI, respectively, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng. As the Ultimate Controlling
             Shareholders are deemed to be persons acting in concert under the Takeovers Code, each of them is deemed to be
             interested in the Shares held by each other by virtue of the SFO.

36   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


(3)    Mr. REN Yong is the settlor of the P&H Family Trust, which holds the entire equity interest in P&H Holdings. Mr. REN
       Yong, Ms. LI Shimeng and P&H Holdings are deemed to be interested in the Shares collectively held by the Ultimate
       Controlling Shareholders.

(4)    Mr. REN Weidong is the brother of Mr. REN Jinsheng and holds the entire equity interest in Right Wealth. Mr. REN
       Weidong and Right Wealth are the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and are deemed to be interested in the Shares
       collectively held by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

(5)    Ms. REN Zhen is the sister of Mr. REN Jinsheng. She is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and is deemed to
       be interested in the Shares collectively held by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

(6)    Ms. PENG Suqin is the mother of Mr. REN Yong. She is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and is deemed to be
       interested in the Shares collectively held by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

(7)    Artking directly holds 592,810,031 Shares and is deemed to be interested in 1,195,018,637 Shares, including (i)
       950,431,689 Shares directly held by SPHL, a controlled corporation of Artking; and (ii) an aggregate of 244,586,948
       Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng and are
       deemed to be acting in concert with Artking under the Takeovers Code.

(8)    Simcere Holding is deemed to be interested in 1,787,828,668 Shares, including (i) 950,431,689 Shares directly held by
       SPHL, a controlled corporation of Simcere Holding; and (ii) an aggregate of 837,396,979 Shares, which comprises of (a)
       592,810,031 Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; and (b) an
       aggregate of 244,586,948 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr.
       REN Jinsheng. Artking, SIG and FFI are deemed to be acting in concert with Simcere Holding under the Takeovers Code.
       Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director of Simcere Holding.

(9)    Excel Investments is deemed to be interested in 1,787,828,668 Shares, including (i) 950,431,689 Shares directly held by
       SPHL, a controlled corporation of Excel Investments; and (ii) an aggregate of 837,396,979 Shares, which comprises of
       (a) 592,810,031 Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; and (b)
       an aggregate of 244,586,948 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by
       Mr. REN Jinsheng. Artking, SIG and FFI are deemed to be acting in concert with Excel Investments under the Takeovers
       Code. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director of Excel Investments.

(10)   SPHL directly holds 950,431,689 Shares and is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 837,396,979 Shares, including
       (i) 592,810,031 Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; and (ii) an
       aggregate of 244,586,948 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr.
       REN Jinsheng. Artking, SIG and FFI are deemed to be acting in concert with SPHL under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN
       Jinsheng is the director of SPHL.

(11)   SIG directly holds 116,259,578 Shares and is deemed to be interested in 1,671,569,090 Shares, including (i) 120,961,370
       Shares and 7,366,000 Shares directly held by FFI and Nanjing BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd (南京百家匯科
       技發展有限公司), both of which are controlled corporations of SIG and ultimately controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng; and (ii)
       an aggregate of 1,543,241,720 Shares directly held by Artking and SPHL, both of which are deemed to be acting in concert
       with SIG under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director of SIG.

(12)   FFI directly holds 120,961,370 Shares and is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 1,666,867,298 Shares directly or
       indirectly held by SPHL, Artking and SIG, all of which are deemed to be acting in concert with FFI under the Takeovers
       Code. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director of FFI.

Save as disclosed above, as of June 30, 2025, so far as is known to the Directors, there was no other person
(other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the
Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of
Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company under Section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025     37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     2021 RSU SCHEME

     The Company has approved and adopted the 2021 restricted share unit scheme (the “2021 RSU Scheme”)
     on May 20, 2021, the purposes of which are to (i) incentivize the existing and incoming directors, senior
     management and employees for their contribution to the Group; and (ii) attract, motivate and retain skilled
     and experienced personnel to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group by providing
     them with the opportunity to own equity interests in the Company. The 2021 RSU Scheme shall be valid and
     effective for a period of ten years commencing from the date of adoption.

     In light of the amended Chapter 17 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
     of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) taking into effect from January 1, 2023, the Company amended
     the 2021 RSU Scheme and adopted the scheme mandate limit (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the 2021
     RSU Scheme, which were approved at the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 15, 2023.
     For details of the amendments to the 2021 RSU Scheme, please refer to the announcements and circular
     of the Company dated March 31, 2023, May 25, 2023 and June 15, 2023, respectively.

     During the Reporting Period, the Board resolved on March 25, 2025 to grant an aggregate of 1,777,000
     RSUs, representing 1,777,000 underlying Shares, to an aggregate of 45 eligible participants, all of whom
     are employees of the Group, under the 2021 RSU Scheme at nil consideration. For details of such grant,
     please refer to the announcement of the Company dated March 25, 2025.




38   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


The number of RSUs available for grant under the 2021 RSU Scheme was 258,133,361 as of January 1, 2025
and 257,260,811 as of June 30, 2025. The number of Shares underlying the RSUs that granted under the
2021 RSU Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue
during the Reporting Period is 0.07%. Details of the outstanding RSUs granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme
and the movements during the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                               Number of                  Closing price    Weighted Fair value of
                                                Number            Shares                  of the Shares      average        awards at                                              Number of
                                              of Shares       underlying                  immediately closing price        the date of                                                 Shares                       Approximate
                                            underlying          the RSUs     Number of      before the of the Shares grant and the                                                 underlying Vesting dates        percentage of
                                              the RSUs        outstanding RSUs granted         date on immediately         accounting         Vested       Lapsed    Cancelled       the RSUs       (subject total number of
                                           outstanding              as of    during the      which the        before         standard      during the   during the   during the outstanding as    to vesting      Shares in issue
 Name or category                         as of the date       January 1,    Reporting awards were        the vesting       and policy     Reporting    Reporting    Reporting     of June 30,   conditions        as of June 30,
 of grantee            Date of grant       of grant(Note 1)         2025        Period         granted      date(Note 2) adopted(Note 3)      Period       Period       Period           2025         (Note 4))
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2025

 Executive Directors
 Mr. WAN Yushan        November 9, 2022          850,000         283,334             –       HK$11.34               –        HK$11.62              –            –            –        283,334        Note 5              0.0114%
                       August 22, 2024           271,400         271,400             –        HK$5.35               –         HK$5.24              –            –            –        271,400        Note 6              0.0110%
 Ms. WANG Xi           March 21, 2024             82,000          82,000             –        HK$5.30       HK$8.10           HK$5.49         65,600       16,400            –              –        Note 7              0.0000%
                       August 22, 2024            56,000          56,000             –        HK$5.35               –         HK$5.24              –            –            –         56,000        Note 6              0.0023%


 Other grantees
 Employees             May 11, 2022           6,810,000          909,000             –        HK$7.85         Note 2          HK$8.27        530,000      288,000       91,000              –        Note 8              0.0000%
                       September 28, 2022 14,489,000            2,975,000            –        HK$7.01         Note 2          HK$6.72              –      169,000     1,225,000      1,581,000       Note 9              0.0639%
                       November 9, 2022       1,169,000          235,667             –       HK$11.34         Note 2         HK$11.62              –            –            –        235,667       Note 10              0.0095%
                       June 28, 2023          4,378,000         1,542,000            –        HK$7.43         Note 2          HK$7.25        220,500      340,500      716,000        265,000       Note 11              0.0107%
                       March 21, 2024         3,746,000         3,282,500            –        HK$5.30         Note 2          HK$5.49       1,005,750     341,750            –       1,935,000      Note 12              0.0782%
                       August 22, 2024        2,640,700         2,605,300            –        HK$5.35         Note 2          HK$5.24              –      195,800            –       2,409,500      Note 13              0.0974%
                       March 25, 2025         1,777,000                –      1,777,000       HK$7.83         Note 2          HK$7.52              –       10,000            –       1,767,000      Note 14              0.0714%

 Total                 –                    36,269,100        12,242,201     1,777,000               –              –                 –    1,821,850    1,361,450    2,032,000      8,803,901               –      0.3558%(Note 15)

Notes:

1.       The RSUs were granted to the grantees at nil consideration and were or will be transferred to the grantees upon vesting
         at nil consideration.

2.       As the RSUs held by each of the Directors were vested only once during the Reporting Period according to their
         respective vesting schedules, the weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the vesting date for
         each of the Directors equal to the closing price of Shares immediately before the vesting date. The weighted average
         closing price of the Shares immediately before the vesting date for employees as a category of grantees is HK$8.70.

3.       For details of the accounting standard and policy adopted in relation to and the basis of the measurement of fair value of
         RSUs, please see Note 20(b) to the unaudited interim financial statement in this report.




                                                                                                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025                      39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     4.    The vesting of the RSUs shall be subject to the assessment of the annual performance of the Grantees, and such
           assessment is based on the evaluation of:

           (i)    the Grantee’s individual performance; and

           (ii)   the business performance of the Group, with reference to various factors, including but not limited to the Group’s
                  overall performance targets and its actual results, as well as its financial position.

           Upon each vesting date, the portion of RSUs that vests shall be determined based on the assessment of the Grantee’s
           annual performance, and the unvested portion shall lapse.

     5.    One third of the RSUs shall vest on November 9, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

     6.    The RSUs granted shall vest on August 22, 2025.

     7.    The RSUs granted shall vest on April 30, 2025.

     8.    In relation to 1,500,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on January 17, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.
           In relation to 5,310,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on May 11, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

     9.    In relation to 13,881,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on September 28, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
           respectively. In relation to 528,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on May 11, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
           respectively. In relation to 80,000 RSUs granted, one half of the RSUs shall vest on May 11, 2023 and 2024, respectively.

     10.   In relation to 1,015,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on November 9, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.
           In relation to 154,000 RSUs granted, all of them shall vest on November 9, 2023.

     11.   In relation to 4,302,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on June 28, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively. In
           relation to 76,000 RSUs granted, all of them shall vest on June 28, 2024.

     12.   In relation to 359,000 RSUs granted, all of the RSUs shall vest on March 21, 2025. In relation to 126,000 RSUs granted,
           half of the RSUs shall vest on March 21, 2025 and 2026, respectively. In relation to 3,261,000 RSUs granted, one third of
           the RSUs shall vest on March 21, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively.

     13.   In relation to 2,406,700 RSUs granted, all of the RSUs shall vest on August 22, 2025. In relation to 234,000 RSUs granted,
           one third of the RSUs shall vest on August 22, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively.

     14.   In relation to 400,000 RSUs granted, all of the RSUs shall be vested on March 25, 2026. In relation to 1,377,000 RSUs
           granted, one third of the RSUs shall be vested on March 25, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively.

     15.   The aggregate percentage of number of Shares underlying the RSUs outstanding as of June 30, 2025 divided by total
           number of Shares in issue as of June 30, 2025 may not add up to the total percentage of 0.3558% due to rounding.




40   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


MATERIAL EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On September 2, 2025, the Company, SPHL (the “Vendor”) and Morgan Stanley Asia Limited (the “Placing
Agent”) entered into a placing and subscription agreement (the “Placing and Subscription Agreement”),
pursuant to which (i) the Vendor has conditionally agreed to appoint Morgan Stanley Asia Limited as the
Placing Agent and the Placing Agent has conditionally agreed to act as agent of the Vendor for the purpose
of procuring not less than six purchasers for, or failing which to purchase itself, 121,000,000 Shares (the
“Sale Shares”) at a price of HK$12.95 per Share (the “Placing”); and (ii) the Company has conditionally
agreed to issue to the Vendor and the Vendor has conditionally agreed to subscribe for 121,000,000 Shares
(the “Subscription Shares”) at a price of HK$12.95 per Share (the “Subscription”).

The Directors consider that the Placing and the Subscription represent an opportunity to raise capital for
the Company while broadening its Shareholder and capital base. The Directors are of the view that the
Placing and the Subscription would strengthen the financial position of the Group and provide working
capital to the Group. Accordingly, the Directors consider that the terms of the Placing and Subscription
Agreement are normal commercial terms, fair and reasonable, and in the interests of the Company and the
Shareholders as a whole.

The completion of the Placing and the Subscription took place on September 4, 2025 and September
10, 2025, respectively. The Sale Shares were placed to not less than six placees who, to the best of the
knowledge, information and belief of the Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, together with
their respective ultimate beneficial owners, are (i) third parties independent of the Company and its
connected persons; and (ii) third parties independent of, and not acting in concert with, the Vendor, its
associates and persons acting in concert with the Vendor. None of the placees of the Sale Shares has
become a substantial shareholder of the Company upon completion of the Placing.

The closing price of the Company as stated in the daily quotation sheet issued by the Stock Exchange
on September 1, 2025, being the last full trading day prior to the date of the Placing and Subscription
Agreement was HK$14.08 per Share, and the placing price and the subscription price were both HK$12.95
per Share. The Subscription Shares have no nominal value. The Company received total net proceeds from
the Subscription of approximately HK$1,553.5 million. The net price for the Subscription (after deducting
all relevant costs and expenses) was HK$12.84 per Subscription Share.

The Company intends to apply the net proceeds from the Subscription as follows:

(i)    approximately 90% or HK$1,398.1 million for the R&D-related expenditures, including: (a) advancing
       clinical research in China and the United States on new drugs in the R&D stage to accelerate pipeline
       progress; and (b) supporting new indication expansions for approved innovative drugs to further
       enhance product value and market coverage; and

(ii)   approximately 10% or HK$155.3 million for working capital and other general corporate purposes to
       maintain the daily operations and long-term development needs of the Group.

For the purpose of this section’s disclosure, as of September 22, 2025 (prior to the printing of this
interim report), the Company had not utilized any of such net proceeds. For details of the Placing and the
Subscription, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated September 2, 2025 and September
10, 2025.

Save as disclosed above, the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, there were no material
events affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025   41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

     The Group is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principles
     of the Group’s corporate governance are to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high
     standard of ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business, so as to ensure that
     its business and operation are conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, enhance the
     transparency of the Board and strengthen the accountability to all Shareholders. The Group’s corporate
     governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions prescribed in the Corporate
     Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules governing the Listing of Securities
     on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).

     Save as disclosed below, the Group has complied with the code provisions contained in Part 2 of the CG
     Code during the Reporting Period.

     Under code provision C.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer
     should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. During the Reporting Period and
     as of June 30, 2025, the roles of chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”) and chief executive officer of the
     Company (the “Chief Executive Officer”) were not separated and Mr. REN Jinsheng (“Mr. REN”) currently
     performs these two roles. Mr. REN is the founder of the Group, the Chairman and the Chief Executive
     Officer. He has been primarily responsible for overall corporate business strategies and business
     operation of the Group and making significant business and operational decisions for the Group. The
     Directors jointly consider that vesting the roles of both the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer in Mr.
     REN is beneficial to the business prospects of the Group by ensuring consistent leadership to the Group
     as well as prompt and effective decision making and implementation. In addition, the Directors jointly
     believe that this structure will not impair the balance of power and authority between the Board and the
     management of the Company, given that: (i) any decision to be made by the Board requires approval by at
     least a majority of the Directors; (ii) Mr. REN and other Directors are aware of and undertake to fulfill their
     fiduciary duties as the Directors, which require, among other things, that he acts for the benefit and in the
     best interests of the Company and will make decisions for the Company accordingly; (iii) the balance of
     power and authority is ensured by the operations of the Board, which consists of four executive Directors
     (including Mr. REN) and four independent non-executive Directors, and has a fairly strong independence
     element; and (iv) the overall strategic and other key business, financial, and operational policies of the
     Company are made collectively after thorough discussion at both Board and senior management levels.




42   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Group has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
“Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the Group’s code of conduct regarding the
Directors’ securities transactions. Having made specific enquiries of all the Directors, all the Directors
confirmed that they have strictly complied with the Model Code during the Reporting Period.


AUDIT COMMITTEE AND REVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The Group established an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) with written terms of reference in
compliance with the CG Code. The main duties of the Audit Committee are to review and supervise the
financial reporting process and internal control system of our Group, oversee the audit process, review
and oversee the existing and potential risks of the Group and perform other duties and responsibilities as
assigned by the Board.

As of the date of this report, the Audit Committee consists of three members, all of whom are independent
non-executive Directors, namely Mr. WANG Xinhua, Mr. SONG Ruilin and Mr. WANG Jianguo. The
chairperson of the Audit Committee is Mr. WANG Xinhua, who possesses the appropriate professional
qualifications and accounting and related financial management expertise.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the financial reporting processes, risk management and internal
control systems of the Group and the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements
and the interim report of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2025, and is of the opinion that
these statements have complied with the applicable accounting standards, the Listing Rules and legal
requirements, and that adequate disclosure has been made.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025   43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

     The Directors have been granted a general mandate by the shareholders of the Company (the
     “Shareholders”) at the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 14, 2024 (the “2023 AGM”) to
     repurchase up to 260,976,161 shares of the Company (the “Shares”) on the Stock Exchange, representing
     10% of the total number of issued Shares as of the date of the 2023 AGM (the “Repurchase Mandate”).
     During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 11,623,000 Shares (the “Repurchased
     Shares”) on the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Repurchase Mandate at a total consideration (excluding
     expenses) of HK$80,369,080 (the “Share Repurchase”), which was funded by internal resources of the
     Company. All the Repurchased Shares were cancelled on June 6, 2025. As of the date of this report, no
     Repurchased Shares were outstanding. Details of the Shares repurchased by the Company during the
     Reporting Period are as follows:

                                                                                                         Total
                                            Total number       The highest       The lowest     consideration
                                                of Shares   purchase price   purchase price         (excluding
      Month of Share Repurchase             repurchased         per Share         per Share           expense)
                                                                    (HK$)              (HK$)            (HK$)

      January 2025                              8,336,000             6.93           6.3383         55,107,010
      April 2025                                3,287,000           7.9692              7.30        25,262,070

      Total                                    11,623,000                                          80,369,080

     The Share Repurchase was governed by section 257 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The total
     amount paid on the Repurchased Shares of HK$80,369,080 (equivalent to RMB74,302,000) was paid wholly
     out of retained profits of the Company.

     The Board believes that the Share Repurchase demonstrates the Company’s confidence in its own
     business outlook and prospects and would, ultimately, benefit the Company and create value for the
     Shareholders. In addition, the Board believes that the current financial resources of the Company enable it
     to implement the Share Repurchase while maintaining a solid financial position.

     Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had
     purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares (if
     any)). The Company did not hold any treasury shares during the Reporting Period and as of June 30, 2025.


     INTERIM DIVIDEND

     The Board resolved not to declare any interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2025.




44   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING
The net proceeds from the initial public offering of the shares of the Company in October 2020 and
allotment and issuance of shares of the Company pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment
option in November 2020 (the “Net Proceeds”), amounted to HK$3,513.09 million in aggregate. The
proposed use of the Net Proceeds was disclosed in the prospectus of the Company dated October 13, 2020
(the “Prospectus”).
The following table sets out the utilization of the Net Proceeds as of the June 30, 2025 and the expected
timeline for utilization:
                                                                              Amount of
                                                                          Net Proceeds       Accumulative
                                                                         utilized during         amount of           Amount of
                                                          Amount of      the six months      Net Proceeds        Net Proceeds
                                                       Net Proceeds      ended June 30,       utilized as of    unutilized as of
                                    Percentage of           received               2025      June 30, 2025       June 30, 2025 Expected timeline
 Purpose                          the total amount   (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million)    (HK$ in million) for utilization
 Continuous research and                      60%           2,107.85             174.30            1,893.48            214.37 The actual Net Proceeds are
   development of the Group’s                                                                                                   expected to be fully utilized
   selected product candidates                                                                                                  by 2027.
   in its strategically focused
   therapeutic areas
 Reinforcement of the Group’s                 10%             351.31                  –              351.31                 – The actual Net Proceeds have
   sales and marketing                                                                                                          been fully utilized.
   capabilities
 Investment in companies in                   10%             351.31                  –              351.31                 – The actual Net Proceeds have
   the pharmaceutical or                                                                                                        been fully utilized.
   biotechnology sector
 Repayment of certain of the                  10%             351.31                  –              351.31                 – The actual Net Proceeds have
   Group’s outstanding bank                                                                                                     been fully utilized.
   loans
 Working capital and other                    10%             351.31                  –              351.31                 – The actual Net Proceeds have
   general corporate purposes                                                                                                   been fully utilized.

 Total                                      100%            3,513.09             174.30           3,298.72             214.37

On December 23, 2024, the Board has resolved that: (i) part of the unutilized Net Proceeds amounted
to HK$228.90 million which originally proposed to be used in selected oncology product candidates that
were then in clinical stages or pending clinical trials (including Bevacizumab Biosimilar, PEG-ENDO
(Pegylated recombinant human endostatin for injection) and SIM-201), (ii) part of the unutilized Net
Proceeds amounted to approximately HK$180.02 million which originally proposed to be used in selected
innovative oncology product candidates that were then pending IND approvals or in preclinical stages
(including SIM323, subcutaneous PD-L1 single domain antibody combination therapy 1 and subcutaneous
PD-L1 single domain antibody combination therapy 2), (iii) part of the unutilized Net Proceeds amounted
to approximately HK$31.74 million which originally proposed to be used in other selected innovative
central nervous system product candidates that were then preparing for the IND application or in pre-
clinical stages, and (iv) part of the unutilized Net Proceeds amounted to approximately HK$0.79 million
which originally proposed to be used in selected autoimmune disease product candidates SIM-335, to
be reallocated to the continuous R&D of selected autoimmune disease product candidates and oncology
disease product candidates that are currently under development (including Rademikibart (IL-4R α),
SIM0500 (humanized GPRC5D-BCMA-CD3 trispecific antibody), SIM0270 (oral SERD inhibitor), SIM0237
(PD-L1/IL15v bispecific antibody) and SIM0505 (CDH6ADC)). For details of the change in use of proceeds,
please refer to the announcements of the Company dated April 15, 2021, August 31, 2022 and December
23, 2024 (the “Announcements”). As of June 30, 2025, the accumulative amount of Net Proceeds utilized
was HK$3,298.72 million and the Net Proceeds unutilized was HK$214.37 million. The Company intends
to apply the unutilized Net Proceeds as of June 30, 2025 in the manner and proportion set out in the
Prospectus and the Announcements.



                                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025          45
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REVIEW REPORT


     Review report to the board of directors of
     Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited
     (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

     INTRODUCTION

     We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 47 to 80, which comprises the consolidated
     statement of financial position of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) as of June 30,
     2025 and the related consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and
     other comprehensive income and consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated
     cash flow statement for the six-month period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the
     Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim
     financial report to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting
     Standard (“HKAS”) 34 Interim financial reporting as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants (“HKICPA”). The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the interim
     financial report in accordance with HKAS 34.

     Our responsibility is to express a conclusion, based on our review, on this interim financial report and to
     report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for
     no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
     contents of this report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW

     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review
     of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity as issued by the HKICPA.
     A review of interim financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
     financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is
     substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing
     and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant
     matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly we do not express an audit opinion.


     CONCLUSION

     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial
     report as at June 30, 2025 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim
     financial reporting.



     KPMG
     Certified Public Accountants

     8th Floor, Prince’s Building
     10 Chater Road
     Central, Hong Kong

     August 21, 2025



46   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                         For the six months ended June 30, 2025 — unaudited
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                    Note              2025                2024
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
 Revenue                                                              4          3,584,912          3,113,524
 Cost of sales                                                                    (691,062)           (651,592)

 Gross profit                                                                    2,893,850          2,461,932
 Other income                                                        5(a)            68,595             71,476
 Other net loss                                                      5(b)           (29,814)           (90,519)
 Research and development costs                                                   (632,421)           (566,129)
 Selling and distribution expenses                                               (1,350,545)        (1,155,619)
 Administrative and other operating expenses                                      (264,192)           (230,806)
 (Provision for)/reversals of impairment loss on trade and
   other receivables                                                                   (827)             1,825

 Profit from operations                                                            684,646            492,160

 Finance income                                                      6(a)           26,548              25,411
 Finance costs                                                       6(a)           (13,671)           (18,366)
 Interest expenses arising from redemption liability                 6(a)           (34,865)            (5,103)

 Net finance (costs)/income                                                         (21,988)             1,942

 Share of (losses)/profits of associates                                             (1,908)                18
 Share of profits of joint ventures                                                   1,735                573

 Profit before taxation                                               6            662,485            494,693
 Income tax                                                           7             (58,878)           (38,093)

 Profit for the period                                                             603,607            456,600

 Attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company                                                603,607            456,600
 Non-controlling interest                                                                 –                   –

 Profit for the period                                                             603,607            456,600

 Earnings per share                                                   8
 Basic (RMB)                                                                           0.25               0.18

 Diluted (RMB)                                                                         0.25               0.18




The notes on pages 55 to 80 form part of this interim financial report. Details of dividends payable to equity
shareholders of the Company are set out in Note 20(a).

                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025   47
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025 — unaudited
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                     2025           2024
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000
      Profit for the period                                                        603,607        456,600

      Other comprehensive income for the period (after tax adjustments)
      Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
        income (FVOCI) – net movement in fair value reserves
        (non-recycling), net of tax                                                  7,574         (1,055)


      Exchange difference on translation of company
        level financial statements                                                 (20,005)        (1,116)

      Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:
      Exchange difference on translation of financial statements of
        overseas subsidiaries                                                       (1,445)         2,229

      Other comprehensive income for the period                                    (13,876)            58

      Total comprehensive income for the period                                    589,731        456,658

      Attributable to:
      Equity shareholders of the Company                                           589,731        456,658
      Non-controlling interest                                                           –                 –

      Total comprehensive income for the period                                    589,731        456,658




     The notes on pages 55 to 80 form part of this interim financial report.


48   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                         At June 30, 2025 — unaudited
                                                                               (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                          June 30,    December 31,
                                                                 Note        2025            2024
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                     9      2,265,580         2,269,544
Intangible assets                                                 9      1,389,319         1,025,438
Goodwill                                                                   142,474           142,474
Interest in associates                                                      59,575            50,870
Interest in joint ventures                                                 104,154           102,342
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       14       181,730           178,191
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
  income (“FVOCI”)                                                10       288,899           279,989
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)    11       925,014           961,502
Loan to a third party                                                      100,096           100,105
Time deposits                                                    15(c)     513,455           498,140
Deferred tax assets                                                        519,585           435,589

                                                                         6,489,881         6,044,184

Current assets
Inventories                                                       12       571,387           593,649
Contract assets                                                              7,684             4,611
Trade and bills receivables                                       13     2,630,649         2,699,825
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       14       184,482           178,525
Pledged deposits                                                 15(b)      21,763            24,050
Restricted deposits                                              15(b)      22,885            22,014
Time deposits                                                    15(c)       5,717                 –
Cash and cash equivalents                                        15(a)   2,670,518         1,943,069

                                                                         6,115,085         5,465,743

Current liabilities
Bank loans                                                        16     1,050,817         1,051,139
Lease liabilities                                                           79,153            67,559
Trade and bills payables                                          17       187,908           275,725
Other payables and accruals                                       18     2,099,828         1,156,198
Taxation payable                                                            88,956           154,358
Provisions                                                                  22,000            22,000

                                                                         3,528,662         2,726,979

Net current assets                                                       2,586,423         2,738,764

Total assets less current liabilities                                    9,076,304         8,782,948




                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2025   49
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     At June 30, 2025 — unaudited
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                                       June 30,   December 31,
                                                                           Note           2025           2024
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000
      Non-current liabilities
      Bank loans                                                            16         7,889             8,254
      Lease liabilities                                                               91,691            82,417
      Deferred income                                                                366,279           377,686
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                        67,578            72,704
      Other financial liability                                             19     1,143,637         1,008,772
      Other non-current liability                                                    165,000           165,000

                                                                                   1,842,074         1,714,833

      NET ASSETS                                                                   7,234,230         7,068,115

      CAPITAL AND RESERVES
      Share capital                                                         20     3,184,369         3,173,805
      Reserves                                                              20     4,049,861         3,894,310

      Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of
        the Company                                                                7,234,230         7,068,115
      Non-controlling interest                                                             –                 –

      TOTAL EQUITY                                                                 7,234,230         7,068,115


     Approved and authorized for issue by the board of directors on August 21, 2025.

                                                         )
     Ren Jinsheng                                        )
                                                         )
                                                         )
                                                         )     Directors
                                                         )
     Wan Yushan                                          )
                                                         )
                                                         )




     The notes on pages 55 to 80 form part of this interim financial report.


50   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                    For the six months ended June 30, 2025 — unaudited
                                                                                                                                  (Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                            Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                      PRC                         Fair value                                    Non-
                                        Share      Other         statutory       Exchange           reserve      Retained                  controlling       Total
                             Note      capital    reserve          reserve         reserve (non-recycling)         profits        Total       interest      equity
                                     RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
Balance at January 1, 2024           3,173,805     97,370          965,008         102,087           12,149      2,872,317    7,222,736             –    7,222,736

Changes in equity for
   the six months ended
   June 30, 2024:
Profit for the period                       –          –                 –               –                 –      456,600      456,600              –     456,600
Other comprehensive income                  –          –                 –           1,113            (1,055)            –           58             –           58

Total comprehensive income                  –          –                 –           1,113            (1,055)     456,600      456,658              –     456,658
Equity settled share-based
   transactions              20(b)          –      32,543                –               –                 –             –      32,543              –      32,543
Purchase of own shares                      –          –                 –               –                 –      (401,740)    (401,740)            –     (401,740)
Appropriation of dividends   20(a)          –          –                 –               –                 –      (401,484)    (401,484)            –     (401,484)

Balance at June 30, 2024             3,173,805    129,913          965,008         103,200           11,094      2,525,693    6,908,713             –    6,908,713




                                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025        51
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025 — unaudited
     (Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                    Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                              PRC                         Fair value                                    Non-
                                                Share      Other         statutory       Exchange           reserve      Retained                  controlling       Total
                                     Note      capital    reserve          reserve         reserve (non-recycling)         profits        Total       interest      equity
                                             RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
      Balance at June 30, 2024 and
         July 1, 2024, as restated           3,173,805    129,913          965,008         103,200           11,094      2,525,693    6,908,713             –    6,908,713

      Changes in equity for
         the six months ended
         December 31, 2024:
      Profit for the period                         –          –                 –               –                –       276,565      276,565              –     276,565
      Other comprehensive income                    –          –                 –          13,574           90,241              –     103,815              –     103,815

      Total comprehensive income                    –          –                 –          13,574           90,241       276,565      380,380              –     380,380
      Appropriation of reserve                      –          –           241,101               –                –       (241,101)           –             –            –
      Equity settled share-based
         transactions                20(b)          –      65,267                –               –                –              –      65,267              –      65,267
      Purchase of own shares                        –          –                 –               –                –       (286,245)    (286,245)            –     (286,245)

      Balance at December 31, 2024           3,173,805    195,180        1,206,109         116,774          101,335      2,274,912    7,068,115             –    7,068,115




52   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                        For the six months ended June 30, 2025 — unaudited
                                                                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                          PRC                        Fair value                                      Non-
                                           Share      Other          statutory      Exchange           reserve       Retained                  controlling       Total
                                Note      capital   reserve           reserve         reserve (non-recycling)          profits        Total       interest      equity
                                        RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
 Balance at January 1, 2025             3,173,805   195,180          1,206,109        116,774          101,335       2,274,912    7,068,115             –    7,068,115

 Changes in equity for
    the six months ended
    June 30, 2025:
 Profit for the period                         –           –                 –              –                –        603,607      603,607              –     603,607
 Other comprehensive income                    –           –                 –        (21,450)           7,574                      (13,876)            –      (13,876)

 Total comprehensive income                    –           –                 –        (21,450)           7,574        603,607      589,731              –     589,731
 Equity settled share-based
    transactions                20(b)          –     41,432                  –              –                –               –      41,432              –      41,432
 Vesting of restricted shares   20(b)     10,564     (10,564)                –              –                –               –            –             –            –
 Purchase of own shares         20(c)          –           –                 –              –                –         (74,302)     (74,302)            –      (74,302)
 Appropriation of dividends     20(a)          –           –                 –              –                –       (390,746)    (390,746)             –    (390,746)

 Balance at June 30, 2025               3,184,369   226,048          1,206,109         95,324          108,909       2,413,471    7,234,230             –    7,234,230




The notes on pages 55 to 80 form part of this interim financial report.

                                                                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025        53
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025 — unaudited
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                        Note          2025           2024
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000
      Operating activities
      Cash generated from operations                                              1,081,134       906,396
      Tax paid                                                                     (214,603)       (43,737)

      Net cash generated from operating activities                                 866,531        862,659

      Investing activities
      Payment for acquisition of financial assets at fair value
        through profit or loss                                                      (14,351)       (36,526)
      Proceeds from disposal of financial assets measured at fair
        value through profit or loss                                                  2,667        36,547
      Proceeds from redemption of time deposits                                    400,000         10,000
      Payment for placement of time deposits                                       (410,000)      (300,000)
      Payment for acquisition of intangible assets                                  (16,985)       (89,223)
      Other cash flows used in investing activities                                 (71,677)       (22,762)

      Net cash used in investing activities                                        (110,346)      (401,964)

      Financing activities
      Proceeds from new bank loans                                                1,050,130       996,016
      Repayment of bank loans                                                    (1,050,781)    (1,214,057)
      Payment for purchase of own shares                                            (74,302)      (401,740)
      Proceeds from other financial liability                                      100,000        970,000
      Other cash flows used in financing activities                                 (52,003)       (63,686)

      Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                        (26,956)      286,533

      Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                    729,229        747,228
      Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                            15(a)     1,943,069      2,007,162
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                        (1,780)          592

      Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June                              15(a)     2,670,518      2,754,982




     The notes on pages 55 to 80 form part of this interim financial report.


54   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                         NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                            (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Hong Kong on
    November 30, 2015 as a limited liability company with its registered office at Room 703, 7/F, Block
    20E, Hong Kong Science Park Phase 3, Pak Shek Kok, New Territories, Hong Kong. The Company’s
    shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on October 27,
    2020. The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (together,
    “the Group”) are principally engaged in the research and development, manufacturing and sales of
    pharmaceutical products as well as rendering promotion service of pharmaceutical products that are
    not manufactured by the Group.


2   BASIS OF PREPARATION

    This interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the applicable disclosure
    provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
    Limited, including compliance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, Interim financial
    reporting, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). It was
    authorized for issue on August 21, 2025.

    The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies
    adopted in the 2024 annual financial statements, except for the accounting policy changes that are
    expected to be reflected in the 2025 annual financial statements. Details of any changes in accounting
    policies are set out in Note 3.

    The preparation of an interim financial report in conformity with HKAS 34 requires management to
    make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported
    amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses on a year to date basis. Actual results may
    differ from these estimates.

    This interim financial report contains condensed consolidated financial statements and selected
    explanatory notes. The notes include an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to
    an understanding of the changes in financial position and performance of the Group since the 2024
    annual financial statements. The condensed consolidated interim financial statements and notes
    thereon do not include all of the information required for a full set of financial statements prepared in
    accordance with HKFRSs Accounting Standards.

    The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance with Hong
    Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial information performed by
    the independent auditor of the entity, issued by the HKICPA. KPMG’s independent review report to the
    Board of Directors is included on page 46.




                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025   55
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     2    BASIS OF PREPARATION - continued

          The financial information relating to the financial year ended December 31, 2024 that is included in
          the interim financial report as comparative information does not constitute the Company’s statutory
          annual consolidated financial statements for that financial year but is derived from those financial
          statements. Further information relating to these statutory financial statements disclosed in
          accordance with section 436 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) is as follows:

          The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 to the
          Registrar of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to, the Companies
          Ordinance.

          The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s report was
          unqualified; did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of
          emphasis without qualifying its report; and did not contain a statement under section 406(2), 407(2) or
          (3) of the Companies Ordinance.


     3    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

          The Group has applied the amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates –
          Lack of exchangeability issued by the HKICPA to this interim financial report for the current accounting
          period. The amendments do not have a material impact on this interim report as the Group has not
          entered into any foreign currency transactions in which the foreign currency is not exchangeable into
          another currency.

          The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
          accounting period.




56   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                         NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



4   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

    (a)   Revenue

          Disaggregation of revenue

          Disaggregation of revenue by business lines is as follows:

                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
           Sales of pharmaceutical products                                    3,257,304          2,955,614
           Income from promotion business                                        184,152            130,398
           – Promotion service income                                            103,660            130,398
           – Collaborative arrangements                                            80,492                   –
           License income                                                        121,987                    –
           Research service income                                                 21,469             27,512

                                                                               3,584,912          3,113,524


          The Group’s revenue from contracts with customers were recognized at point in time with the
          amount of RMB3,563,443,000 (six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB3,086,012,000) and were
          recognized over time with the amount of RMB21,469,000 (six months ended June 30, 2024:
          RMB27,512,000).


    (b)   Segment reporting

          Operating segments are identified on the basis of internal reports that the Group’s most senior
          executive management reviews regularly in allocating resources to segments and in assessing
          their performances.

          The Group’s most senior executive management makes resources allocation decisions based on
          internal management functions and assess the Group’s business performance as one integrated
          business instead of by separate business lines or geographical regions. Accordingly, the Group
          has only one operating segment and therefore, no segment information is presented.

          HKFRS 8, Operating Segments, requires identification and disclosure of information about an
          entity’s geographical areas, regardless of the entity’s organization (i.e. even if the entity has
          a single reportable segment). The Group operates within one geographical location because
          primarily all of its revenue was generated in the PRC and primarily all of its non-current
          operating assets and capital expenditure were located/incurred in the PRC. Accordingly, no
          geographical information is presented.




                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025   57
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     5    OTHER INCOME AND OTHER NET LOSS

          (a)   Other income

                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000
                 Government grants                                                   61,791         64,360
                 Rental income                                                        1,184            435
                 Property management income                                             318            628
                 Consulting and technology service income                             4,108          3,459
                 Others                                                               1,194          2,594

                                                                                     68,595         71,476



          (b)   Other net loss

                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000
                 Net foreign exchange gain/(loss)                                     7,872         (4,869)
                 Net (loss)/gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment          (259)           108
                 Net realized and unrealized losses on financial assets at
                  fair value through profit or loss                                 (21,388)       (84,175)
                 Net realized and unrealized gain on interest in associate at
                  fair value through profit or loss                                   4,893              –
                 Reversal of provision for litigations                                    –            902
                 Loss on litigations                                                (20,932)             –
                 Net loss on disposal of intangible assets                                –         (2,485)

                                                                                    (29,814)       (90,519)




58   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                           NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                             (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



6   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

    Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


    (a)   Net finance costs/(income)

                                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
           Interest income from bank deposits                                       (24,825)           (23,700)
           Interest income from loan to a third party                                (1,723)            (1,711)

           Finance income                                                           (26,548)           (25,411)

           Interest expenses on bank loans                                           11,012             15,242
           Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                     2,659              3,124

           Finance costs                                                             13,671             18,366

           Interest expenses arising from redemption liability (Note 19)             34,865              5,103

           Net finance costs/(income)                                                21,988             (1,942)



    (b)   Other items

                                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                      2025                   2024
                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000
          Depreciation charge
            – owned property, plant and equipment                                  105,219               108,424
            – right-of-use assets                                                   38,556                 39,459
          Amortization of intangible assets                                         32,149                 13,365
          Provision for write-down of inventories                                   39,067                 29,969




                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025   59
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     7    INCOME TAX

          (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statements of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                   Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2025           2024
                                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000
                  Current tax
                  PRC Corporate Income Tax
                  Provision for the period                                              136,305        160,507
                  Over – provision in respect of prior years                              (8,766)       (5,262)

                                                                                        127,539        155,245

                  Overseas Corporate Income Tax
                  Provision for the period                                                  298             75


                  Deferred tax
                  Origination and reversal of temporary differences                      (68,959)     (117,227)

                                                                                         58,878         38,093


                The provision for PRC income tax is based on the respective corporate income tax rates
                applicable to the subsidiaries located in the PRC as determined in accordance with the relevant
                income tax rules and regulations of the PRC.

                Taxation for overseas subsidiaries is similarly calculated using the estimated annual effective
                rates of taxation that are expected to be applicable in the relevant countries.


          (b)   Pillar Two income tax

                The Company is part of a multinational enterprise group which is subject to the Global Anti-Base
                Erosion Model Rules (“Pillar Two model rules”) published by the Organisation for Economic
                Cooperation and Development.

                From January 1, 2024, the Group’s earnings in United Kingdom and Finland is subject to the
                domestic minimum top-up tax that was introduced by United Kingdom and Finland with effect
                from 1 January 2024. The Group didn’t recognise any current tax expense related to Pillar Two
                income taxes.

                From January 1, 2025, the Group is also liable to Pillar Two income taxes under the Hong Kong
                Inland Revenue (Amendment) (Minimum Tax for Multinational Enterprise Groups) Ordinance
                2025 for its earnings in the Hong Kong SAR and certain other jurisdictions where a domestic
                minimum top-up tax has not been implemented, including the Chinese Mainland.

                The Group has applied the temporary mandatory exception from deferred tax accounting for the
                top-up tax and accounted for the tax as current tax when incurred.



60   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                            NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



8   EARNINGS PER SHARE

    (a)   Basic earnings per share

          The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary
          equity shareholders of the Company of RMB603,607,000 (six months ended June 30, 2024:
          RMB456,600,000) and the weighted average of 2,443,816,068 ordinary shares (six months ended
          June 30, 2024: 2,552,167,209 ordinary shares) in issue during the interim period.


          Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                     2025               2024
           Issued ordinary shares at January 1                             2,486,320,618      2,616,722,618
           Effect of purchase of own shares (Note 20(c))                       (9,110,071)      (30,418,363)
           Effect of unvested shares under 2021 RSU Scheme
             (Note 20(b))                                                    (33,394,479)       (34,137,046)

           Weighted average number of ordinary shares at June 30           2,443,816,068      2,552,167,209



    (b)   Diluted earnings per share

          The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary
          equity shareholders of the Company of RMB603,607,000 (six months ended June 30, 2024:
          RMB456,600,000) and the weighted average of 2,447,249,758 ordinary shares (six months ended
          June 30, 2024: 2,552,167,209 shares).


          Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                     2025               2024
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares at June 30           2,443,816,068      2,552,167,209
           Effect of contingently issuable shares under 2021
             RSU scheme (Note 20(b))                                           3,433,690                    –

           Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)
             at June 30                                                    2,447,249,758      2,552,167,209




                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025   61
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     9    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

          (a)   Right-of-use assets

                During the six months ended June 30, 2025, additions to right-of-use assets were
                RMB60,952,000 (six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB57,575,000). Apart from that, items of
                right-of-use assets with a net book value of RMB1,735,000 (six months ended June 30, 2024:
                RMB5,144,000) were disposed of during the six months ended June 30, 2025, resulting in a loss
                on disposal of RMB282,000 (six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB304,000).

                As at June 30, 2025, leasehold land with net book value of RMB109,490,000 (2024:
                RMB110,641,000) was pledged as security for banking facilities, which were not used.


          (b)   Acquisitions and disposals of owned assets

                During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group acquired items of property, plant and
                equipment at a cost of RMB80,988,000 (six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB173,130,000).

                Apart from that, items of property, plant and equipment with a net book value of RMB394,000
                (six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB1,048,000) were disposed of during the six months ended
                June 30, 2025, resulting in a gain on disposal of RMB23,000 (six months ended June 30, 2024:
                RMB196,000).

                During the six months ended June 30, 2025, additions to intangible assets were RMB396,030,000
                (six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB253,563,000) arising from in-licensed rights. Apart from
                that, items of intangible asset with a net book value of nil (six months ended June 30, 2024:
                RMB2,485,000) were disposed of during the six months ended June 30, 2025, resulting in a loss
                on disposal of nil (six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB2,485,000).




62   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                          NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                            (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



10   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                  June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
      Equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling)
      – Listed equity securities                                                    13,767              4,857
      – Unlisted equity security                                                  275,132            275,132

                                                                                  288,899            279,989


     The listed equity securities at FVOCI (non-recycling), represent investment in listed equity securities
     issued by listed companies incorporated in the United States. The unlisted equity security at FVOCI
     (non-recycling), represents investment in unlisted equity interest in a private entity incorporated in
     the PRC. These investments are engaged in research and development of innovative pharmaceutical
     products.

     The Group designated these investments at FVOCI (non-recycling), as the investments are held for
     strategic purposes. No dividends were received on these investments during the six months ended
     June 30, 2025 and 2024.

     The analysis on the fair value measurement of the above financial assets is disclosed in Note 23.


11   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                  June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
      Financial assets at FVPL
      – Listed equity securities                                                    97,978             65,718
      – Unlisted equity investments                                               334,275            386,567
      – Unlisted units in investment funds                                        492,761            509,217

                                                                                  925,014            961,502


     The Group’s balances of financial assets at FVPL represent listed equity securities issued by listed
     company incorporated in Australia, the Cayman Islands and the United States, the unlisted equity
     investments in private entities incorporated in the PRC, the United States and the Cayman Islands and
     unlisted units in investment funds incorporated in the PRC, the United States, and the Netherlands.
     These investments are primarily engaged or further invested in the healthcare and pharmaceutical
     sectors.

     The analysis on the fair value measurement of the Group’s above financial assets is disclosed in Note
     23.




                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025   63
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     12   INVENTORIES

                                                                                      June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                          2025           2024
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000
           Raw materials                                                               345,653         312,483
           Semi-finished goods                                                          59,984          48,447
           Finished goods                                                              165,750         232,719

                                                                                       571,387         593,649


          During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group recognized a write-down of RMB39,067,000
          (six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB29,969,000) against those inventories with net realizable value
          lower than carrying value. The write-down is included in cost of sales in the consolidated statement
          of profit or loss.


     13   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                      June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                          2025           2024
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000
           Trade receivables                                                         2,357,801       2,354,916
           Bills receivable                                                            290,025         361,272

                                                                                     2,647,826       2,716,188
           Less: loss allowance                                                        (17,177)        (16,363)

                                                                                     2,630,649       2,699,825


          All of the trade and bills receivables are expected to be recovered within one year.

          As at June 30, 2025, bills receivable of RMB40,566,000 were pledged for issuance of bills payable
          (2024: RMB44,070,000).




64   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                          NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                              (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



13   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES - continued

     Aging analysis

     As of the end of the reporting period, the aging analysis of trade and bills receivables, based on the
     invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                    June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000
      Within 3 months                                                             2,241,827          2,315,332
      Over 3 months but within 6 months                                             316,810            340,237
      Over 6 months but within 9 months                                               70,820             41,365
      Over 9 months but within 12 months                                               1,192              2,891

                                                                                  2,630,649          2,699,825


     Trade receivables are due within 30 - 90 days from the date of billing.


14   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                    June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000
      Current
      Prepayments for raw materials and expenses                                      87,342             90,321
      Value added tax recoverable                                                     98,925             82,572
      Other deposits and receivables                                                  20,741             28,145

                                                                                    207,008            201,038


      Less: loss allowance                                                           (22,526)           (22,513)

                                                                                    184,482            178,525

      Non-current
      Prepayments for property, plant and equipment                                   15,920             13,125
      Other deposits and receivables                                                  10,012              9,268
      Prepayments for exclusive commercialization rights                            155,798            155,798

                                                                                    181,730            178,191


     All of prepayments, deposits and other receivables current balances are expected to be recovered or
     recognized as expense within one year.




                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   65
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     15   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, TIME DEPOSITS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED
          DEPOSITS

          (a)   Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                      June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                 Cash at bank                                                       2,670,518        1,943,069


                As of the end of the reporting period, cash and cash equivalents situated in Chinese Mainland
                amounted to RMB2,170,164,000 (2024: RMB1,851,234,000). Remittance of funds out of Chinese
                Mainland is subject to relevant rules and regulations of foreign exchange control.


          (b)   Pledged deposits and restricted deposits comprise:

                                                                                      June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                 Pledged deposits for
                   – issuance of letter of guarantee                                   21,763          24,050


                                                                                      June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                 Restricted deposits for
                   – 2021 RSU Scheme                                                   13,021          13,070
                   – research and development projects                                   9,744          8,740
                   – litigations                                                           120            204

                                                                                       22,885          22,014



          (c)   Time deposits:

                                                                                      June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Current portion                                                         5,717              –
                 Non-current portion                                                  513,455         498,140

                                                                                      519,172         498,140




66   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                             NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                         (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



16   BANK LOANS

     The maturity profile for the interest-bearing bank loans of the Group at the end of each reporting
     period is as follows:

                                                                               June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
      Short-term bank loans                                                  1,050,104          1,050,423
      Current portion of long-term bank loans                                       713                716

      Within 1 year or on demand                                             1,050,817          1,051,139

      After 1 year but within 2 years                                               664                665
      After 2 years but within 5 years                                            1,991              1,994
      After 5 years                                                               5,234              5,595

                                                                                  7,889              8,254

                                                                             1,058,706          1,059,393


     As at June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the bank loans were unsecured.


17   TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

                                                                               June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
      Trade payables                                                           178,126            241,356
      Bills payable                                                               9,782             34,369

                                                                               187,908            275,725




                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025   67
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     17   TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES - continued

          As of the end of the reporting period, the aging analysis of trade and bills payables, based on the
          invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                                   June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                                          2025          2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
            Within 3 months                                                                         130,970           198,001
            3 to 12 months                                                                           51,450            52,571
            Over 12 months                                                                            5,488            25,153

                                                                                                    187,908           275,725


          All of the trade and bills payables are expected to be settled within one year or repayable on demand.


     18   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                   June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                                          2025          2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
            Accrued expenses (Note i)                                                               316,267           475,667
            Contract liabilities (Note ii)                                                          383,224            28,160
            Payable for employee reimbursements                                                      16,952            17,660
            Payables for staff related costs                                                        329,796           328,041
            Payables for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                24,367            32,017
            Payable for acquisition of intangible assets                                            379,045                 –
            Dividends payable                                                                       389,324                 –
            Other tax payables                                                                      122,544           158,008
            Payables for research and development costs                                              61,279            51,408
            Others                                                                                   77,030            65,237

                                                                                                 2,099,828          1,156,198


          Notes:

          (i)    Accrued expenses primarily comprise marketing and promotion expenses, research and development costs and
                 other expenses.

          (ii)   Contract liabilities represent the advances received from the contract with customers.




68   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                           NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                               (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



19   OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITY

     On February 24, 2024, Hainan Simcere Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Simcere Zaiming”), a
     PRC subsidiary of the Group, entered into capital contribution agreement with certain investors (the
     “2024 Investors”), pursuant to which Simcere Zaiming issued additional 52,559,000 shares for a total
     consideration of RMB970,000,000. The capital contribution was completed on June 4, 2024 with all
     consideration received.

     On April 21, 2025, Simcere Zaiming entered into capital contribution agreement with another investor
     (the “2025 Investor”), pursuant to which Simcere Zaiming issued additional 5,418,426 shares for a
     total consideration of RMB100,000,000. The capital contribution was completed on June 6, 2025 with
     all consideration received.

     In addition to voting rights and dividend rights same as other equity holders of Simcere Zaiming,
     certain special rights including repurchase rights, liquidation preference rights and anti-dilution
     rights are granted to these investors.

     After occurrence of certain events agreed in the agreement, the 2024 Investors and 2025 Investor
     shall have the right to require the Company and/or Simcere Zaiming to repurchase their shares in
     Simcere Zaiming at a repurchase price, which is the higher of (i) the investment amount paid by
     the 2024 Investors and 2025 Investor, plus an annual compound interest of 7% calculated from the
     payment date of its investment amount and further adjusted by any dividends; and (ii) the audited
     consolidated net book asset value of Simcere Zaiming as of the end of the most recent quarter.

     Since there is an obligation for the Group to purchase its own equity instrument for cash when certain
     conditions set out in the agreement are met, it gives rise to a financial liability for the present value of
     the redemption amount. The subsequent changes of the financial liability under amortised costs are
     recognised in profit or loss directly.

     Movements of the redemption liability are as follows:

                                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2025              2024
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000
      Balance at the beginning of the period                                       1,008,772                 –
      Additions during the period                                                    100,000           970,000
      Interest expenses arising from redemption liability                             34,865             5,103

      Balance at the end of the period                                             1,143,637           975,103




                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   69
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     20   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS

          (a)   Dividends

                Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial
                years, declared and approved during the period:

                                                                                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                  Dividends in respect of previous financial years
                    declared and approved during the interim period,
                    RMB0.16 per share (six months ended June 30,
                    2024: RMB0.16 per share)                                          395,952          406,946
                  Less: Dividends attributable to unvested shares under
                    2021 RSU scheme                                                     (5,206)         (5,462)

                                                                                      390,746          401,484


                The directors did not recommend payment of interim dividends for the six months ended June
                30, 2025 and 2024.


          (b)   Equity settled share-based transactions

                (i)   2021 Restricted Stock Unit (“RSU”) scheme (“2021 RSU Scheme”) adopted by the Company

                      On May 20, 2021, the board of the Company approved the adoption of the 2021 RSU Scheme
                      and would grant up to 137,296,927 RSUs, representing 137,296,927 underlying shares to the
                      directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries (“the Participants”) under the
                      2021 RSU Scheme in aggregate.

                      On June 15, 2023, the shareholders of the Company approved the amendments of the 2021
                      RSU Scheme and would grant up to 266,404,561 RSUs, representing 266,404,561 underlying
                      shares to the Participants under the 2021 RSU Scheme in aggregate.

                      During the six months ended June 30, 2025, nil shares (six months ended June 30, 2024:
                      nil shares) was allotted and issued to Futu Trustee Limited or Tricor Trust (Hong Kong)
                      Limited (“the Trustees”). As at June 30, 2025, the total shares allotted and issued to the
                      Trustees were 55,404,000 shares (2024: 55,404,000 shares). Neither the Participants nor
                      the Trustees may exercise any of the voting rights in respect of any shares held by the
                      Trustees for the purpose of the 2021 RSU Scheme.




70   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                             NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                               (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



20   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

     (b)   Equity settled share-based transactions - continued

           (i)   2021 Restricted Stock Unit (“RSU”) scheme (“2021 RSU Scheme”) adopted by the Company -
                 continued

                 The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                                                                                                      Consideration
                                           Number                                                          per RSU
                                           of RSUs    Vesting condition                                       RMB
                  2021 RSU Scheme
                  – on July 16, 2021     10,838,000   Graded vest of one third per year over three              Nil
                                                      years from the date of grant and subject to
                                                      performance conditions
                  – on November 1,        8,712,000   Graded vest of one third on August 27, 2022,              Nil
                    2021                              2023 and 2024 respectively, and subject to
                                                      performance conditions
                  – on December 23,      11,841,000   Graded vest of one third per year over three              Nil
                    2021                              years from the date of grant and subject to
                                                      performance conditions
                  – on May 11, 2022       6,810,000   Graded vest of one third of 1,500,000                     Nil
                                                      RSUs on January 17, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
                                                      respectively, one third of 5,310,000 RSUs per
                                                      year over three years from the date of grant
                                                      and both subject to performance conditions
                  –on September 28,      14,489,000   Graded vest of half of 80,000 RSUs on                     Nil
                    2022                              May 11, 2023 and 2024, Graded vest of
                                                      one third of 528,000 RSUs on May 11, 2023,
                                                      2024 and 2025, respectively, Graded vest
                                                      of one third of 13,881,000 RSUs on
                                                      September 28, 2023, 2024 and 2025 and all
                                                      subject to performance conditions
                  – on November 9,        3,669,000   Cliff vest of 154,000 RSUs on November 9,                 Nil
                    2022                              2023, Graded vest of one third of 3,515,000
                                                      RSUs on November 9, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
                                                      and both subject to performance conditions
                  – on June 28, 2023      4,282,000   Cliff vest of 76,000 RSUs on June 28, 2024,               Nil
                                                      Graded vest of one third of 4,206,000 RSUs
                                                      on June 28, 2024, 2025 and 2026, and both
                                                      subject to performance conditions
                  – on March 21, 2024     3,817,500   Cliff vest of 430,500 RSUs on March 21,2025,              Nil
                                                      Graded vest of half of 126,000 RSUs on
                                                      March 21, 2025 and 2026, respectively,
                                                      Graded vest of one third of 3,261,000 RSUs
                                                      on March 21, 2025, 2026 and 2027, and all
                                                      subject to performance conditions
                  – on August 22, 2024    2,955,900   Cliff vest of 2,734,100 RSUs on August 22,                Nil
                                                      2025, Graded vest of one third of 221,800
                                                      RSUs on August 22, 2025, 2026 and 2027,
                                                      respectively, and all subject to performance
                                                      conditions
                  – on March 25, 2025     1,777,000   Cliff vest of 400,000 RSUs on March 25,                   Nil
                                                      2026, Graded vest of one third of 1,377,000
                                                      RSUs on March 25, 2026, 2027 and 2028,
                                                      respectively, and all subject to performance
                                                      conditions

                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025   71
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     20   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

          (b)   Equity settled share-based transactions - continued

                (i)   2021 Restricted Stock Unit (“RSU”) scheme (“2021 RSU Scheme”) adopted by the Company -
                      continued

                      A summary of RSUs outstanding for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                     June 30, 2025               June 30, 2024
                                                                 Weighted                    Weighted
                                                                  average                     average
                                                                grant-date    Number of     grant-date    Number of
                                                                 fair value        RSUs      fair value          RSUs
                                                                      RMB                        RMB
                       Balance at the beginning of the period         5.43    9,886,840           7.00     8,545,000
                       Grant during the period                        6.94    1,777,000           4.98     3,817,500
                       Vested during the period                       5.80    (1,821,850)            –              –
                       Forfeited during the period                    6.36    (2,285,300)         6.57    (1,058,000)

                       Balance at the end of the period               5.62    7,556,690           6.36    11,304,500


                      The grant-date fair value of the RSUs granted is measured based on the closing price of the
                      Company’s shares at the respective grant dates.

                      During the six months ended June 30, 2025, RMB3,075,000 (six months ended June 30,
                      2024: RMB10,199,000) was charged to the profit or loss in respect of the 2021 RSU Scheme
                      as equity settled share-based transactions.




72   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                            NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                                  (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



20   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

     (b)   Equity settled share-based transactions - continued

           (ii)   Share incentive scheme adopted by Simcere Zaiming

                  In March 2024, the board of directors and shareholders of Simcere Zaiming approved the
                  adoption of a share incentive scheme (“Zaiming Share Incentive Scheme”) to the directors,
                  supervisors, senior management and core employees (“the Zaiming Participants”) of the
                  Simcere Zaiming and its subsidiaries, pursuant to which, the total shares to be granted
                  shall be additional 20,319,096 ordinary shares of Simcere Zaiming to be subscribed for
                  by the Zaiming Participants (either directly or through any intermediate shareholding
                  vehicles), representing approximately 4.43% of the enlarged issued share capital of
                  Simcere Zaiming immediately upon completion of the capital contribution of Simcere
                  Zaiming (see Note 19).

                  The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                                                                                                    Consideration
                                           Number                                                      per share
                                           of share                                                       options
                                            options       Vesting condition                                 RMB
                   Zaiming Share
                     Incentive Scheme
                   – on March 20, 2024 17,113,000         Graded vest of one fourth per year over              5.49
                                                          four years from the date of grant and
                                                          subject to performance conditions
                   – on August 6, 2024    1,440,000       Graded vest of one fourth per year over              5.49
                                                          four years from the date of grant and
                                                          subject to performance conditions
                   – on May 6, 2025       1,770,000       Graded vest of one fourth per year over              5.83
                                                          four years from the date of grant and
                                                          subject to performance conditions

                  A summary of shares outstanding for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                   June 30, 2025               June 30, 2024
                                                               Weighted                    Weighted
                                                                 average      Number of      average    Number of
                                                              grant-date         share    grant-date       share
                                                               fair value       options    fair value     options
                                                                     RMB                         RMB
                   Outstanding at the beginning of the
                     period                                        11.74    17,199,000             –             –
                   Grant during the period                         11.39     1,770,000         11.74    17,113,000
                   Forfeited during the period                     11.74      (270,000)        11.74      (134,000)

                   Outstanding at the end of the period            11.71    18,699,000         11.74    16,979,000

                   Exercisable at the end of the period                       4,232,250                           –


                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025   73
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     20   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

          (b)   Equity settled share-based transactions - continued

                (ii)   Share incentive scheme adopted by Simcere Zaiming - continued

                       The fair value of services received in return for the shares granted is measured by
                       reference to the fair value of such equity instruments on the grant date, of which the
                       estimation is measured based on the Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions:

                                                                                                     March 20, 2024/
                          Grant date                                                  May 6, 2025    August 16, 2024


                          Risk-free interest rate                                   1.38% – 1.50%      1.81% – 2.17%
                          Expected volatility                                     60.65% – 64.93%    57.69% – 64.64%
                          Expected dividend yield                                              –                  –

                       The spot price used in the Black-Scholes model was determined with reference to the fair
                       value of the underlying equity interest of Simcere Zaiming in the recent capital transaction
                       close to the grant date.

                       During the six months ended June 30, 2025, RMB38,357,000 (six months ended June 30,
                       2024: RMB22,344,000) was charged to the profit or loss in respect of the Zaiming Share
                       Incentive Scheme as equity settled share-based transactions.

          (c)   Purchase of own shares

                During the interim period, the Company repurchased its own shares on The Stock Exchange of
                Hong Kong Limited as follows:

                                                      Number
                                                     of shares    Highest price       Lowest price        Aggregate
                  Trading date                  repurchased      paid per share     paid per share             price
                                                                          HKD                 HKD              HKD
                  January 2025                       8,336,000             6.93               6.34        55,107,010
                  April 2025                         3,287,000             7.97               7.30        25,262,070

                  Total                             11,623,000                                            80,369,080

                  Equivalent to RMB                                                                       74,302,000

                The repurchase was governed by section 257 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The total
                amount paid on the repurchased shares of HKD80,369,080 (RMB equivalent 74,302,000) was paid
                wholly out of retained profits.




74   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                          NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



21   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

     Capital commitments outstanding at June 30, 2025 not provided for in the interim financial report:

                                                                                 June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
      Contracted for                                                             462,093            436,784

      Represented by:
      Construction of plant and buildings                                        438,644            409,349
      Acquisition of machinery and equipment                                       23,449             27,435

                                                                                 462,093            436,784



22   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     (a)   Names and relationships of the related parties that had material transactions with the Group:

            Name of related party                        Relationship
            Mr. Ren Jinsheng                             Ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group
            Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Controlled by the ultimate controlling
              Co., Ltd.                                    shareholder of the Group
            BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group    Controlled by the ultimate controlling
              Co., Ltd.                                    shareholder of the Group
            Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management           Controlled by the ultimate controlling
              Co., Ltd.                                    shareholder of the Group
            Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co., Ltd.       Controlled by the ultimate controlling
                                                           shareholder of the Group
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics          Controlled by a close family member of the
              Co., Ltd.                                    ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Device Co., Ltd.     Controlled by a close family member of the
                                                           ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group
            Shenzhen Xianbo Biotechnology Co., Ltd.      Controlled by the ultimate controlling
                                                           shareholder of the Group
            Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection           Controlled by a close family member of the
              Laboratory Co., Ltd.                         ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group
            Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology        Controlled by the ultimate controlling
              Co., Ltd.                                    shareholder of the Group
            Xianwei (Hainan) Biotechnology Co., Ltd.     Controlled by the ultimate controlling
                                                           shareholder of the Group
            Nanjing Xuanwu Youai Clinic Co., Ltd.        Controlled by the ultimate controlling
                                                           shareholder of the Group




                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025   75
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     22   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

          (b)   Significant related party transactions:

                The Group had following transactions with related parties:

                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                   2025           2024
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000
                 Purchase of goods
                 Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.                       4                 –


                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                   2025           2024
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000
                 Purchase of services
                 Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.            33,175          5,141
                 Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd.             496           526
                 Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co., Ltd.                              460           457
                 Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                       178                 4
                 Jiangsu Simcere Medical Device Co., Ltd.                              4                 –
                 Nanjing Xuanwu Youai Clinic Co., Ltd.                                 –             38

                                                                                  34,313          6,166

                 Rendering of services
                 Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                     1,903          2,830
                 Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                87                 –
                 BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                  74                 –
                 Jiangsu Simcere Medical Device Co., Ltd.                             14                 –
                 Shenzhen Xianbo Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                               8                 –
                 Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd.               5                 –

                                                                                   2,091          2,830

                 Receiving rental, property management and
                   other related services
                 BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.              10,008         11,459
                 Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd.                      1,060           930

                                                                                  11,068         12,389

                 Providing rental, property management and
                   other related services
                 Xianwei (Hainan) Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                            551           785



76   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                           NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                             (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



22   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

     Leasing arrangements

     During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group newly entered into lease contracts with a
     related party in respect of leasehold property for research and development activities or office use,
     with lease term of three years. The monthly rental payment by the Group under these leases is
     RMB2,350,000, which was determined with reference to amounts charged by the related party to third
     parties. At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognized a right-of-use asset and a
     lease liability of RMB60,696,000. As at June 30, 2025, the balance of right-of-use assets and lease
     liabilities for lease contracts with related parties amounted to RMB61,740,000 and RMB62,105,000,
     respectively.


23   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value

           (i)   Fair value hierarchy

                 The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured
                 at the end of each reporting period on a recurring basis, categorized into the three-level
                 fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a
                 fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to the observability and
                 significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

                 – Level 1 valuations:      Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted
                                            quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                                            at the measurement date;

                 – Level 2 valuations:      Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable
                                            inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant
                                            unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which
                                            market data are not available;

                 – Level 3 valuations:      Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.




                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025   77
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     23   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

          (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value - continued

                (i)   Fair value hierarchy - continued

                      The Group has a team headed by the finance manager performing valuations for the
                      financial instruments, including unlisted equity investments and unlisted units in
                      investment funds which are categorized into Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The team
                      reports directly to the chief financial officer. A valuation report with analysis of changes
                      in fair value measurement is prepared by the team at each interim and annual reporting
                      date, and is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer. Discussion of the valuation
                      process and results with the chief financial officer is held twice a year, to coincide with the
                      reporting dates.

                                                                 Fair value at     Fair value measurement at
                                                                     June 30,             June 30, 2025
                                                                         2025            categorized into
                                                                     RMB’000      Level 1     Level 2     Level 3
                       Recurring fair value measurement
                       Financial assets at FVOCI
                         – Listed equity securities                    13,767      13,767           –             –
                         – Unlisted equity security                   275,132           –     275,132             –
                       Financial assets at FVPL
                         – Listed equity security                      97,978      97,978           –            –
                         – Unlisted equity investments                334,275           –     148,956      185,319
                         – Unlisted units in investment funds         492,761           –           –      492,761
                       Interest in associates                          50,613           –      50,613            –

                                                                 Fair value at     Fair value measurement at
                                                                December 31,           December 31, 2024
                                                                         2024            categorized into
                                                                     RMB’000      Level 1      Level 2    Level 3
                       Recurring fair value measurement
                       Financial assets at FVOCI
                         – Listed equity securities                     4,857       4,857            –            –
                         – Unlisted equity security                   275,132           –      275,132            –
                       Financial assets at FVPL
                         – Listed equity securities                    65,718      65,718            –            –
                         – Unlisted equity investments                386,567           –      200,927      185,640
                         – Unlisted units in investment funds         509,217           –            –      509,217
                       Interest in associates                          40,000           –       40,000            –




78   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                                         (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



23   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

     (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value - continued

           (i)    Fair value hierarchy - continued

                  During the six months ended June 30, 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1
                  and Level 2. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, there were transfers of amount
                  of nil (2024: RMB66,033,000) from level 2 to level 3 due to significant unobservable
                  inputs in 2024. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, there were no transfers
                  (2024: RMB142,480,000) from Level 3 to Level 2 due to the available recently comparable
                  transaction with significant observable inputs in 2025. The Group’s policy is to recognize
                  transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in
                  which they occur.

                  Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements

                  The fair value of unlisted equity securities, certain unlisted equity investments and interest
                  in associates in Level 2 is determined by recent comparable transaction price on the
                  market. These investments were either acquired, re-invested by the Group recently or
                  newly financed on the market.

           (ii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                 Valuation techniques                   Significant unobservable inputs
                    Unlisted equity              Comparable transactions                Changing trend of medium
                         investments               adjusted approach/market                market multiples of comparable
                                                   approach (Note i)                       companies/medium market
                                                                                           multiples of comparable
                                                                                           companies
                    Unlisted units in            Net asset value (Note ii)              Net asset value of underlying
                         investment funds                                                  investments

                  Notes:

                  (i)     The fair value of certain unlisted equity investments is determined using comparable transactions
                          adjusted approach or market approach adjusted for changing trend of medium market multiples
                          of comparable companies or medium market multiples of comparable companies. The fair value
                          measurement is positively correlated to the changing trend of medium market multiples of comparable
                          companies. As at June 30, 2025, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, an increase/
                          decrease in change of medium market multiples of comparable companies by 5% would have increased/
                          decreased the Group’s profit for the period by RMB8,651,000 (2024: RMB RMB8,667,000).

                  (ii)    The fair value of unlisted units in investment funds is determined referencing net asset value of
                          underlying investments. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to net asset value of
                          underlying investments. As at June 30, 2025, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant,
                          an increase/decrease in net asset value of underlying investments by 5% would have increased/
                          decreased the Group’s profit for the period by RMB22,202,000 (2024: RMB23,004,000).




                                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025     79
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     23   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

          (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value - continued

                (ii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements - continued

                       The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending
                       balances for fair value measurement in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                   June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
                        Financial assets at FVPL
                        At January 1                                                     694,857            970,696
                        Net realized and unrealized losses on financial assets
                          at fair value through profit or loss                             (8,936)           (83,525)
                        Purchases                                                                  –         36,526
                        Sales and settlements                                              (2,667)           (52,099)
                        Exchange difference                                                (5,174)             3,222

                        As at June 30                                                    678,080            874,820


          (b)   Fair values of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value

                The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost
                were not materially different from their fair values as at December 31, 2024 and June 30, 2025.




80   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
