先聲藥業集團有限公司
Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited




ANNUAL REPORT
2020
CONTENTS
2    Corporate Information

4    Company Overview

7    Chairman’s Statement

8    Management Discussion and Analysis

14   Directors’ Report

39   Corporate Governance Report

54   Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

61   Independent Auditor’s Report

68   Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss

69   Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss and
       Other Comprehensive Income

70   Consolidated Statements of Financial Position

72   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity

74   Consolidated Cash Flow Statements

76   Notes to the Financial Statements

164 Financial Summary
    Corporate Information

    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                                     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman and Chief Executive                          Mr. BAO Jun
    Officer)                                                                Ms. FENG Jie   (Associate member of the Hong
                                                                                           Kong Institute of Chartered
    Mr. ZHANG Cheng(1)
                                                                                           Secretaries and the Institute
    Mr. WAN Yushan
                                                                                           of Chartered Secretaries and
    Mr. TANG Renhong                                                                       Administrators in the United
                                                                                           Kingdom)
    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                                                  Ms. MAK Po Man (Associate member of the Hong
    Mr. ZHAO John Huan                                                       Cherie        Kong Institute of Chartered
                                                                                           Secretaries and the Institute
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE                                                              of Chartered Secretaries and
                                                                                           Administrators in the United
      DIRECTORS
                                                                                           Kingdom)
    Mr. SONG Ruilin
    Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                        AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. WANG Xinhua                                                         Mr. BAO Jun
                                                                            Mr. WAN Yushan
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
    Mr. WANG Xinhua (Chairman)                                              HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
    Mr. SONG Ruilin                                                         Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                        Shops 1712-1716
                                                                            17th Floor Hopewell Centre
    REMUNERATION AND APPRAISAL                                              183 Queen’s Road East
      COMMITTEE                                                             Wan Chai
    Mr. WANG Jianguo (Chairman)                                             Hong Kong
    Mr. WANG Xinhua
    Mr. REN Jinsheng                                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                                            43/F, AIA Tower
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                                    183 Electric Road
    Mr. SONG Ruilin (Chairman)                                              North Point
    Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                        Hong Kong
    Mr. REN Jinsheng
                                                                            HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL
    STRATEGY COMMITTEE                                                       PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
    Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman)                                             No. 699-18, Xuanwu Road
    Mr. ZHAO John Huan                                                      Xuanwu District, Nanjing
    Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                        Jiangsu
                                                                            PRC

                                                                            COMPANY’S WEBSITE
                                                                            http://www.simcere.com

                                                                            PLACE OF LISTING AND STOCK CODE
                                                                            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                                            2096




    Note:

    (1)     Mr. ZHANG Cheng resigned as an executive Director and the chief operating officer of the Company with effect from March 31, 2021.

2           Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Corporate Information

PRINCIPAL BANKS
Bank of China Limited
Nanjing Jiangbei New District Branch
No. 30, Wende Road
Pukou District, Nanjing
Jiangsu PRC

China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.,
Nanjing Longpan Road Sub-Branch
No. 31, Changfu Street
Qinhuai District, Nanjing
Jiangsu PRC

AUDITOR
KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance
with the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
8/F Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

LEGAL ADVISER
William Ji & Co. LLP in Association with Tian Yuan Law
Firm Hong Kong Office
Suites 3304-3309
33/F, Jardine House
One Connaught Place
Central, Hong Kong

COMPLIANCE ADVISER
China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong)
  Co., Limited
20th Floor, Wing On Centre
111 Connaught Road Central
Sheung Wan
Hong Kong




                                                          Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020   3
    Company Overview

    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

    As at December 31, 2020, the Group had two innovative pharmaceuticals approved for sale within the year:
    Sanbexin (edaravone and dexborneol concentrated solution for injection), category I innovative pharmaceutical,
    and Orencia (abatacept injection), imported registered innovative pharmaceutical. Sanbexin has been included
    into the “Drugs Catalogue for the National Basic Medical Insurance, Work-related Injury Insurance and Maternity
    Insurance (2020)” released on December 28, 2020, and will benefit more patients suffering from stroke in the
    future.

    As at December 31, 2020, the Group had more than 50 innovative product candidates in its R&D pipeline, with
    over 20 new projects established as compared to the beginning of the year. During the year, the Group obtained
    six IND approvals, had one IND application accepted for approval and 11 projects at clinical development stage.

    The proportion of sales revenue from innovative pharmaceuticals of the Group grew year-to-year, contributed
    25.5%, 32.9% and 45.1% of the total revenue for the years ended December 31 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively.

    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

    For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Group recorded the following financial results:

    •   Revenue of approximately RMB4,509 million, representing a decrease of approximately 10.5% as compared
        with that for the year ended December 31, 2019, among which the revenue from innovative pharmaceuticals
        of approximately RMB2,029 million, representing an increase of approximately 22.5% as compared with that
        for the year ended December 31, 2019;

    •   Research and development costs of approximately RMB1,142 million, representing an increase of
        approximately 59.4% as compared with that for the year ended December 31, 2019, which accounted for
        approximately 25.3% of the revenue;

    •   Profit for the year of approximately RMB664 million, representing a decrease of approximately 33.8% as
        compared with that for the year ended December 31, 2019; and

    •   Earnings per share of approximately RMB0.28, representing a decrease of approximately 34.9% as compared
        with that for the year ended December 31, 2019.




4       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Company Overview

Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), now rapidly
transitioning to an innovation and R&D-driven pharmaceutical company, has R&D, production and professional
marketing capabilities. The Group is committed to providing today’s patients with medicines of the future.

The Group focuses on three therapeutic areas, oncology, central nervous system diseases and autoimmune
diseases. In each of these three areas, the Group has category I innovative pharmaceuticals approved for sale.
The proportion of revenue from innovative pharmaceuticals of the Group grew year-to-year, contributed 25.5%,
32.9% and 45.1% of the total revenue for the years ended December 31 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively.

As at December 31, 2020, the Group had two innovative pharmaceuticals approved for sale during the year:
Sanbexin (edaravone and dexborneol concentrated solution for injection), category I innovative pharmaceutical,
and Orencia (abatacept injection), imported registered innovative pharmaceutical. Sanbexin has been included
into the “Drugs Catalogue for the National Basic Medical Insurance, Work-related Injury Insurance and Maternity
Insurance (“NRDL”) (2020)” released on December 28, 2020, and will benefit more patients suffering from stroke
in the future.

Attaching great importance to innovative pharmaceutical R&D, the Group devotes itself to research and increases
the R&D investment year on year. For the full year of 2020, the Group’s R&D costs amounted to RMB1,142
million, accounting for approximately 25.3% of the revenue, representing an increase of approximately 59.4% as
compared with the prior year. The Group has three innovative drug R&D centers located in Shanghai, Nanjing in
the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”) and Boston in the United States of America (“U.S.”or “United
States”), with a R&D team of over 900 staff. The Group has more than 50 innovative product candidates in its
R&D pipeline, with over 20 new projects established as compared to the beginning of 2020. During the year, the
Group obtained six Investigational New Drug (“IND”) approvals, had one IND application accepted for approval
and 11 projects at clinical development stage. The Group also has introduced several high-value innovative
pharmaceutical projects through external collaborations, including KN035 (the partner’s marketing application
for this product was accepted by the National Medical Products Administration of the PRC (the “NMPA”) in
December 2020) and Trilaciclib (the partner’s marketing application for this product was approved by the Food
and Drug Administration of the United States (the “U.S. FDA”) in February 2021). It will continuously promote the
research and development of innovative pharmaceuticals and bring more drugs with better efficacy to patients
through the dual-drive mode of independent R&D and R&D cooperation.

The Group continuously expands its marketing team and improves the professional marketing level. As at
December 31, 2020, it has approximately 4,000 salespersons, representing an increase of approximately 1,100 as
compared to June 30, 2020, laying a foundation for the marketing of innovative pharmaceuticals.

MAJOR PRODUCTS

Oncology Products          :      Endostar (recombinant human endostatin injection)
                                  Jepaso (nedaplatin for injection)
                                  Sinofuan (5-fluorouracil implants)

Central Nervous System     :      Sanbexin (edaravone and dexborneol concentrated solution for injection)
  Products                        Bicun (edaravone injection)

Autoimmune Products        :      Iremod (iguratimod tablets)
                                  Orencia (abatacept injection)
                                  Yingtaiqing (diclofenac sodium sustained release capsules/gel)

Other Products             :      Newanti (biapenem for injection)
                                  Softan (rosuvastatin calcium tablets)
                                  ZAILIN (amoxicillin granules/dispersible tablets/capsules)
                                  XINTA (levamlodipine besylate tablets)


                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020       5
    Company Overview

    On January 8, 2020, Orencia (abatacept injection), an imported and registered innovative pharmaceutical,
    obtained the Import Drug License issued by the NMPA. According to Frost & Sullivan (Beijing) Inc., Shanghai
    Branch Co. (“Frost & Sullivan”), it became the first and only soluble CTLA4-Fc fusion protein approved for sale
    in China and the first and only selective T-cell co-stimulation immunomodulator in rheumatoid arthritis area
    worldwide.

    On March 19, 2020, the workshop for oral solid dosage forms of Nanjing production facility passed the on-site
    inspection of the U.S. FDA with zero defect.

    On July 29, 2020, the category I innovative pharmaceutical Sanbexin (edaravone and dexborneol concentrated
    solution for injection) obtained the drug registration certificate issued by the NMPA. It is a category I innovative
    drug that the Group has the proprietary intellectual property right; it is also the only innovative pharmaceutical
    for the treatment of stroke to obtain approval for marketing in the past five years worldwide. The drug wins the
    honor of National Major Scientific and Technological Special Project for Significant New Drug Development during
    the 13th Five-Year Plan Period (國家十三五「重大新藥創制」科技重大專項). On February 16, 2021 (the U.S. time),
    data of the phase III clinical study of Sanbexin was published in the international authoritative medical journal
    STROKE.

    On November 16, 2020, Jiangsu Simcere Biological Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (江蘇先聲生物製藥有限公司), the
    antibody production arm of the Group, obtained the Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Permit issued by the NMPA.

    Website of the Group: http://www.simcere.com/




6        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Chairman’s Statement

In 2020, with the progress in reform of the evaluation-based drug examination and approval system and the
accelerated update of national reimbursement drug list, national policies offered unprecedented encouragement
for innovation. Simcere has been, in the past few years, proceeding with and is now insisting on transformation
to a R&D-driven company in a more comprehensive and faster way and engagement in the research and
development of innovative pharmaceuticals with greater courage and intensity.

In the past year, we launched two innovative drugs, i.e. Sanbexin and Orencia, of which Sanbexin as developed
in-house by us was listed in the national reimbursement drug list in the year of launch. In the field of oncology,
we submitted a marketing application for Envafolimab, which was developed by us in strategic cooperation with
Alphamab and 3D Medicines and was qualified for priority review; the CDK4/6 inhibitor Trilaciclib as developed
in cooperation with G1 has obtained the IND approval; the new generation of NTRK/ROS1 multi-target inhibitor
achieved clinical enrollment. In the field of autoimmune diseases, the clinical trial application for Iremod for the
treatment of the new indication of Sjögren’s syndrome was approved; the clinic trial of URAT1 inhibitor developed
in cooperation with JW Pharmaceutical Corporation for the treatment of gout with hyperuricemia was approved.
In the field of central nervous system, the phase III clinical research has started for Y-2 sublingual tablets
(edaravone and dexborneol tablets). We look forward to the rapid progress of and new milestones in these
innovative projects with unique strengths and potential.

In 2020, the Group realised revenue of RMB4,509 million and net profit of RMB664 million. The R&D costs
amounted to RMB1,142 million, accounting for 25.3% of revenue. It is worth mentioning that the product revenue
from our innovative drugs (Endostar, Iremod, Sanbexin and Orencia) accounted for 45.1% of the Group’s total
revenue, compared with that of 32.9% for the same period of last year. We believe that thanks to Sanbexin,
Orencia and the continuous launch of future innovative products, this proportion will increase continually year by
year, realizing our goal of full transformation into an innovative pharmaceutical company.

We are of the view that the innovative product portfolio launched and about to be launched by the Group will
continue to bring patients with treatment methods of better efficacy. In the new year, our team will continue to
grow and develop. We will attract more talented scientists to join our R&D team, so as to develop an innovative
pharmaceutical R&D organisational ecology led by Shanghai R&D Center and complemented by Nanjing R&D
Center and Boston R&D Center. Meanwhile, we will continue to expand our commercialization team, so as to
provide rapid market coverage for innovative product launches and to improve the accessibility of effective
pharmaceuticals to patients.

I hereby on behalf of the Board, management team and all staff of Simcere, would like to express our sincere
thanks to our customers, partners and investors for their trust, support and help. We believe that in the wave
of medical innovation in the PRC, every year is the best year for dream chasers with great aspirations. We will
continue to practice the mission of “providing today’s patients with medicines of the future” and persist in
struggling with joint efforts, in an effort to motivate all our staff to help more patients and realize the value of the
Group.




REN Jinsheng
Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

March 25, 2021



                                                         Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020           7
    Management Discussion and Analysis

    INDUSTRY REVIEW
    In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic brought challenge and test to the economic development of China. With the
    post-epidemic “new normal” of China and the active promotion of reform by the State in various aspects, the
    pharmaceutical industry continues to face with new development and opportunities.

    On the one hand, China has introduced policies to propel evaluation of various innovative pharmaceuticals in
    an effort to gradually align with the international evaluation system, which, together with the capital market that
    provides a smooth financing channel for innovative pharmaceutical companies, vigorously promoted the boom
    of innovative pharmaceutical research and development. Global technological advances and the integration
    of translational medicine and innovative pharmaceuticals in practice continued to introduce highly innovative
    pharmaceuticals and to provide clinical treatment methods of better efficacy. In the future, only companies with
    a strong R&D and innovation power and a growing pipeline of product candidates will compete successfully and
    win the respect of doctors and patients.

    On the other hand, on March 5, 2020, the State Council released the Opinions of the CPC Central Committee
    and the State Council on Deepening the Reform of Medical Insurance System, proposing to adjust the
    NRDL, incorporate drugs, diagnosis items and medical consumables of high clinical value and excellent
    pharmacoeconomics evaluation into the scope of medical insurance reimbursement, standardize the
    reimbursement scope for medical services and facilities, improve the NRDL dynamic adjustment mechanism
    and the medical insurance access negotiation system. The document put forward a top-level plan for the
    medical insurance system reform and set the overall reform objective and approach for the construction of
    medical insurance system in the next 5-10 years. The increasing population coverage of medical insurance, the
    increasing frequency of national negotiations on the NRDL, and the implementation of centralized procurement
    and rational use of drugs, are driving pharmacoeconomics to play an increasingly important role in payment.
    The commercialisation capabilities of pharmaceutical companies, as a part in the monetization-oriented
    transformation of innovation achievements, will play a vital and indispensable role.

    The pandemic brings more social attention to healthcare enterprises. In the meantime, as China’s pharmaceutical
    industry enters the dramatic reform stage, pharmaceutical enterprises need to build the comprehensive ability
    to pursue both product innovation and commercialization breakthrough, so that they can bring drugs with better
    efficacy to clinical patients on a continuous basis and therefore win in the competition.

    BUSINESS REVIEW
    During the year, the Group made the following achievements and progress:

    On January 8, 2020, Orencia (abatacept injection), the imported innovative pharmaceutical under the cooperation
    of the Group and Bristol Myers Squibb (“BMS”), obtained the Import Drug License issued by the NMPA. According
    to Frost & Sullivan, it became the first and only soluble CTLA4-Fc fusion protein approved for sale in China and
    the first and only selective T-cell co-stimulation immunomodulator in rheumatoid arthritis area worldwide.

    In March 2020, the Group entered into collaboration agreements with Jiangsu Alphamab Biopharmaceuticals Co.,
    Ltd. (江蘇康寧傑瑞生物製藥有限公司) (“Alphamab”) and 3D Medicines (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (思路迪（北京）醫藥科技
    有限公司) (“3D Medicines”), which have granted the Group an exclusive right to promote Envafolimab (KN035)
    for all oncology indications in China, potentially the first subcutaneously injectable anti-PD-L1 domain antibody
    worldwide. On December 17, 2020, the NMPA accepted the biologic license application (“BLA”) for Envafolimab in
    the treatment of advanced solid tumors with microsatellite instability-high (“MSI-H”) phenotype/mismatch-repair
    deficiency (“dMMR”), and included the product into the list of priority review in January 2021. The U.S. FDA also
    rewarded the product with orphan drug designation in treating advanced biliary tract cancer on January 18, 2020.

    On July 29, 2020, Sanbexin (edaravone and dexborneol concentrated solution for injection), category I innovative
    pharmaceutical developed independently by the Group, obtained the drug registration certificate by the NMPA. It
    is the only innovative pharmaceutical for the treatment of stroke to obtain approval for sale in the past five years
    worldwide. On December 28, 2020, Sanbexin was admitted into the NRDL(2020) released during the same period.


8        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Management Discussion and Analysis

On August 12, 2020, Aijiewei (tofacitinib citrate tablets), category IV generic pharmaceutical developed
independently by the Group, was approved for marketing by the NMPA. The product won the bidding in the third
round of centralized procurement of drugs in the same month. Categorized in the Part B of the NRDL, it is also
included in China Rheumatoid Arthritis Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines 2018 (《2018年中國類風濕關節炎診
療指南》), having the same status as TNF-α inhibitors and IL-6 inhibitors. Being JAK kinase inhibitor, the product
strengthens the Group’s autoimmune disease products portfolio.

On August 13, 2020, the Group signed the license agreement with U.S.-based G1 Therapeutics, INC. (Nasdaq:
GTHX) (the “G1”) for the innovative pharmaceutical Trilaciclib. Trilaciclib, product of the partner G1, was
designated as a breakthrough therapy by the U.S. FDA. In August 2020, the U.S. FDA has accepted the
new drug application (the “NDA”) filed by G1 for Trilaciclib for small-cell lung cancer patients being treated
with chemotherapy and granted the approval for the products to be used in lowering the incidence rate of
chemotherapy-induced myelosuppression in the extensive stage of adult SCLC patients on February 12, 2021.
The Group received the Clinical Trial Approval for two indications of this pharmaceutical as approved and issued
by the NMPA on January 18, 2021 and April 9, 2021.

On November 3, 2020, Simcere Pharmaceutical Animal Laboratory (先聲藥業動物實驗中心) passed the
certification of Association for Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care International (AAALAC),
representing that Group’s laboratory animal quality and animal facility management level have met international
standards.

During the year, the Group obtained six IND approvals for products in its innovative pharmaceutical pipeline,
including SIM-201 (NTRK/ROS1, for oncology), SIM-295 (URAT1, for gout with hyperuricemia), iguratimod tablets
(for Sjög-ren’s syndrome) and etc. In addition, the Group had three Acceptance of Clinical Trial Application (藥
物臨床試驗申請受理通知書) accepted (all of which have been approved as at the date of this annual results
announcement for the year of 2020), including sevacizumab (VEGF, for ovarian cancer), Y-2 sublingual tablets
(edaravone and dexborneol tablets, for acute ischemic stroke) and Trilaciclib (CDK4/6, for chemotherapy-induced
myelosuppression).

During the year, to ensure the speed and efficiency of commercial promotion in the marketing of new products
and improve its product coverage, the Group continued to expand the marketing team with approximately
1,100 salespersons newly added as compared with that as at June 30, 2020. Meanwhile, the Group continued to
enhance its training efforts and improved the professional academic marketing ability of the marketing team.

For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB4,509 million,
representing a decrease of approximately 10.5% from the prior year. Profit for the year reached approximately
RMB664 million, representing a decrease of approximately 33.8% from the prior year. Earnings per share
amounted to approximately RMB0.28, representing a decrease of approximately 34.9% from the prior year.

Revenue
Most of the Group’s revenue was generated from sales of pharmaceutical products. Our products primarily
concentrated on the strategically focused therapeutic areas: oncology diseases, central nervous system diseases
and autoimmune diseases. The decrease of total revenue was mainly due to the decrease in sales revenue of
Bicun (edaravone injection) for failing to be included in the NRDL issued in August 2019 and coming into effect in
January 2020.

Oncology Products
Our main products in this therapeutic area include Endostar (recombinant human endostatin injection),
Jepaso (nedaplatin for injection) and Sinofuan (5-fluorouracil implants). During the year ended December 31,
2020, revenue from the oncology product portfolio reached approximately RMB1,255 million, accounting for
approximately 27.8% of the Group’s total revenue.



                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020        9
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Endostar (recombinant human endostatin injection) is the first proprietary anti-angiogenic targeted drug in China
     and the only endostatin approved for sale in China and worldwide. Recombinant human endostatin has been
     included in the NRDL since 2017 and is recommended as a first-line treatment for patients with advanced non-
     small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) by a number of oncology clinical practice guidelines issued by the National Health
     Commission of the PRC, (“NHC”), Chinese Medical Association (中華醫學會) and Chinese Society of Clinical
     Oncology (“CSCO”). In September 2020, CSCO Expert Committee on Antineoplastic Safety Management (中國臨
     床腫瘤學會抗腫瘤藥物安全管理專家委員會) and CSCO Expert Committee on Vascular Targeting Therapy (中國臨
     床腫瘤學會血管靶向治療專家委員會) published the Expert Consensus on the Clinical Application of Recombinant
     Human Endostatin to Treat Malignant Serous Effusion (《重組人血管內皮抑制素治療惡性漿膜腔積液臨床應用專
     家共識》) in Chinese Clinical Oncology. Based on the relevant translational research, clinical trial and real world
     study, the consensus aimed to provide guidance for the reasonable application of Endostar in the clinical practice
     to treat malignant serous effusion.

     Central Nervous System Products
     Our main products in this therapeutic area include Sanbexin (edaravone and dexborneol concentrated solution
     for injection), the innovative pharmaceutical launched in 2020, and Bicun (edaravone injection), the first-to-market
     generic pharmaceutical. On December 28, 2020, Sanbexin was included into the NRDL (2020), which will become
     effective on March 1, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, revenue from the central nervous system
     product portfolio reached approximately RMB704 million, accounting for approximately 15.6% of the Group’s total
     revenue.

     Sanbexin (edaravone and dexborneol concentrated solution for injection) is a category I innovative drug
     developed independently by the Group with proprietary intellectual property right. According to Frost & Sullivan,
     it is the only pharmaceutical for the treatment of stroke to obtain approval for sale in the past five years
     worldwide. Sanbexin incorporated approximately 1,200 acute ischemic stroke patients into the phase III clinical
     trial, and conducted randomized, double-blind, positive controlled, head to head comparison with edaravone
     monotherapy. Data shows that Sanbexin has the efficacy advantage. Launched to the market, the product brings
     treatment of better efficacy to acute ischemic stroke patients.

     Autoimmune Products
     Our main products in this therapeutic area include Iremod (iguratimod tablets), Orencia (abatacept injection)
     and Yingtaiqing (diclofenac sodium sustained release capsules/gel). During the year ended December 31, 2020,
     revenue from the autoimmune product portfolio reached approximately RMB1,119 million, accounting for
     approximately 24.8% of the Group’s total revenue.

     Iremod (iguratimod tablets), the first iguratimod pharmaceutical product approved for sale in the world and the
     only of its kind approved for sale in China, is the only small molecule DMARD that is developed independently
     and marketed in China in the recent ten years. Iguratimod has been included in the NRDL since 2017 and is
     recommended as the primary therapy drug for the treatment of active rheumatoid arthritis by a number of
     clinical practice guidelines and pathways issued by the NHC, Chinese Medical Association, Asia Pacific League of
     Associations for Rheumatology and the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare of Japan. Currently, we are actively
     promoting the indication expansion program on Sjög-ren’s syndrome for this product.

     According to Frost & Sullivan, Orencia (abatacept injection) is the first innovative biologics developed for the PRC
     Market by a China-based company jointly with a leading global pharmaceutical company. It is the first and only
     soluble CTLA4-Fc fusion protein approved for sale in China and the first and only selective T-cell co-stimulation
     immunomodulator in rheumatoid arthritis area worldwide. Abatacept injection is an innovative biologics for the
     treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis. It may be used in combination with other disease-modifying
     anti-rheumatic drugs (“DMARDs”) (other than TNF-α inhibitors), such as methotrexate, to treat moderate to
     severe active rheumatoid arthritis patients who do not respond favorably to other DMARDs. Abatacept injection
     distinguishes itself by proven efficacy, safety and patient compliance. The product is developed by BMS, and the
     Group has been granted the right for developing, registering and commercializing the product in China. According
     to Frost & Sullivan, sales revenue of the product in the world has increased to USD3.2 billion in 2019.


10        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Management Discussion and Analysis

Other Products
Our main products in these therapeutic areas include the first generic drug Newanti (biapenem for injection),
Softan (rosuvastatin calcium tablets), ZAILIN (amoxicillin granules/dispersible tablets/capsules) and Xinta
(Levamlodipine besylate tablet). During the year ended December 31, 2020, revenue from the said product
portfolio reached approximately RMB1,152 million, accounting for approximately 25.6% of the Group’s total
revenue.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

During the year ended December 31, 2020, R&D costs amounted to approximately RMB1,142 million, accounting
for approximately 25.3% of the revenue. R&D costs of the year increased approximately 59.4% as compared with
the prior year.

The research of the Group follows the dual-drive strategy of independent R&D and R&D cooperation. In the
past year, we further increased the investment in independent R&D, including the construction of innovative
pharmaceutical R&D platform and the clinical trial expenditure; in addition, we continued to cooperate with
distinguished pharmaceutical enterprises at home and abroad, trying to bring drugs with better efficacy to
patients at an early date.

The Group’s R&D strategy continues to focus on the three advantageous therapeutic areas: oncology, central
nervous system and autoimmune, and develops products covering both small molecule chemical drugs and
large molecule biologics. The Group pays high attention to the building of innovative pharmaceutical R&D ability,
and establishes R&D centers in Shanghai, Nanjing and Boston. As at December 31, 2020, the Group had over 900
R&D fellows, including over 130 doctors and 460 masters. The number of the Group’s R&D fellows increased by
approximately 170 as compared with that as at June 30, 2020. The drug R&D of the Group has realized functions
covering the whole process from drug discovery, clinical trial to registration, and possessed a national key
laboratory of translational medicine and innovative pharmaceuticals.

Meanwhile, the Group attaches great importance to the protection of intellectual property rights. During the
year ended December 31, 2020, the Group had 89 new patent applications (including domestic and overseas
unpublished patents applications): 78 invention patent applications, 7 utility model patent applications and 4
appearance design patent applications. As at December 31, 2020, the Group has accumulatively obtained 168
licensed invention patents, 63 licensed utility model patents and 15 licensed appearance design patents.

As at December 31, 2020, the Group has over 50 innovative pharmaceutical projects in its R&D pipeline, of which
11 products were in the stage of clinical study, including:

(1)   Oncology: sevacizumab (communication with CDE regarding the phase III clinical study protocol has
      completed recently), pegylated recombinant human endostatin for injection, docetaxel polymeric micelles
      for injection, SIM-201 (the second generation inhibitor of NTRK/ROS1), and etc.

(2)   Central nervous system: Y-2 sublingual tablets (edaravone and dexborneol tablets, for which communication
      with CDE regarding the phase III registration study protocol has completed recently).

(3)   Autoimmune: SIM-335 (IL-17 pathway modulator), iguratimod tablets (new indications), SIM-295 (URAT1).

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Group submitted marketing applications for six generic
drugs, including nifedipine controlled-release tablets, palbociclib capsules, apremilast tablets, bendamustine
hydrochloride for injection, mycophenolate mofetil capsules and Tenofovir Alafenamide Fumarate tablets.
Meanwhile, it filed the application for and completed four consistency evaluation cases regarding pemetrexed
disodium for injection, bortezomib for injection, nedaplatin for injection and amoxicillin and clavulanate potassium
tablets.

                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020         11
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     With regard to cooperation, the Group actively builds relationship and cooperation with distinguished domestic
     and overseas pharmaceutical enterprises. In March 2020, the Group was granted by our business partners an
     exclusive right to promote Envafolimab (KN035) for all oncology indications in China, which is potentially the
     first subcutaneously injectable PD-L1 domain antibody medicine worldwide. On December 17, 2020, the NMPA
     accepted the BLA for Envafolimab in the treatment of advanced solid tumors with MSI-H/dMME, and included it
     into the list of priority review in January 2021.

     In August 2020, the Group signed the license agreement with G1 for the innovative drug Trilaciclib. Trilaciclib,
     product of the partner G1, was designated as a breakthrough therapy by the U.S. FDA, with an aim to improve
     prognosis of cancer patients treated with chemotherapy. In August 2020, G1 filed with the U.S. FDA the NDA
     for Trilaciclib, which has been approved by the U.S. FDA on February 12, 2021. This product is expected to be
     used in lowering the incidence rate of chemotherapy-induced myelosuppression in the extensive stage of adult
     SCLC patients. On November 13, 2020, the Group received the Notice for Acceptance of Clinical Trial Application
     (藥物臨床試驗申請受理通知書) issued by NMPA on the product, and it received the Clinical Trial Approval for
     chemotherapy-induced myelosuppression of SCLC patients as approved and issued by the NMPA on January 18,
     2021. Then on April 9, 2021, the Group received the Clinical Trial Approval as approved and issued by the NMPA,
     and was thereby permitted to carry out a phase III, randomized and double-blind clinical trial comparing Trilaciclib
     and placebo among mCRC patients being treated with FOLFOXIRI/Bevacizumab (貝伐珠單抗).

     OPERATING RESULTS AND PUBLISHED PROFIT FORECAST
     The Group’s profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2020 was approximately
     RMB670 million, being approximately 39.5% higher than the profit forecast as set out in the prospectus of the
     Company dated October 13, 2020 (the “Prospectus”), mainly due to the net unrealised gain from financial assets
     measured at fair value through profit or loss invested by the Group.

     LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
     For the year ended December 31, 2020, net cash inflow generated from operating activities of the Group
     amounted to approximately RMB97 million. Capital expenditure of the year amounted to approximately RMB353
     million, which was mainly used for the construction of plants and the purchase of equipments and motor vehicles
     for production, research and development as well as administrative activities. Cash flow from financing activities
     of the year mainly refers to the net proceeds from our listing amounting to approximately RMB3,003 million.

     The Group maintained a sound financial position. As at December 31, 2020, we had cash and cash equivalents of
     approximately RMB3,270 million (as at December 31, 2019: approximately RMB355 million), pledged deposits of
     approximately RMB917 million (as at December 31, 2019: RMB291 million). As at December 31, 2020, our pledged
     deposits were mainly used as guarantees of certain banking facilities granted to the Group. As at December 31,
     2020, the Group had a balance of bank loans of RMB3,068 million (as at December 31, 2019: RMB2,783 million), of
     which RMB1,793 million (as at December 31, 2019: RMB1,644 million) would mature within one year. The Group’s
     bank loans are mainly denominated in RMB, with some loans denominated in Euro and USD. For details of the
     maturity profile of bank loan, currency and interest rate structure, please refer to notes 25 and 36 of the Notes to
     the Financial Statements. As at December 31, 2020, the gearing ratio of the Group (total liability divided by total
     asset) was approximately 51.2% (as at December 31, 2019: approximately 78.1%).

     Currently, the Group follows a set of funding and treasury policies to manage its capital resources and prevent
     risks involved. The Group expects to fund its working capital and other capital requirements from a combination
     of various sources, including but not limited to internal financing and external financing at reasonable market
     rates. In order to better control and minimize the cost of funds, the Group’s treasury activities are centralized and
     all cash transactions are dealt with the banks with good reputation.

     Most assets and liabilities of the Group were denominated in RMB, USD and Euro. Currently, the Group does not
     employ any financial instruments or enter into any foreign exchange contracts to hedge against foreign exchange
     risk. However, by closely monitoring the net exposure of foreign exchange risk, the Group managed the foreign
     exchange risk, thus minimizing the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations.


12        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Management Discussion and Analysis

PLEDGE OF GROUP’S ASSETS
As at December 31, 2020, approximately RMB916 million bank deposit and approximately RMB172 million land
and buildings were secured as guarantees of certain banking credits granted to the Group.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at December 31, 2020, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD
During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Group did not have any significant investments.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS
As at December 31, 2020, the Group did not have any plans for material investments and capital assets.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
During the year ended December 31, 2020, we conducted several material acquisitions and disposals. For
details, please see “History, Reorganization and Corporate Structure – Reorganization – Onshore Reorganization
– Capital Increase in BCY Pharm”, “History, Reorganization and Corporate Structure – Post-Track Record Period
Acquisition”, “Note 15 – Interest in Associates” of “Appendix I – Accountants’ Report” and “Note 41 – Subsequent
Events” of “Appendix I – Accountants’ Report” to the Prospectus published by the Company.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As at December 31, 2020, the Group had a total of 6,512 full-time employees. We attached great importance to
the recruitment, training and retention of outstanding employees, maintaining a high standard in selecting and
recruiting talents worldwide, and offers competitive compensation packages. The remuneration of employees
mainly included basic salary, performance-based bonus and long-term incentives. Remuneration of the Directors
and senior management who worked full time for the Company shall be determined by the Remuneration and
Appraisal Committee under the Board with reference to the principal duties of relevant managerial positions,
the results of performance assessment as well as the remuneration level in the market. During the year ended
December 31, 2020, staff costs (including emoluments, social insurance and other benefits of the Directors)
amounted to approximately RMB1,158 million. We established Simcere Institute, providing employees with
training services on a regular basis, including orientation programs and technical training for new employees,
professional and management training for middle and senior management and health and safety training across
all staff. We also offered a large number of trainings on professional knowledge to the sales and marketing team.

PROSPECTS
In the post-pandemic era, pharmaceutical enterprises, being a key focus in China’s real economic development,
will increasingly highlight the pro-social characteristics and social values of the industry. The in-depth health-care
reform, accelerated registration and expansion of NRDL will continue to boost the prosperous development of
innovative pharmaceutical business and bring more clinically favourable products.

In such a strong environment of innovation, the Group insisted on the strategic direction of rapid transformation
towards innovation, fully utilising its own understanding of patient needs and quality innovation, to attract more
outstanding scientists and core talents to join us, and to increase the investment of innovation capital. All these
efforts aim at strengthening our core competitiveness in terms of strategy execution, establishment of innovative
pharmaceutical projects, clinical project advancement, collaborative development and commercialisation,
increasing the clinical value of our products, so that more effective pharmaceuticals can be delivered to patients
as soon as possible. On this basis, the Group will also make unremitting efforts to achieve steady growth. With an
ever-richer pipeline of innovative pharmaceuticals and ever-growing R&D and commercialisation capabilities, we
have the confidence and strength to enter a brand new phase of growth.


                                                        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020          13
     Directors’ Report

     The board (the “Board”) of directors (“Directors”, and each a “Director”) of the Company is pleased to submit
     this report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2020.

     GENERAL INFORMATION

     The Company was incorporated in Hong Kong on November 30, 2015. The shares of the Company were listed on
     the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on October 27, 2020 (the “Listing Date”).

     PRINCIPAL BUSINESS

     The Company is an investment holding company and the Group primarily engages in the R&D, production and
     commercialization of pharmaceuticals with the national key laboratory of translational medicine and innovative
     pharmaceuticals. The Group has a diversified product portfolio in its strategically focused therapeutic areas,
     including, (i) oncology, (ii) central nervous system diseases and (iii) autoimmune diseases, with leading positions
     in their respective therapeutic segments and/or established track record.

     Operating segment information of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020 is presented in Note 4
     to the consolidated financial statements, and a list of principal subsidiaries of the Company, together with the
     details of their places of incorporation and business, principal activities and issued and paid-in capital, is set out
     in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. There are no changes in the principal business of the Group
     during the year.

     RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

     The operating results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2020 and the financial positions of the Group
     and the Company as at the same date are set out on pages 68 to 71 of the consolidated financial statements and
     page 162 of the company-level statement of financial position.

     On March 25, 2021, the Board declared the payment of final dividend of RMB0.15 per Share for the year ended
     December 31, 2020 to shareholders whose names are on the register of members of the Company on Tuesday,
     July 6, 2021. The proposed final dividend will be subject to the approval at the annual general meeting of the
     Company (the “AGM”) to be held on Friday, June 25, 2021 and is expected to be distributed to shareholders on or
     before Friday, July 16, 2021.

     DIVIDEND POLICY

     For the details of the dividend policy of the Company, please refer to the “Corporate Governance Report –
     Dividend Policy” on page 50 of this annual report.




14        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report

BUSINESS REVIEW

A fair review of the business of the Group including an indication of likely future developments of the Group’s
business and an analysis of the Group’s performance using financial key performance indicators during the year
ended December 31, 2020 are provided in the sections headed “Company Overview”, “Chairman’s statement”
and “Management discussion and analysis” on pages 4, 7 and 8 of this annual report, which form part of this
report.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY

According to the audited consolidated financial statements, a summary of results, assets and liabilities of the
Group for the past four fiscal years is presented on page 164 of this Annual Report. This summary does not form
part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of changes in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in Note 12 to the
consolidated financial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL

The Company had 2,608,641,618 ordinary shares in issue as at December 31, 2020. Details of the movements in
the share capital the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020 are set out in Note 33 to the consolidated
financial statements.




                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020       15
     Directors’ Report

     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING

     The net proceeds from the initial public offering of the shares of the Company in October 2020 and allotment and
     issuance of shares pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option in November 2020 amounted
     in aggregate to approximately HK$3,513 million. The proposed use of the net proceeds was disclosed in the
     Company’s Prospectus. As at December 31, 2020, the net proceeds utilized was approximately HK$443 million
     and the remaining net proceeds was approximately HK$3,070 million. As at December 31, 2020, the net proceeds
     utilized by the Group were as follows:

                                                                       Net amount of
                                                                         raised funds     Net amount of
                                                                      unutilized from      raised funds
                                                        Net amount        Listing Date     utilized as at
                                                           of raised to December 31,      December 31,
                                      Percentage of funds received                2020              2020    Expected timeline
     Purpose                        the total amount (HK$ in million) (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million)   for utilization

     Continued research                         60%          2,107.85         2,088.05             19.80    The actual net
       and development of                                                                                     proceeds are
       our selected product                                                                                   expected to be
       candidates in our                                                                                      fully utilized by
       strategically focused                                                                                  2027.
       therapeutic areas

     Reinforcement of our sales                 10%            351.31           334.49             16.82    The actual net
       and marketing capabilities                                                                             proceeds are
                                                                                                              expected to be
                                                                                                              fully utilized by
                                                                                                              2022.

     Investment in companies                    10%            351.31           351.31                 –    The actual net
       in the pharmaceutical or                                                                               proceeds are
       biotechnology sector                                                                                   expected to be
                                                                                                              fully utilized by
                                                                                                              2023.

     Repayment of certain of our                10%            351.31               –             351.31    The actual net
       outstanding bank loans                                                                                 proceeds have
                                                                                                              been fully utilized
                                                                                                              in 2020.

     Working capital and other                  10%            351.31           295.81             55.50    The actual net
      general corporate                                                                                       proceeds are
      purposes                                                                                                expected to be
                                                                                                              fully utilized by
                                                                                                              2022.

     Total                                    100%          3,513.09         3,069.66            443.43

     For more details, please refer to the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds – Use of Proceeds” of the
     Prospectus. On April 15, 2021, the Board reallocated the unutilized net proceeds from the initial public offering of
     HK$325.62 million, details of which were disclosed in the Company’s announcement of change in use of proceeds
     dated April 15, 2021. Saved as disclosed therein, the Company intends to apply the unutilised net proceeds as at
     December 31, 2020 in the manner and proportion set out in the Prospectus.




16           Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
securities during the period from Listing Date and up to December 31, 2020.

DEBENTURE ISSUED

The Group did not issue any debenture during the year ended December 31, 2020.

RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and Note 33 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.

RESERVES AVAILABLE FOR DISTRIBUTION

For details of the reserves available for distribution to the shareholders by the Company as at December 31, 2020,
please refer to Note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The Company’s customers primarily consist of (i) our distributors and pharmacy chains which directly purchase
pharmaceutical products from us; and (ii) other pharmaceutical manufacturers to which we provide promotion
services. The Company’s suppliers primarily include (i) suppliers for the raw materials of our pharmaceutical
products; and (ii) manufacturers of third-party pharmaceutical products.

For the year ended December 31, 2020, revenue from the five largest customers of the Group accounted for
10.1% of its total revenues and the largest customer of the Group accounted for 2.4% of its total revenues. For
the year ended December 31, 2020, purchase amount from the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for
36.7% of its total purchase costs and the largest supplier of the Group accounted for 21.1% of its total purchase
costs.

At no time during the year ended December 31, 2020 have the Directors, their respective close associates or any
shareholder of the Company (who, to the knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the issued capital of
the Company), has any interest in any of the Group’s top five customers and suppliers.

KEY RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS

Human resources are one of the most important assets of the Group. The Group strives to motivate its employees
by providing them with a clear career path as well as comprehensive and professional training courses. In
addition, the Group also offers competitive remuneration packages to its employees, including basic salary,
certain benefits and other performance based incentives.

The Group purchases imported pharmaceutical products from overseas suppliers directly and generate revenue
by on-selling them to hospitals and pharmacies through distributors. Our suppliers have granted us the rights to
market, promote and manage sales channels for their products in China. The Group maintains a stable and long-
term relationship with its suppliers by providing them access to the growing Chinese market with steady sales
growth.

The Group sells pharmaceutical products to distributors, who on-sell the products to hospitals and pharmacies
either directly or indirectly through their sub-distributors. The Group maintains stable and long-term relationship
with its distributors by providing them guidance and training.



                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020        17
     Directors’ Report

     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     The Group recognizes the importance of proper adoption of environmental policies which is essential to
     the attainability of corporate growth. The Strategy Committee of the Company is responsible for (i) making
     suggestions for the development of the Company’s environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) objectives and
     monitoring the progress of their implementation, and (ii) reviewing the development trends of the ESG industry as
     well as evaluating and making suggestions for major ESG-related decisions, ensuring that the Company complies
     with relevant legal and regulatory requirements and promoting implementation of relevant policies by various
     departments of the Company. Details of the relevant environmental policies and performance will be disclosed in
     the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” of the Company which will be announced separately.

     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

     Save as disclosed in “Directors’ Report – Continuing Connected Transactions – Non-exempt Continuing
     Connected Transactions – Risks Relating to the Contractual Arrangements” and Note 36 to the consolidated
     financial statements in this annual report, summarized below are principal risks and uncertainties identified
     and faced by the Group which may have a material and adverse impact on the Group’s business performance,
     financial condition, results of operations or prospects. There may be other principal risks and uncertainties in
     addition to those set out below which are not known to the Group or which may not be material now but could
     turn out to be material in the future.

     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Industry

     –   We operate in a highly competitive environment, and we may not be able to compete effectively against
         current and future competitors.

     –   Science and technology, clinical demand and market condition in the pharmaceutical industry may change
         rapidly, and we may not be able to sufficiently and promptly respond to such changes.

     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Our Products and Product Candidates

     –   We may not be able to maintain the sales volumes, pricing levels and profit margins of our major products
         due to various factors.

     –   Our products may be excluded or removed from national, provincial or other government-sponsored medical
         insurance programs, or be included in national or provincial negative catalogs, any of which could result in
         decrease of demand for our relevant products.

     –   We may fail in tender processes to sell our products to PRC public hospitals and other medical institutions
         and therefore lose market share.

     –   We or our products may not be able to achieve or maintain widespread acceptance and positive reputation
         among government authorities, business partners, healthcare practitioners and patients.

     –   The prices of certain of our products are subject to pricing regulation, competition and other factors and
         therefore may decrease.

     –   Our products may not be produced to the necessary and consistent quality standards. Our products may
         also cause or be perceived to cause severe side effects, and we may face negative consequences as a
         result.



18       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report

–   We may be subject to product liability claims in connection with products sold and/or promoted by us as
    well as product candidates used by us in clinical trials. We may fail to successfully defend ourselves against
    such claims.

–   Development of product candidates, in particular innovative drug candidates, is time-consuming and costly,
    and the outcome is uncertain. We may fail to achieve research and development milestones as planned
    and/or disclosed, address regulatory concerns effectively, obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner,
    conduct commercialization successfully, or achieve market acceptance as anticipated, for our product
    candidates.

Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Third-party Products

–   We have limited control over the quality of the products manufactured by third-party pharmaceutical
    companies and sold and/or promoted by us. Such third-party products may be found defective or otherwise
    not produced to the necessary and consistent quality standards.

Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Our Operations

–   We rely on third parties to monitor, support and/or conduct pre-clinical studies and clinical trials of our
    product candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual obligations or meet
    expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals for or commercialize our product
    candidates in a timely manner or at all.

–   We may face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaboration partners, invest time and effort
    in negotiating collaboration details, obtain additional expertise and capital, incur non-recurring and
    other charges, or increase near and long-term expenditures, in connection with our existing and future
    collaboration arrangements for the development and commercialization of our product candidates. We may
    not be able to realize benefits from such arrangements.

–   We depend on the supply of certain raw materials and pharmaceutical products, and we may encounter
    decrease, shortage or delay in the supply of, or increase in the price of, such raw materials and
    pharmaceutical products.

–   If our production facilities encounter substantial disruption or other problems in manufacturing our products,
    our production capacity could be materially and adversely affected, and we may not be able to fulfill
    contractual obligations or meet market demand for our products in a timely manner or at all. If we fail to
    increase production capacity, we may not be able to capture the potential growth in market demand for our
    products, or to commercialize our product candidates.

–   We may fail to maintain optimal inventory levels, which could increase our operating costs or lead to
    unfulfilled customer orders.

–   We may fail to sell and/or promote our products and third-party products effectively due to various factors,
    including, among other things, inadequate promotion, sales and marketing activities, failure to attract, train
    and retain a sufficient number of qualified promotion, sales and marketing personnel, and failure to maintain,
    expand and optimize an effective distribution network.

–   Our employees, distributors or third-party promoters may engage in misconduct or other improper
    activities, as a result of which, we may be exposed to regulatory investigations, penalties or other negative
    consequences.

–   We may not be able to successfully complete any future acquisitions or enhance post-acquisition
    performance.


                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020        19
     Directors’ Report

     –   Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property, or if the scope of our intellectual property fails to
         sufficiently protect our proprietary rights, other pharmaceutical companies could compete against us more
         directly. Occurrence of counterfeits of our products may also expose us to reduced sales volume of our
         relevant products, negative publicity, reputational damages, fines and penalties, and even litigations.

     –   If we become a party to litigations, legal disputes, claims or administrative proceedings, which could be time-
         consuming and costly, and such involvement may divert our management’s attention and result in costs and
         liabilities and damage our reputation.

     –   Our insurance coverage is limited. If we experience uninsured losses, it could adversely affect our financial
         conditions and results of operations.

     –   If our internal risk management and control system is not adequate or effective, and if it fails to detect
         potential risks in our business as intended, our business, financial conditions and results of operations could
         be materially and adversely affected.

     –   We may lose the services of one or more of our senior management team and other key personnel, and we
         may not be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements in a timely manner or at all.

     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Our Financial Condition

     –   If we experience delays in collecting payments from distributors, our cash flows and operations could be
         adversely affected.

     –   If we do not have access to sufficient funding for the implementation of our strategies and other aspects of
         our business, our business prospects could be adversely affected.

     –   Preferential tax treatment and financial subsidies we have enjoyed may change or discontinue.

     –   The fair value measurement of certain of our assets is subject to significant risks and uncertainties and the
         fair value change of such assets may materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

     –   Any significant decrease in our profitability in the future could materially and adversely affect our ability to
         recover our deferred tax assets.

     –   We have recognized large amount of goodwill and have intangible assets other than goodwill. Any
         impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of
         operations.

     –   We are subject to liquidity risk in our interests in associates and a joint venture and if our associates and
         joint venture do not perform as expected or do not generate sufficient revenue in any financial period, our
         financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.




20       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report

Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Regulatory Compliance

–   We are subject to changing legal and regulatory requirements in the PRC. Promulgation of new laws, rules
    and regulations, or changes in the interpretation or implementation of existing laws, rules and regulations,
    may materially and adversely affect our business and profitability, or impose additional compliance burdens
    on us.

–   Our overseas investments may be subject to laws, rules, regulations and policies, as well as changes thereof,
    in the PRC and the corresponding jurisdictions.

–   We or our business partners may fail to successfully obtain, maintain or renew the necessary permits,
    licenses or certificates for the development, production, promotion, sales or distribution of our products.

Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Doing Business in the PRC

–   Economic, political and social conditions and government policies in the PRC, as well as the global economy,
    may continue to affect our business.

–   Our operations are subject to the uncertainties and particularities associated with the legal system in the
    PRC.

–   Anti-monopoly claims or regulatory actions against us may expose us to penalties, business constraints and
    reputational damages.

–   The PRC government’s control of foreign currency conversion and restrictions on the remittance of RMB
    out of the PRC may limit our foreign exchange transactions and our ability to pay dividends and meet other
    obligations.

–   We rely on dividends paid by our subsidiaries for our cash needs, and limitations under the PRC laws on the
    ability of our PRC subsidiaries to distribute dividends to us could materially and adversely affect our ability to
    utilize such funds.

–   Investors may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process and seeking recognition and
    enforcement of foreign judgments in the PRC.

Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to COVID-19 Epidemic

–   Any prolonged spread or new occurrence of COVID-19 epidemic in the PRC or elsewhere in the world could
    materially and adversely affect our business performance, financial condition and results of operations.

The Company believes that risk management is essential to the Group’s effective and efficient operations, reliable
financial reporting and regulatory compliance. Senior management team of the Company assists the Board in
evaluating material risk exposure of the Group, participates in formulation of appropriate risk management and
internal control measures, and ensures such measures are properly implemented in the Group’s daily operations.
However, investors are still advised to make their own judgment or consult their own investment advisers before
making any investment in the Shares.




                                                        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020          21
     Directors’ Report

     COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     During the year of 2020, there was no incidence of significant non-compliance of relevant laws and regulations
     related to the Group’s operations that had a significant impact on the Group’s business and operations.

     BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

     Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as of December 31, 2020 are set out in the section
     headed “Management discussion and analysis – Liquidity and Financial Resources” in this annual report and Note
     25 to the consolidated financial statements.

     DONATIONS

     During the year under review, the Group made charitable and other donations in an aggregate amount of
     approximately RMB24 million.

     IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     On April 15, 2021, the Company disposed 100% of total issued share capital of Simgene Group Limited, a wholly-
     owned subsidiary of the Company. Simgene Group Limited indirectly held 100% of equity interest of Shanghai
     Xianjing, which in turn controlled Shanghai Xianbo through Contractual Arrangements during the reporting
     period. Upon the closing of the disposal, Simgene Group Limited will cease to be a subsidiary of the Company
     and the financial statements of Shanghai Xianbo will cease to be consolidated with the financial statements of
     the Company. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated April 15, 2021 with regard to
     connected transaction in relation to disposal of subsidiaries.

     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

     Saved for the pre-IPO share incentive scheme adopted by Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited, a controlling
     shareholder of the Company, as set out in Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements, no equity-linked
     agreements were entered into by the Company, or subsisted during the year ended December 31, 2020.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

     Pursuant to Article 166 of the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of Association”), subject
     to the provisions of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “Companies
     Ordinance”), every Director, company secretary or other senior management member of the Company shall
     be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all costs, charges, expenses, losses and
     liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of his office or otherwise in relation thereto.
     Such permitted indemnity provision is currently in force and was in force throughout the year ended December
     31, 2020.

     The Company has purchased Directors, company secretary and senior management’s liabilities insurance on
     behalf of its Directors, joint company secretaries and senior management.




22        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report

DIRECTORS

The directors of the Company and its subsidiaries during the year and as at the date of this report were as
follows:


Directors of the Company:                                   Directors of subsidiaries:


Executive Directors:                                        CHEN Yanqiong                         QIAN Haibo
Mr. REN Jinsheng                                            CHEN Yunfei                           REN Jinsheng
  (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)                    CHENG Xianghua(3)                     SHI Ruiwen(3)
Mr. ZHANG Cheng(1)                                          CHU Xuexi                             TANG Renhong(3)
Mr. WAN Yushan                                              CONG Yuehua                           WAN Yushan
Mr. TANG Renhong
                                                            FENG Heng(3)                          WANG Feng (王峰)(3)
Non-executive Directors:                                    FENG Honggang(4)                      WANG Feng (汪峰)(4)
Mr. ZHAO John Huan                                          FU Huaping(4)                         WANG Honglin
Mr. ZHANG Yi(2)
                                                            MU Hua(4)                             WANG Pin(3)
Independent non-executive Directors:                        Jorma Pylkkänen(4)                    WEN Bin(4)
Mr. SONG Ruilin                                             Kyu Don Kim                           XU Jianjian
Mr. WANG Jianguo                                            LI Zhengtao                           XU Xiangbin(4)
Mr. WANG Xinhua                                             LU Jianxue(3)                         XU Yuxi
                                                            MA Yan(3)                             YIN Xiaojin(4)
                                                            Matthew Kraman(4)                     ZHANG Rong
                                                            PENG Shaoping(3)                      ZHOU Jindong(4)

Note:


(1)     Mr. ZHANG Cheng resigned as an executive Director and the chief operating officer of the Company with effect from March 31,
        2021.

(2)     Mr. ZHANG Yi resigned as a non-executive Director with effect from June 1, 2020.


(3)     Appointed as the director of the subsidiaries during the year ended December 31, 2020 and up to March 25, 2021.


(4)     No longer as the director of the subsidiaries during the year ended December 31, 2020 and up to March 25, 2021.




                                                                  Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020             23
     Directors’ Report

     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENTS

     Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are set out on pages 54 to 60 of
     this Annual Report.

     Except as noted in the biographies, none of the Directors have held any other directorships in any listed public
     companies in the last three years. Further, except as disclosed in the biographies, none of the Directors is
     connected with any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the
     Company and, except as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short
     Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures” in this report, none of them has any interests in the
     shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, there are no other matters relating to the re-election of Directors at the
     forthcoming AGM that need to be brought to the attention of the Shareholders of the Company nor is there any
     information to be disclosed pursuant to any of the requirements of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, there are no other changes to the Directors’ information as required to be
     disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT

     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company, while each of the non-
     executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has signed a letter of appointment with the
     Company for an initial term of three years.

     The above appointments are always subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under the
     Articles of Association.

     None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with members of
     the Group that is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other than
     statutory compensation.

     INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of his/
     her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all of the independent
     non-executive Directors are independent in accordance with the guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.

     DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN MATERIAL
     TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS AS WELL AS COMPETING
     BUSINESS

     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” to the Prospectus, sections headed “Related
     Party Transactions” and “Continuing Connected Transactions” and Note 35, headed “Material Related Party
     Transactions”, to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report, no transaction, arrangement or
     contracts of significance (as defined in Appendix 16 of the Listing Rules) related to the business of the Company
     to which the Company, its holding companies or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director, an
     entity connected with a Director or a controlling shareholder of the Company has or had a material interest,
     whether directly or indirectly, subsisted for the year ended December 31, 2020.

     None of the Directors or their respective associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) has any interest in a
     business which competes or is likely to compete with our Group’s business under Rules 8.10(2)(b) and 8.10(2)(c)
     of the Listing Rules.


24        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the year, were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures
of the Company granted to any Directors or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such rights
exercised by them; nor was the Company, any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement
to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other corporations.

DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

The controlling shareholders of the Company have respectively acknowledged to the Company that they have
honored the non-competition undertaking made to the Company under the deed of non-competition entered
into on October 8, 2020 (“Deed of Non-competition”). The independent non-executive Directors have
reviewed such compliance and confirmed that the above-mentioned parties had kept and duly performed all the
undertakings under the Deed of Non-competition since the Listing Date and up to December 31, 2020.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business
of the Company, as required to be disclosed under section 543 of the Companies Ordinance, was entered into or
existed during the year ended December 31, 2020.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of related party transactions are set out in Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements. Saved as
disclosed in Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements, pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, none
of such related party transactions constitutes a connected transaction or continuing connected transaction (as
the case may be).

CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Group has entered into the following continuing connected
transactions:

(1) Partially-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions
    As disclosed in the Prospectus, the following transactions constituted partially-exempt continuing
    connected transactions of the Company. For further details, please refer to the section headed “Connected
    Transactions – Partially-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions” of the Prospectus.

    The Group has followed the pricing policies set forth in section headed “Connected Transactions – Partially-
    Exempt Continuing Connected Transactions” of the Prospectus as well as the guidelines under the Listing
    Rules in determining the prices and terms of the connected transactions conducted during the reporting
    period.

    Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement
    On October 8, 2020, the Company and Nanjing BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd (“Nanjing
    BioSciKin Technology”), for themselves and on behalf of their respective subsidiaries, entered into
    a property lease and comprehensive services framework agreement (the “Property Lease and
    Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Nanjing BioSciKin Technology
    agreed to (i) lease certain properties owned by it or its subsidiaries located at No. 699-18, Xuanwu Avenue,
    Xuanwu District, Nanjing, the PRC (the “BioSciKin Innovation Park”) to the Group for office, laboratory
    and staff dormitory use and provide related property management services; and (ii) provide the Group with
    certain general supporting services within the BioSciKin Innovation Park, which include, among others,
    utilities and network support, conference supporting services, staff canteen services, accommodation
    services and other logistics services.
                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020        25
     Directors’ Report

       The Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement is for an initial term commencing
       on the Listing Date and expiring on December 31, 2022 and is renewable for a term of three years upon
       mutual consent and subject to the requirements under the Listing Rules and other applicable laws and
       regulations.

       Nanjing BioSciKin Technology is a subsidiary of State Good Group Limited which is in turn wholly owned
       by Mr. REN Jinsheng (“Mr. REN”) through Excel Good Group Limited, and hence an associate of Mr. Ren
       Jinsheng and a connected person of the Company.

       The annual cap for the (i) rents and property management services fees and (ii) general supporting fees
       payable under the Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement for the year ended
       December 31, 2020 is RMB55 million, while the actual transaction amount of the year ended December 31,
       2020 was approximately RMB51 million.

       Simcare Sales and Distribution Framework Agreement
       On October 8, 2020, the Company and Simcare Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Simcare Jiangsu”), for
       themselves and on behalf of their respective subsidiaries, entered into a sales and distribution framework
       agreement (the “Simcare Sales and Distribution Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Simcare
       Jiangsu agreed to purchase certain pharmaceuticals provided by us for retail sales and further distribution.

       The Simcare Sales and Distribution Framework Agreement is for an initial term commencing on the Listing
       Date and expiring on December 31, 2022 and is renewable for a term of three years upon mutual consent
       and subject to the requirements under the Listing Rules and other applicable laws and regulations.

       During the reporting period, Simcare Jiangsu was a company held as to (i) 78.4% by Nanjing Huasheng Yikang
       Technology Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Huasheng”), a company ultimately wholly owned by Mr. Ren Jinsheng, and
       (ii) 19.6% by Nanjing Xianyi Venture Capital Center (Limited Partnership), the general partner and the limited
       partner of which are Nanjing Huasheng (subsequently changed into BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding
       Group Co., Ltd. on November 30, 2020) and Mr. Ren Weidong, respectively, and hence a then associate
       of Mr. Ren Jinsheng, and therefore a then connected person of the Company. On April 9, 2021, Mr. Ren
       Jinsheng or Mr. Ren Weidong was no longer interested in any equity interest of Simcare Jiangsu, and hence
       Simcere Jiangsu has ceased to be a connected person of the Company.

       The annual cap for the transactions under the Simcare Sales and Distribution Framework Agreement for
       the year ended December 31, 2020 is RMB20 million, while the actual transaction amount of the year ended
       December 31, 2020 was approximately RMB18 million.

       Sanroad Promotion Services Framework Agreement
       On October 8, 2020, Jiangsu Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Simcere”) and Beijing Sanroad
       Biological Products Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Sanroad”) entered into a promotion services framework agreement
       (the “Sanroad Promotion Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Jiangsu Simcere
       agreed to (i) provide promotion services to Beijing Sanroad within the designated geographic areas in the
       PRC with respect to TB-PPD (purified protein derivative of tuberculin), and (ii) assist Beijing Sanroad in
       launching TB-PPD to the target market.

       The Sanroad Promotion Services Framework Agreement is for an initial term commencing on the Listing
       Date and expiring on December 31, 2022 and is renewable for a term of three years upon mutual consent
       and subject to the requirements under the Listing Rules and other applicable laws and regulations.

       Beijing Sanroad is a subsidiary of Nanjing BioSciKin Technology, an associate of Mr. Ren Jinsheng, and
       therefore a connected person of the Company.


26     Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report

  The annual cap for the transactions under the Sanroad Promotion Services Framework Agreement for the
  year ended December 31, 2020 is RMB68 million, while the actual transaction amount of the year ended
  December 31, 2020 was approximately RMB47 million.

  In respect of the continuing connected transactions, the Company confirms that it has followed the
  policies and guidelines as set out in the guidance letter HKEX-GL73-14 issued by the Stock Exchange when
  determining the price and terms of the transactions conducted during the year ended December 31, 2020.

  Save as disclosed above, none of the other related party transactions set out in the note 35 of the financial
  statements constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions that are required to be
  disclosed under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

  Confirmation from Independent Non-executive Directors
  The independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the continuing connected
  transactions outlined above, and confirmed that such continuing connected transactions had been entered
  into:

  (i)    in the ordinary and usual course of business of our Group;

  (ii)   on normal commercial terms or better; and

  (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that were fair and reasonable
        and in the interests of our Group and our Shareholders as a whole.

  Confirmations from the Company’s Independent Auditor
  The Auditor has performed the relevant procedures regarding the Continuing Connected Transactions in
  accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements
  Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740
  “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by
  Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing
  findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group in the
  paragraph above in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the Auditor’s letter has been
  provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.

  The Auditor has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with respect to the aforesaid continuing connected
  transactions entered into in the year ended December 31, 2020:

  (i)    nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed
         continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;

  (ii)   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to
         the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
         transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;

  (iii) nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed
        continuing connected transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with
        the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

  (iv) with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the disclosed continuing connected transactions,
       nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed
       continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual caps as set by the Company.


                                                     Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020      27
     Directors’ Report

          Save as disclosed in this annual report, during the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had no
          connected transactions or continuing connected transactions which are required to be disclosed under the
          Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
          Rules with respect to the continuing connected transactions entered into by the Group during the year
          ended December 31, 2020.

     (2) Non-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions
         Contractual Arrangements
         As disclosed in “Contractual Arrangements” section in the Prospectus, due to regulatory restrictions on
         foreign ownership in Relevant Businesses in the PRC, the Company, as foreign investors, are prohibited from
         holding equity interest in its Consolidated Affiliated Entity, namely Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology
         Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Xianbo”). As a result, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Shanghai
         Xianjing Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Xianjing”), entered into the Contractual Arrangements
         with Shanghai Xianbo and the Registered Shareholders, namely Mr. Ren Jinsheng and Mr. Zhu Zhenfei
         (朱振飛), which enable the Group to, among others, (i) receive substantially all of the economic benefits
         from its Consolidated Affiliated Entity in consideration for the services provided by Shanghai Xianjing to its
         Consolidated Affiliated Entity; (ii) exercise effective control over its Consolidated Affiliated Entity; and (iii)
         hold an exclusive option to acquire all or part of the equity interest in and/or the assets of the Consolidated
         Affiliated Entity when and to the extent permitted by the PRC laws and regulations.

          The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from the Shanghai Xianbo to the
          Group stipulated under the Contractual Arrangements:



                               The Company




                            Shanghai Xianjing                                                           Registered Shareholders



          Consulting services                Consulting services fees                                                 100%


                                                                 Shanghai Xianbo



          Notes:

          “   ” denotes directly or indirectly legal and beneficial ownership in the equity interest.

          “   ” denotes contractual relationship through the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement.

          “   ” denotes the control by Shanghai Xianjing over Shanghai Xianbo through (i) powers of attorney to exercise all shareholders’
                rights in Shanghai Xianbo; (ii) exclusive options to acquire all or part of the equity interest and/or assets in Shanghai
                Xianbo; and (iii) equity pledges over the equity interest in Shanghai Xianbo.


          A brief description of the specific agreements that comprise the Contractual Arrangements entered into by
          each of Shanghai Xianjing, Shanghai Xianbo and relevant Registered Shareholders is set out as follows:



28        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report

  Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement
  Shanghai Xianbo and Shanghai Xianjing entered into the exclusive business cooperation agreement on
  April 30, 2020 (the “Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement”), pursuant to which Shanghai Xianbo
  agreed to engage Shanghai Xianjing as its exclusive provider of technical support, consultation, and other
  services, including (1) management consultation, (2) technical consultation, (3) technical service, (4) network
  support, (5) business support, (6) human resource support, (7) license and authorization of the use of
  intellectual properties, (8) rental of equipment and office properties, (9) market consultation, (10) research
  and development of products, (11) management consultant service in relation to the business operation of
  the Shanghai Xianbo and (12) other relevant services requested by Shanghai Xianbo from time to time to the
  extent permitted under PRC laws.

  Pursuant to the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, the service fee is equivalent to the total
  consolidated net profit of Shanghai Xianbo, after offsetting the prior-year loss (if any), operating costs,
  expenses, taxes and other statutory contributions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Shanghai Xianjing
  is entitled to adjust the level of the service fee at its sole discretion taking into account certain factors,
  including, among other things, difficulty and complication of such services, time commitment to such
  services, actual service scope and business value and the market price of the same or similar services.
  Shanghai Xianbo has agreed to pay the service fees to the bank account designated by Shanghai Xianjing
  within five business days after Shanghai Xianjing issues the payment notice. In addition, pursuant to the
  Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, as to the services provided by the third parties to Shanghai
  Xianbo identical or similar to the contemplated services before the date of the Exclusive Business
  Cooperation Agreement, Shanghai Xianbo shall immediately terminate the relevant agreements except
  for the prior written consent given by Shanghai Xianjing and assume any charges or liabilities due to such
  termination.

  Entrustment Agreement and Powers of Attorney
  Each of Shanghai Xianbo, the Registered Shareholders and Shanghai Xianjing entered into the shareholder’s
  rights entrustment agreements (the “Entrustment Agreement”) on April 30, 2020, pursuant to which, each
  Registered Shareholder, through the power of attorney (“Power of Attorney”), irrevocably and exclusively
  grant Shanghai Xianjing or its designee(s) (being the Directors of the Company and their successors and
  liquidators replacing such Directors but excluding those non-independent or who may give rise to the
  conflict of interests) the power to exercise all rights of the Registered Shareholders as set out in the then-
  valid articles of association of Shanghai Xianbo and relevant laws and regulations.

  The Entrustment Agreement has an indefinite term and will be terminated in the event that (i) the
  Entrustment Agreement is unilaterally terminated by Shanghai Xianjing; or (ii) it is legally permissible for
  Shanghai Xianjing or its offshore holding companies to hold equity interest directly or indirectly in Shanghai
  Xianbo and Shanghai Xianjing or its designee(s) is registered to be the shareholder of Shanghai Xianbo.

  Exclusive Option Agreement
  Shanghai Xianjing, Shanghai Xianbo and the Registered Shareholders entered into the exclusive option
  agreement (the “Exclusive Option Agreement”) on April 30, 2020, pursuant to which the Registered
  Shareholders jointly and severally granted Shanghai Xianjing the irrevocable and exclusive rights (the
  “Exclusive Option Rights”), provided that it is permitted under the PRC laws and regulations, to acquire
  the equity interest of Shanghai Xianbo from the Registered Shareholders or to acquire the assets of Shanghai
  Xianbo by Shanghai Xianjing or its designee(s), in whole or in part at any time and from time to time, for free
  or at a nominal price or the lowest price legally permissible under the PRC laws and regulations. Upon the
  equity interest or assets being duly transferred to Shanghai Xianjing or its designee(s) and after deducting
  necessary tax expenses, Shanghai Xianjing or its designee(s) shall pay the consideration within seven days to
  the designated bank accounts of the Registered Shareholders or Shanghai Xianbo. Shanghai Xianbo and the
  Registered Shareholders have also undertaken that, subject to the relevant PRC laws and regulations, they
  will return to Shanghai Xianjing or its designee(s) any consideration they received within seven days in the
  event that Shanghai Xianjing exercises the Exclusive Option Rights to acquire the equity interest and/or assets
  in Shanghai Xianbo. If such return is not permissible under the PRC laws, the returned consideration shall be
  escrowed by Shanghai Xianjing and the Registered Shareholders and Shanghai Xianbo shall execute all escrow
  agreements or other documents in favor of Shanghai Xianjing.

                                                    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020         29
     Directors’ Report

       The Registered Shareholders and Shanghai Xianbo shall procure the subsidiaries of Shanghai Xianbo
       subsequently established, acquired or actually controlled by them to comply with the undertakings as if
       they were parties to the Exclusive Option Agreement. The Exclusive Option Agreement is for an indefinite
       term of commencing on the date of the agreement, until it is terminated (1) by Shanghai Xianjing through
       giving Shanghai Xianbo and the Registered Shareholders a prior written notice of termination; or (2) upon
       the transfer of the entire equity interest held by the Registered Shareholders and/or the transfer of all the
       assets of Shanghai Xianbo to Shanghai Xianjing or its designated person. Neither Shanghai Xianbo nor the
       Registered Shareholders is contractually entitled to terminate the Exclusive Option Agreement with Shanghai
       Xianjing.

       Equity Pledge Agreement
       Shanghai Xianjing, Shanghai Xianbo and the Registered Shareholders entered into the equity pledge
       agreement (the “Equity Pledge Agreement”) on April 30, 2020, pursuant to which each of the Registered
       Shareholders agreed to pledge all of their respective equity interest in Shanghai Xianbo to Shanghai Xianjing as
       a security interest to guarantee the performance of contractual obligations and the payment of outstanding
       debts under the Contractual Arrangements.

       Under the Equity Pledge Agreement, the Registered Shareholders confirm and agree that, in the event
       of bankruptcy, reorganization, merger, or any change in the equity interest of Shanghai Xianbo, the
       Registered Shareholders will procure any successors of the Registered Shareholders to comply with the
       same undertakings as if they were parties to the Equity Pledge Agreement. If Shanghai Xianbo declares any
       dividend during the term of the pledge, Shanghai Xianjing is entitled to receive all such dividends, bonus
       or other income for free arising from the pledged equity interest, if any. In addition, pursuant to the Equity
       Pledge Agreement, each of the Registered Shareholders has undertaken to Shanghai Xianjing, among other
       things, not to transfer the interest in his equity interest in Shanghai Xianbo without the prior written consent
       of Shanghai Xianjing.

       The equity pledge takes effect upon the completion of registration with the relevant administration for
       industry and commerce and shall remain valid until (1) each of the Registered Shareholders has transferred
       all his equity interest and assets of Shanghai Xianbo in accordance with the Exclusive Option Agreement; (2)
       the Equity Pledge Agreement has been unilaterally terminated by Shanghai Xianjing; or (3) the performance
       of the Equity Pledge Agreement will violate applicable laws and regulations and Listing Rules of the Stock
       Exchange. The registration of the Equity Pledge Agreement as required by the relevant laws and regulations
       has been completed in accordance with the terms of the Equity Pledge Agreement and the PRC laws and
       regulations.

       Reasons for Adopting the Contractual Arrangements
       Foreign investment activities in the PRC now are mainly governed by the Encouraging List 2019 and
       the Negative List 2020 (the “Relevant PRC Regulations”), promulgated jointly by the MOFCOM and
       the NDRC, pursuant to which the industries listed therein are divided into three categories in terms of
       foreign investment, namely, “encouraged,” “permitted,” and “prohibited.” According to the Relevant PRC
       Regulations, foreign investment is prohibited in the development and application of gene diagnostic and
       therapeutic technologies.

       The Group engages in the R&D of CAR T-cell therapy and TCR T-cell therapy (the “Relevant Businesses”),
       which involve the development and application of gene diagnostic and therapeutic technologies, and
       therefore fall into the scope of the “prohibited” category. The Relevant Businesses are carried out by
       Shanghai Xianbo, and thus, the Company cannot directly or indirectly hold any equity interest in Shanghai
       Xianbo.

       In order to comply with the PRC laws and regulations and maintain effective control over the Relevant
       Businesses, the Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Shanghai Xianjing, entered into the Contractual
       Arrangements with Shanghai Xianbo, its Consolidated Affiliated Entity, and its Registered Shareholders
       (as defined below), pursuant to which Shanghai Xianjing acquired effective control over the financial and
       operational policies of Shanghai Xianbo and has become entitled to all the economic benefits derived from
       its operations. In light of the foregoing reasons, the Company believe that the Contractual Arrangements are
       narrowly tailored as they are used to enable the Group to conduct businesses in the field that are subject to
       foreign investment restrictions in the PRC.

30     Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report

  The Directors are of the view that the Contractual Arrangements and the transactions contemplated therein
  have been and will be entered into in the ordinary and usual course of the Company’s business on normal
  commercial terms or better that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Company and the
  Shareholders as a whole. The Group will unwind and terminate the Contractual Arrangements wholly or
  partially once Relevant Businesses are no longer prohibited or restricted from foreign investment.

  Risks Relating to the Contractual Arrangements
  The Company believes the following risks are associated with the Contractual Arrangements:

  •   If the PRC government deems that the Contractual Arrangements do not comply with PRC regulatory
      restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the interpretation
      of existing regulations change in the future, the Group could be subject to severe penalties or be forced
      to relinquish its interests received through the Contractual Arrangements;

  •   The Contractual Arrangements may result in adverse tax consequences to the Group;

  •   The shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entity may have potential conflicts of interest with the
      Group, which may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business and financial condition;

  •   The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct
      ownership. The Consolidated Affiliated Entity and its shareholders may fail to perform their obligations
      under the Contractual Arrangements;

  •   The Group may lose control over the Consolidated Affiliated Entity and may not enjoy its full economic
      benefits if the Consolidated Affiliated Entity declares bankruptcy or become subject to a dissolution or
      liquidation proceeding;

  •   If the Group exercise the option to acquire equity ownership of the Consolidated Affiliated Entity, the
      ownership transfer may subject us to certain limitations and substantial costs.

  For further details, please refer to the section headed “Rick Factors – Risks Relating to the Contractual
  Arrangements” of the Prospectus.

  The Foreign Investment Law
  The Foreign Investment Law (外商投資法) (the “FIL”) promulgated by the National People’s Congress on
  March 15, 2019 and Implementation Regulations for Foreign Investment Law promulgated by the State
  Council of China on December 26, 2019 (the “Implementation Regulations for FIL”) have taken effect
  on January 1, 2020. The FIL replaces the existing laws regulating foreign investments in PRC, namely, the
  Sino-foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law, the Sino-foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Enterprise Law
  and the Wholly Foreign-invested Enterprise Law. The FIL and Implementation Regulations for FIL embody an
  expected regulatory trend in PRC to rationalize its foreign investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing
  international practice and the legislative efforts to unify the corporate legal requirements for both foreign
  and domestic investments.

  The FIL and Implementation Regulations for FIL do not explicitly stipulate the contractual arrangements as
  a form of foreign investment. The FIL does not mention concepts including “actual control” and “controlling
  through contractual arrangements” nor does it specify the regulation on controlling through contractual
  arrangements. Furthermore, the FIL and Implementation Regulations for FIL do not specifically stipulate rules
  on the Relevant Businesses. Instead, the FIL and Implementation Regulations for FIL stipulate that “foreign
  investors invest in PRC through any other methods under laws, administrative regulations, or provisions
  prescribed by the State Council”. In addition, the FIL and Implementation Regulations for FIL do not specify
  what actions shall be taken with respect to the existing companies with a contractual arrangement,
  whether or not these companies are controlled by PRC entities and/or citizens. The Company’s PRC Legal
  Advisors are of the view that the PRC government is likely to take a relatively cautious attitude towards the
  supervision of foreign investments and the enactment of laws and regulations impacting them and make
  decisions according to different situations in practice.

                                                     Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020         31
     Directors’ Report

       Nevertheless, there are possibilities that future laws, administrative regulations or provisions of the
       State Council of PRC may stipulate contractual arrangements as a way of foreign investments, and then
       whether the Contractual Arrangements will be recognized as foreign investments, whether the Company’s
       Contractual Arrangements will be deemed to be in violation of the foreign investment access requirements
       and how its Contractual Arrangements will be dealt with are uncertain.

       Save as disclosed above, there were no other new contractual arrangements entered into, renewed and/
       or reproduced during the reporting period. There was no material change in the Contractual Arrangements
       and/or the circumstances under which they were adopted during the reporting period.

       During the reporting period, none of the Contractual Arrangements had been unwound on the basis that
       none of the restrictions that led to the adoption of the Contractual Arrangements had been removed.
       As of December 31, 2020, the Company had not encountered interference or encumbrance from any
       PRC governing bodies in operating its businesses through its Consolidated Affiliated Entities under the
       Contractual Arrangements.

       The revenue of the Shanghai Xianbo and its respective subsidiaries amounted to RMB for the year ended
       December 31, 2020. The total assets of the Shanghai Xianbo and their respective subsidiaries amounted to
       RMB97 million as of December 31, 2020, representing approximately 0.9% of the total assets of the Group.

       The Company will timely announce (i) any updates or material changes to any ancillary regulations or
       implementation rules of the FIL that will materially and adversely affect us as and when they occur and (ii) in
       the event that any ancillary regulations or implementation rules of the FIL or any new foreign investment law
       has been promulgated, a clear description and analysis of law, specific measures adopted by the Company
       to comply with the law (supported by advice from PRC legal advisors), as well as its material impact on the
       Company’s business operation and financial position.

       Listing Rules Implications and Waivers from the Stock Exchange
       For the purposes of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and in particular the definition of “connected person”,
       the Consolidated Affiliated Entities will be treated as the Company’s wholly owned subsidiaries, and their
       Directors, chief executives or substantial shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) and their respective
       associates will be treated as the Company’s “connected persons” as applicable under the Listing Rules
       (excluding for this purpose, the Consolidated Affiliated Entities), and transactions between these connected
       persons and the Group (including for this purpose, the Consolidated Affiliated Entities), other than those
       under the Contractual Arrangements, will be subject to requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
       Rules. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under the Contractual Arrangements constitute continuing
       connected transactions of the Company.

       In respect of the Contractual Arrangements, the Company have applied for, and the Stock Exchange has
       granted, a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements of (i) the announcement, circular and
       independent Shareholders’ approval under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions
       contemplated under the Contractual Arrangements pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules, (ii) setting
       an annual cap for the transactions under the Contractual Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing
       Rules, and (iii) limiting the term of the Contractual Arrangements to three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of
       the Listing Rules, for so long as the Company’s Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange, subject, however,
       to the following conditions, details of which are set out in the “Connected Transactions” section in the
       Prospectus:

       (a)   No change without independent non-executive Directors’ approval;

       (b)   No change without independent Shareholders’ approval;


32     Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report

  (c)    Economic benefits flexibility;

  (d)    Renewal and reproduction;

  (e)    Ongoing reporting and approvals.

  Confirmation from Independent Non-executive Directors
  The Company’s independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the Contractual Arrangements and
  confirmed that:

  (i)    the transactions carried out during the year ended December 31, 2020 have been entered into in
         accordance with the relevant provisions of the Contractual Arrangements;

  (ii)   no dividends or other distributions have been made by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities to the holders
         of its equity interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group during
         the year ended December 31, 2020; and

  (iii) any new contracts entered into, renewed or reproduced between the Company and the Consolidated
        Affiliated Entities during the year ended December 31, 2020 are fair and reasonable, or advantageous
        to the Shareholders, so far as the Group is concerned and in the interests of the Company and the
        Shareholder as a whole.

  Confirmations from the Auditor
  The Auditor has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with respect to the aforesaid Contractual
  Arrangements:

  (i)    nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed
         transactions under the Contractual Arrangements have not been approved by the Board;

  (ii)   nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the transactions
         were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements under the
         Contractual Arrangements governing such transactions; and

  (iii) nothing has come the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that any dividends or other
        distributions have been made by Shanghai Xianbo to the holders of its equity interest which were not
        otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group.

  On April 15, 2021, the Company disposed 100% of total issued share capital of Simgene Group Limited, a
  wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Simgene Group Limited indirectly held 100% of equity interest of
  Shanghai Xianjing, which in turn controlled Shanghai Xianbo through Contractual Arrangements during the
  reporting period. Upon the closing of the disposal, Simgene Group Limited will cease to be a subsidiary of the
  Company and the financial statements of Shanghai Xianbo will cease to be consolidated with the financial
  statements of the Company. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated April 15,
  2021 with regard to connected transaction in relation to disposal of subsidiaries.




                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020        33
     Directors’ Report

     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
     SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     As at December 31, 2020, the interest or short position of the Directors or chief executives of the Company in the
     Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of
     Part XV of the SFO) which were (i) required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
     Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interest or short positions which they were taken or deemed to
     have under such provisions of the SFO), or (ii) required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the
     register referred to therein, or (iii) required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
     of Listed Issuers to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:

     1.   Interest in the Company

                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                 Number of Shares/                    percentage of
          Name of Director/                                                       underlying shares                    shareholding
          Chief executive                  Nature of interest                            interested                        interest(1)


          Mr. REN Jinsheng(2)              Interest in controlled                         2,035,922,965                         78.05%
                                              corporations/Interest of
                                              concert parties

          Mr. ZHAO John Huan(3)            Interest in controlled                           114,986,405                           4.41%
                                              corporations

          Notes:

          (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 2,608,641,618 issued shares of the Company as at December 31, 2020.

          (2)   Mr. Ren Jinsheng, together with Excel Good Group Limited, P&H Holdings Group Ltd., Right Wealth Holdings Limited,
                Mr. Ren Yong, Ms. Li Shimeng, Mr. Ren Weidong, Ms. Ren Zhen and Ms. Peng Suqin (together, “Ultimate Controlling
                Shareholders”) collectively and indirectly hold 2,035,922,965 Shares, including (i) 606,810,031 Shares and 1,196,009,986
                Shares directly held by Artking Global Limited and Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited, respectively, both of which are
                companies controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; and (ii) 112,141,578 Shares and 120,961,370 Shares directly
                held by Excel Good Group Limited and Fortune Fountain Investment Limited, respectively, both of which are companies
                controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng. By virtue of the SFO, as the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders are deemed to be persons
                acting in concert under the Takeovers Code, each of them is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each other.

          (3)   Premier Praise Limited (尚嘉有限公司) (the “Premier Praise”) directly holds 114,986,405 Shares. Premier Praise is held
                as to 82.22% by Hony Capital Fund V, L.P. The general partner of Hony Capital Fund V, L.P. is Hony Capital Fund V GP, L.P.,
                whose general partner is Hony Capital Fund V GP Limited. Hony Capital Fund V GP Limited is wholly owned by Hony Group
                Management Limited, 80% equity interest of which is held by Hony Managing Partners Limited, which in turn is wholly
                owned by Exponential Fortune Group Limited. Exponential Fortune Group Limited is held as to 49% by Mr. Zhao John Huan
                and as to 51% by two other individuals who are Independent Third Parties, respectively. Therefore, Mr. Zhao John Huan is
                deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Premier Praise by virtue of the SFO.




34        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report

2.   Interests in the associated corporations

                                                                                                 Approximate
     Name of Director/         Capacity/                 Name of associated                     percentage of
     Chief executive           Nature of interest        corporation                     shareholding interest


     Mr. REN Jinsheng          Beneficial interest       Shanghai Xianbo Biological                          95%
                                                           Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                           (上海先博生物科技有限公
                                                           司)

     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2020, so far as is known to the Directors, none of the Directors
     and the chief executives of the Company had or were deemed to have any interest or short position in the
     shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning
     of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part
     XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the
     SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES
AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at December 31, 2020, the interests or short positions of persons (other than the Directors and chief
executives of the Company) in the shares or underlying shares of the Company (within the meaning of Part XV
of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                                Number of shares or               shareholding
Name of shareholder            Nature of Interest                 underlying shares                   interest(1)


Mr. Ren Yong(2)(3)             Interest in controlled                    2,035,922,965                    78.05%
                                  corporations/Interest of
                                  concert parties/Founder of
                                  a discretionary trust

Ms. Li Shimeng(2)(3)(4)        Interest in controlled                    2,035,922,965                    78.05%
                                  corporations/Interest of
                                  concert parties/Interest of
                                  spouse

P&H Holdings Group Ltd.        Interest in controlled                    2,035,922,965                    78.05%
  (“P&H Holdings”)(2)(3)          corporations/Interest of
                                  concert parties

Mr. Ren Weidong(2)(4)          Interest in controlled                    2,035,922,965                    78.05%
                                  corporations/Interest of
                                  concert parties


                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020      35
     Directors’ Report

                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                           percentage of
                                                                    Number of shares or     shareholding
     Name of shareholder              Nature of Interest              underlying shares         interest(1)


     Right Wealth Holdings Limited Interest in controlled                  2,035,922,965           78.05%
       (“Right Wealth”)(2)(4)         corporations/Interest of
                                      concert parties

     Ms. Ren Zhen(2)(5)               Interest in controlled               2,035,922,965           78.05%
                                         corporations/Interest of
                                         concert parties

     Ms. Peng Suqin(2)(6)             Interest in controlled               2,035,922,965           78.05%
                                         corporations/Interest of
                                         concert parties

     Artking Global Limited           Beneficial interest                    606,810,031           23.26%
       (“Artking”)(7)
                                      Interest in controlled               1,196,009,986           45.85%
                                         Corporations

                                      Interest of concert parties            233,102,948            8.94%

     Simcere Holding Limited          Interest in controlled               1,196,009,986           45.85%
       (“Simcere Holding”)(8)            Corporations

                                      Interest of concert parties            839,912,979           32.20%

     Simcere Investments Group   Interest in controlled                    1,196,009,986           45.85%
       (“Simcere Investments”)(9) Corporations

                                      Interest of concert parties            839,912,979           32.20%

     Simcere Pharmaceutical           Beneficial interest                  1,196,009,986           45.85%
       Holding Limited (“SPHL”)(10)
                                      Interest of concert parties            839,912,979           32.20%

     Excel Good Group Limited         Beneficial interest                    112,141,578            4.30%
       (“EGG”)(2)(11)
                                      Interest in controlled                 120,961,370            4.64%
                                         Corporation

                                      Interest of concert parties          1,802,820,017           69.11%

     Fortune Fountain Investment      Beneficial interest                    120,961,370            4.64%
       Limited (“FFI”)(12)
                                      Interest of concert parties          1,914,961,595           73.41%


36        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Directors’ Report

Notes:

(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 2,608,641,618 issued shares of the Company as at December 31, 2020.

(2)   The Ultimate Controlling Shareholders collectively and indirectly hold 2,035,922,965 Shares, including (i) 606,810,031 Shares and
      1,196,009,986 Shares directly held by Artking and SPHL, respectively, both of which are companies controlled by the Company’s
      Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; and (ii) 112,141,578 Shares and 120,961,370 Shares directly held by EGG and FFI, respectively,
      both of which are companies controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng. As the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders are deemed
      to be persons acting in concert under the Takeovers Code, each of them is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each
      other by virtue of the SFO.

(3)   Mr. Ren Yong, son of Mr. Ren Jinsheng and spouse of Ms. Li Shimeng, is the settlor of the P&H Family Trust, which holds the
      entire equity interest in P&H Holdings through P&H Family Trust. Mr. Ren Yong, Ms. Li Shimeng and P&H Holdings are the
      Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and are deemed to be interested in the Shares collectively held by the Company’s
      Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

(4)   Mr. Ren Weidong is the brother of Mr. Ren Jinsheng and holds the entire equity interest in Right Wealth. Mr. Ren Weidong and
      Right Wealth are the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and are deemed to be interested in the Shares collectively
      held by the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

(5)   Ms. Ren Zhen is the sister of Mr. Ren Jinsheng. She is one of the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and is deemed to
      be interested in the Shares collectively held by the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

(6)   Ms. Peng Suqin is the mother of Mr. Ren Yong. She is one of the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and is deemed to
      be interested in the Shares collectively held by the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

(7)   Artking directly holds 606,810,031 Shares and indirectly holds 1,429,112,934 Shares, including (i) 1,196,009,986 Shares directly
      held by SPHL, a controlled corporation of Artking, and (ii) an aggregate of 233,102,948 Shares directly held by EGG and FFI, both
      of which are companies controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng and are deemed to be acting in concert with Artking under the Takeovers
      Code. Therefore, Artking is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by SPHL, EGG and FFI by virtue of the SFO.

(8)   Simcere Holding indirectly holds 2,035,922,965 Shares, including (i) 1,196,009,986 Shares directly held by SPHL, a controlled
      corporation of Simcere Holding, and (ii) an aggregate of 839,912,979 Shares, which comprises of 606,810,031 Shares directly held
      by Artking, a company controlled by the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders, and 233,102,948 Shares directly held
      by EGG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng. Artking, EGG and FFI are deemed to be acting in
      concert with Simcere Holding under the Takeovers Code. Therefore, Simcere Holding is deemed to be interested in the Shares
      held by SPHL, Artking, EGG and FFI by virtue of the SFO.

(9)   Simcere Investments indirectly holds 2,035,922,965 Shares, including (i) 1,196,009,986 Shares directly held by SPHL, a controlled
      corporation of Simcere Investments, and (ii) an aggregate of 839,912,979 Shares, which comprises of 606,810,031 Shares directly
      held by Artking, a company controlled by the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders, and 233,102,948 Shares directly held
      by EGG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng. Artking, EGG and FFI are deemed to be acting in
      concert with Simcere Investments under the Takeovers Code. Therefore, Simcere Investments is deemed to be interested in the
      Shares held by SPHL, Artking, EGG and FFI by virtue of the SFO.

(10) SPHL directly holds 1,196,009,986 Shares and indirectly holds an aggregate of 839,912,979 Shares, including 606,810,031 Shares
     directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Company’s Ultimate Controlling Shareholders, and an aggregate of
     233,102,948 Shares directly held by EGG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng. Artking, EGG and
     FFI are deemed to be acting in concert with SPHL under the Takeovers Code. Therefore, SPHL is deemed to be interested in the
     Shares held by Artking, EGG and FFI by virtue of the SFO.

(11) EGG directly holds 112,141,578 Shares and indirectly hold 1,923,781,387 Shares, including (i) 120,961,370 Shares directly held
     by FFI, a controlled corporation of EGG and ultimately controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng, and (ii) an aggregate of 1,802,820,017
     Shares directly held by SPHL and Artking, both of which are deemed to be acting in concert with EGG under the Takeovers Code.
     Therefore, EGG is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by FFI, SPHL and Artking by virtue of the SFO.

(12) FFI directly holds 120,961,370 Shares and indirectly hold an aggregate of 1,914,961,595 Shares directly held by SPHL, Artking
     and EGG, all of which are deemed to be acting in concert with FFI under the Takeovers Code. Therefore, FFI is deemed to be
     interested in the Shares held by SPHL, Artking and EGG by virtue of the SFO.




                                                                Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020                   37
     Directors’ Report

     SUFFICIENT PUBLIC FLOAT
     In accordance with Rule 8.08(1)(d) of the Listing Rules, the Stock Exchange has granted the Company a waiver
     and accepted a lower public float of 15.45% of the Company’s issued share capital. From the Listing Date to the
     date of this Annual Report, according to the public information obtainable by the Company and to the knowledge
     of the Directors, the Company has maintained the minimum public float to the extent permitted by the Stock
     Exchange.

     FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS
     As at December 31, 2020, the Group did not have other plans for material investments and capital assets.

     ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
     The AGM will be held on Friday, June 25, 2021. The notice of AGM will be sent to shareholders at least 20 clear
     business days before AGM.

     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
     For the purpose of ascertaining the members’ eligibility to attend and vote at the AGM, the Group’s register of
     members will be closed from Tuesday, June 22, 2021 to Friday, June 25, 2021, both days inclusive, during which
     no transfer of share will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, unregistered holders
     of shares of the Group shall ensure that all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates
     must be lodged with the Group’s share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
     Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong for
     registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, June 21, 2021.

     In order to determine the entitlement of shareholders to the proposed final dividend, the register of members of
     the Group will be closed from Friday, July 2, 2021, to Tuesday, July 6, 2021 (both days inclusive), during which no
     transfer of shares will be registered. All transfer documents together with the relevant share certificates must be
     lodged with the Group’s share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at
     Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not
     later than 4:30 pm on Wednesday, June 30, 2021.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     Details of the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the section of
     “Corporate Governance Report” of this Annual Report.

     REVIEW BY AUDIT COMMITTEE
     The Audit Committee has reviewed the financial reporting processes, risk management and internal control
     systems of the Group and the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31,
     2020, and is of the opinion that these statements have complied with the applicable accounting standards, the
     Listing Rules and legal requirements, and that adequate disclosure has been made.

     AUDITOR
     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020 have been audited by KPMG, which
     will retire at the conclusion of the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for
     re-appointment. A resolution on the re-appointment of KPMG as the auditor of the Company will be proposed at
     the forthcoming annual general meeting.


     For and on behalf of the Board
     Mr. REN Jinsheng (Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)

     March 25, 2021

38        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Corporate Governance Report

The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report, for the purpose of inclusion in the annual
report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

The Group is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principle of the
Group’s corporate governance is to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high standard of
ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business, to ensure that its business and
operation are conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, to enhance the transparency of the
Board, and to strength accountability to all shareholders. The Group’s corporate governance practices are based
on the principles and code provisions prescribed in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out
in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

Save as disclosed in this report, the Group has complied with the code provisions contained in the CG Code
during the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2020 (the “Relevant Period”).

Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is collectively responsible for performing the corporate governance functions set out in Code Provision
D.3.1 of the CG Code, including at least the following:

•   to formulate and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

•   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
    management;

•   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
    requirements;

•   to formulate, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
    employees and Directors; and

•   to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the annual report.

For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Board has reviewed the Company’s policies and practices on
corporate governance.

Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
The Group has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as the Group’s code of conduct regarding the Directors’
securities transactions. Having made specific enquiry of all the Directors of the Group, all the Directors confirmed
that they have strictly complied with the Model Code since the Listing Date and up to December 31, 2020.




                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020         39
     Corporate Governance Report

     THE BOARD

     Responsibilities
     The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Group’s businesses,
     strategic decisions and performance, and is collectively responsible for promoting the success of the Company
     by directing and supervising its affairs.

     The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to the management by
     laying down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial
     performance, and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place. The Board has
     delegated to the Board committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference.

     Delegation of Management Functions
     The major powers and functions of the Board include, but are not limited to, convening the general meetings,
     reporting its work at the general meetings, implementing the resolutions passed at the general meetings,
     considering and approving the operating plans and investment plans of the Company, formulating the Company’s
     strategic development plans, formulating profit distribution plans and plans on making up losses, and exercising
     other powers and functions as conferred by the Articles of Association of the Company (the “Articles of
     Association”).

     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and advices from the joint
     company secretaries (the “Joint Company Secretaries”) and senior management of the Company and may,
     where appropriate, request to seek independent professional advice at the Company’s expenses for discharging
     their duties to the Company.

     The Board is responsible for making decisions on strategic plans, major investment decisions and other
     significant operational issues of the Company, while responsibilities for implementing decisions of the Board, day-
     to-day management, administration and operation of the Company are delegated to the senior management. The
     delegated functions and tasks are subject to regular review. Prior approvals shall be obtained from the Board for
     any major transaction.

     Composition of the Board
     As at December 31, 2020, the Board comprised eight Directors, including four executive Directors, one non-
     executive Director and three independent non-executive Directors. The list of members of the Board and their
     positions are set out below.

     Executive Directors:
     Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. ZHANG Cheng (Chief Operating Officer) (Resigned on March 31, 2021)
     Mr. WAN Yushan (Chief Financial Officer)
     Mr. TANG Renhong (Senior Vice President) (Appointed as Executive Vice President on March 31, 2021)

     Non-executive Director:
     Mr. ZHAO John Huan

     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. SONG Ruilin
     Mr. WANG Jianguo
     Mr. WANG Xinhua

     Biography of each Director has been set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
     Management” in this annual report.



40        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Corporate Governance Report

All Directors, including non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business experience,
knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. All Directors have carried
out duties in good faith and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and have acted in the interests of
the Company and the Shareholders at all times.

There is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s)) between
the Directors of the Company.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Under code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separated
and performed by different individuals.

As of December 31, 2020, the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company were not separated
and Mr. REN Jinsheng currently performs these two roles. Mr. REN is the founder of the Group, the Chairman
of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He has been primarily responsible for developing
overall corporate business strategies and business operation of the Group and making significant business and
operational decisions of the Group. Directors consider that vesting the roles of both the Chairman of the Board
and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company in Mr. REN is beneficial to the business prospects of the Group by
ensuring consistent leadership to the Group as well as prompt and effective decision making and implementation.
In addition, Directors believe that this structure will not impair the balance of power and authority between
the Board and the management of the Company, given that: (i) any decision to be made by the Board requires
approval by at least a majority of Directors; (ii) Mr. REN and the other Directors are aware of and undertake to
fulfil their fiduciary duties as Directors, which require, among other things, that he acts for the benefit and in the
best interests of the Company and will make decisions for the Company accordingly; (iii) the balance of power
and authority is ensured by the operations of the Board, which consists of four executive Directors (including
Mr. REN), one non-executive Director and three independent non-executive Directors, and has a fairly strong
independence element; and (iv) the overall strategic and other key business, financial, and operational policies of
the Company are made collectively after thorough discussion at both Board and senior management levels.

Independent Non-executive Directors
The Board has been complying with the Rules 3.10 (1) and 3.10 (2) of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment
of at least three independent non-executive Directors, with at least one of them possessing appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise. In addition, according to Rule
3.10A of the Listing Rules, independent non-executive Directors must represent at least one-third of the Board.
During the Relevant Period, the Company had three independent non-executive Directors, representing three-
eighths of the Board; therefore, the Company has complied with the relevant requirements.

According to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, the independent non-executive Directors have made confirmations
to the Company regarding their independence during the Relevant Period. Based on the confirmations of the
independent non-executive Directors, the Company considers each of them to be independent during the
Relevant Period.

Appointment and Re-election of Directors
Code Provision A.4.1 of the CG Code stipulates that non-executive directors shall be appointed for a specific
term, subject to re-election, whereas Code Provision A.4.2 of the CG Code states that all directors appointed to fill
casual vacancies shall be subject to election by shareholders at the first general meeting after their appointment
and that every director, including those appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at
least once every three years.



                                                        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020          41
     Corporate Governance Report

     The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the Articles of
     Association.

     Each of the executive Directors, Mr. REN, Mr. ZHANG Cheng, Mr. WAN Yushan and Mr. TANG Renhong, has
     entered into a service contract with the Company on October 8, 2020. The term of respective service contract is
     initially three years from the Listing Date. The service contract is subject to renewal pursuant to the Articles of
     Association and applicable laws, rules and regulations.

     Each of the non-executive Director Mr. ZHAO John Huan and the independent non-executive Directors, Mr. SONG
     Ruilin, Mr. WANG Xinhua and Mr. WANG Jianguo, has entered into an appointment letter with the Company
     on October 8, 2020. The term of respective appointment letter is initially three years from the Listing Date. The
     appointment letter is subject to renewal pursuant to the Articles of Association and applicable laws, rules and
     regulations.

     Pursuant to Article 110 of the Articles of Association, without prejudice to the power of the Company in general
     meeting in accordance with any of the provisions of the Articles of Association to appoint any person to be a
     Director, the Board shall have power, exercisable at any time and from time to time, to appoint any other person
     as a Director, either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board, provided that the number of Directors
     so appointed shall not exceed the maximum number (if any) determined pursuant to the Articles of Association.
     Any Directors so appointed shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company
     and shall then be eligible for reelection, but shall not be taken into account in determining the Directors or the
     number of Directors who are to retire by rotation at each annual general meeting.

     Pursuant to Article 111 (a) of the Articles of Association, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association,
     at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their number is not three or
     a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but greater than one-third, shall retire from office by rotation.
     Subject to the provisions of the Ordinance, the Listing Rules and the Articles of Association, the Directors to retire
     in every year shall be those who have been longest in office since their last election, and as between persons
     who became Directors on the same day, the Directors to retire shall (unless they otherwise agree between
     themselves) be determined by lot. Every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, shall be subject
     to retirement at least once every three years.

     Pursuant to Article 111 (a) of the Articles of Association, Mr. REN Jinsheng, Mr. WAN Yushan and Mr. TANG
     Renhong will retire at the annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

     Board Meetings and General Meeting
     For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company convened a total of 3 Board meetings. As the shares of
     the Company were listed on the Stock Exchange on October 27, 2020, for the year ended December 31, 2020,
     the code provisions relating to the number of Board meetings convened are not applicable to the Company.
     Commencing from January 1, 2021, the Company will fully comply with the requirements under code provision
     A.1.1 of the CG Code by convening Board meetings at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals.

     For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company convened an extraordinary general meeting on May
     13, 2020, but did not convene any annual general meeting, instead, it had the relevant resolutions approved
     in written forms by the shareholders in lieu of an annual general meeting in accordance with Article 80 of the
     Articles of Association and sections 548 and 610 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong
     Kong) (the “Companies Ordinance”). As the shares of the Company were listed on the Stock Exchange on
     October 27, 2020, the Company did not convene any general meeting during the Relevant Period.



42        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Corporate Governance Report

The attendance of the above meetings by each Director is as follows:

                                                           No. of board meetings         No. of extraordinary
                                                           attended in person/by           general meetings
Name of the Director                                             proxy/convened          attended/convened


Executive Directors:
Mr. REN Jinsheng                                                               3/0/3                            1/1
Mr. ZHANG Cheng                                                                3/0/3                            1/1
Mr. WAN Yushan                                                                 3/0/3                            1/1
Mr. TANG Renhong                                                               3/0/3                            1/1

Non-executive Director:
Mr. ZHAO John Huan                                                             2/1/3                            1/1

Independent non-executive Directors:
Mr. SONG Ruilin                                                                2/1/3                            1/1
Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                               3/0/3                            1/1
Mr. WANG Xinhua                                                                2/1/3                            1/1

The Company adopts the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at
approximately quarterly intervals. Notices of not less than fourteen days are given for all regular Board meetings
to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a regular meeting.

For other Board and Board Committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. The agenda and
accompanying board papers are dispatched to the Directors or Board Committee members at least three days
before the meetings to ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and are adequately prepared
for the meetings. When Directors or Board Committee members are unable to attend a meeting, they will be
advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known to the chairman
prior to the meeting. Minutes of meetings are kept by the joint company secretaries of the Company with copies
circulated to all Directors for information and records.

Minutes of the Board meetings and Board Committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail about the
matters considered by the Board and Board Committees and the decisions reached, including any concerns
raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of each Board meeting and Board Committee meeting are sent to the
Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is convened. Minutes of
the Board meetings are open for inspection by Directors. All Directors shall obtain information related to the
Board resolutions in a comprehensive and timely manner, and may seek independent professional advice at the
Company’s expense after making reasonable request to the Board.




                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020         43
     Corporate Governance Report

     Training and Continuous Professional Development of Directors
     Each newly appointed director shall be provided with necessary induction and information to ensure that he/she
     has a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as his/her responsibilities under
     relevant statues, laws, rules and regulations. The Company also arranges regular seminars to provide Directors
     with updates on latest development and changes in the Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory
     requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided with regular updates on the Company’s
     performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties.
     Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
     knowledge and skills.

     During the Relevant Period, all directors have received directors’ training in writing or by attending lectures.
     Directors’ training is mainly about (i) Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules – Continuing Obligations; (ii) market
     misconduct; (iii) guidelines for shareholders of Hong Kong listed companies; (iv) Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules
     – Notifiable Transactions; (v) Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules – Connected Transactions; (vi) Appendix 27 to the
     Listing Rules – Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide; and (vii) Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules –
     Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report.

                                                                                                      Attending or
                                                                                                    participating in
                                                                                                relevant seminars/
                                                                                                   reading relevant
     Name of the Director                                                                                 materials


     Executive Directors:
     Mr. REN Jinsheng                                                                                               √
     Mr. ZHANG Cheng                                                                                                √
     Mr. WAN Yushan                                                                                                 √
     Mr. TANG Renhong                                                                                               √

     Non-executive Director:
     Mr. ZHAO John Huan                                                                                             √

     Independent non-executive Directors:
     Mr. SONG Ruilin                                                                                                √
     Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                               √
     Mr. WANG Xinhua                                                                                                √

     COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Audit Committee
     The Group established an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) with written terms of reference in
     compliance with the CG Code. The main duties of the Audit Committee are to review and supervise the financial
     reporting process and internal control system of our Group, oversee the audit process, review and oversee the
     existing and potential risks of the Group and perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Board.

     The Audit Committee consists of 3 members, all of which are independent non-executive Directors, being Mr.
     WANG Xinhua, Mr. SONG Ruilin and Mr. WANG Jianguo. The chairperson of the Audit Committee is Mr. WANG
     Xinhua. Mr. WANG Xinhua possesses the appropriate professional qualifications and accounting and related
     financial management expertise.

44       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Corporate Governance Report

In accordance with the written terms of reference of the Audit Committee, it should convene at least two
meetings in each fiscal year. As the shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
on October 27, 2020, the Audit Committee did not convene any meeting during the year ended December 31,
2020.

The Audit Committee convened a meeting on March 25, 2021 to review the annual financial results, significant
internal audit matters and reappoint the external auditor. The audited annual results of the Group for the
year ended December 31, 2020 have been reviewed by the Audit Committee, which is of the opinion that
the preparation of the relevant financial statements complies with the applicable accounting standards and
requirements and that adequate disclosures have been made. Members of the Audit Committee have reviewed
the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and discussed auditing, internal control, risk
management and financial reporting matters including the review of the annual results and the consolidated
financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2020.

Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
In accordance with the CG Code, the Company has established a Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (the
“Remuneration and Appraisal Committee”) with written terms of reference. The primary duties of the
Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are to establish, review and make recommendations to our Directors
on our policy and structure concerning remuneration of our Directors and senior management and on the
establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies concerning such remuneration,
determine the terms of the specific remuneration package of each executive Director and senior management
and review and approve remuneration by reference to corporate goals and objectives resolved by our Directors
from time-to-time.

The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee consists of 3 members, including two independent non-executive
Directors and one executive Director, being Mr. WANG Jianguo, Mr. WANG Xinhua and Mr. REN Jinsheng. The
chairperson of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is Mr. WANG Jianguo.

As the shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on October 27, 2020, the
Remuneration and Appraisal Committee did not convene any meeting during the year ended December 31, 2020.

The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee convened a meeting on March 25, 2021 to consider and make
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration and other benefits payable by the Company to the Directors
and senior management and other related matters.




                                                    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020      45
     Corporate Governance Report

     Pursuant to Code B.1.5 of the CG Code, the following table sets forth the total remuneration (excluding equity-
     settled share-based expenses) of the Directors and members of the senior management categorized by
     remuneration group for the year ended December 31, 2020:

                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                Members of                    Total
                                                            Number of               Senior              Number of
     Group                  Remuneration (RMB)               Directors         Management               Individuals


     1                                 0-1,000,000                     4                     1                     5
     2                         1,000,001-1,500,000                     0                     1                     1
     3                         1,500,001-2,000,000                     1                     2                     3
     4                         3,000,001-3,500,000                     1                     1                     2
     5                         4,000,001-4,500,000                     1                     0                     1
     6                         6,000,001-6,500,000                     1                     0                     1
     7                         6,500,001-7,000,000                     0                     1                     1

     Further details of the Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid employees required to be disclosed under
     Appendix 16 of the Listing Rules are set out in notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements.

     Nomination Committee
     In accordance with the CG Code, the Company has established a Nomination Committee (the “Nomination
     Committee”) with written terms of reference. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to
     review the structure, size and composition of our Board and senior management on a regular basis and make
     recommendations to our Board regarding any proposed changes to the composition of our Board and senior
     management, identify, select or make recommendations to our Board on the selection of individuals nominated
     for directorship and senior management members, ensure the diversity of our Board and senior management
     members, assess the independence of our independent non-executive Directors and make recommendations
     to our Board on relevant matters relating to the appointment, reappointment and removal of our Directors and
     senior management members and succession planning for our Directors and senior management members.

     The Nomination Committee consists of 3 members, including two independent non-executive Directors and
     one executive Director, being Mr. SONG Ruilin, Mr. WANG Jianguo and Mr. REN Jinsheng. The chairperson of the
     Nomination Committee is Mr. SONG Ruilin.

     As the shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on October 27, 2020, the
     Nomination Committee did not convene any meeting during the year ended December 31, 2020.

     The Nomination Committee convened a meeting on March 25, 2021 to review the structure, size and composition
     of the Board, assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors and make recommendations
     to the Board on re-election of the retiring directors.




46       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Corporate Governance Report

Strategy Committee
The Company has established a Strategy Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the
requirements under the Listing Rules.

The Strategy Committee consists of three members, including one executive Director, one non-executive Director
and one independent non-executive Director, being Mr. REN Jinsheng, Mr. ZHAO John Huan and Mr. WANG
Jianguo. The chairperson of the Strategy Committee is Mr. REN Jinsheng.

The primary duties of the Strategy Committee are to review and make suggestions in respect of the strategic
directions, development proposals, annual operation plans, investment proposals, major investments, financing
and capital injection, expansion of business and any major reorganization or restructuring proposal of our
Company.

As the shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on October 27, 2020, the
Strategy Committee did not convene any meeting during the year ended December 31, 2020.

The Strategy Committee convened a meeting on March 25, 2021 to consider amending the terms of reference of
the Strategy Committee by incorporating responsibilities for the environmental, social and governance matters.

DIRECTORS NOMINATION POLICY

In accordance with the Company’s director nomination policy, the Nomination Committee shall consider the
following criteria in evaluating and selecting candidates for directorship:

(i)    Skills, experience and expertise: The candidate should possess the skills, knowledge, experience and
       expertise which are relevant to the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries;

(ii)   Diversity: Candidates should be considered on merit and against objective criteria, with due regard to the
       diversity perspectives set out in the Board diversity policy of the Company;

(iii) Commitment: The candidate should be able to devote sufficient time to attend Board meetings and
      participate in induction, trainings and other Board associated activities. In particular, if the proposed
      candidate will be nominated as an independent non-executive Director and will be holding his/her seventh
      (or more) listed company directorship, the Nomination Committee should consider the reason given by the
      candidate for being able to devote sufficient time to the Board and Board Committee meetings;

(iv) Standing: The candidate must satisfy the Board and the Stock Exchange that he/she has the character,
     experience and integrity to serve as a Director, and is able to demonstrate a standard of competence
     commensurate with the relevant position as a Director;

(v)    Independence: For the candidate who is proposed as an independent non-executive Director, he or she must
       satisfy all the independence requirements as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. Where appropriate, the
       Nomination Committee shall also evaluate the education, qualifications and experience of the candidates in
       a holistic manner to consider whether they possess appropriate professional qualifications, accounting or
       related financial management expertise to act as independent non-executive Directors.




                                                         Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020        47
     Corporate Governance Report

     The Nomination Committee will recommend to the Board for the appointment of directors (including independent
     non-executive Directors) in accordance with the following nomination procedures:

     (i)    If the Nomination Committee determines that additional appointment or replacement of the Director(s)
            is required, the Committee may take such measures that it considers appropriate in connection with its
            identification and evaluation of a candidate;

     (ii)   The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate recommended or offered for nomination
            by the Shareholders of the Group as a nominee for election to the Board and the appointment or re-
            appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors is subject to the approval of the Board;

     (iii) On making recommendation, the Nomination Committee may submit the candidate’s personal profile and
           a proposal to the Board for consideration. In order to be a valid proposal, the proposal must clearly indicate
           the nominating intention and the candidate’s consent to be nominated and the personal profile must
           incorporate and/or accompanied by the full particulars of the candidate that are required to be disclosed
           under the Listing Rules, including the information and/or confirmation required under Rule 13.51(2) of the
           Listing Rules. If the candidate is proposed to be appointed as an independent non-executive Director, his or
           her independence shall be assessed in accordance with the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules,
           subject to any amendments as may be made by the Stock Exchange from time to time;

     (iv) The Board shall observe its Board diversity policy and shall, subject to merit and suitability, continue in its
          endeavours to introduce more diversity into the Board, taking into account professional experience and
          qualifications, gender, age, cultural and educational background, and any other factors that the Board might
          consider relevant and applicable from time to time towards achieving Board diversity; and

     (v)    Each proposed new appointment, election or re-election of a Director shall be assessed and/or considered
            against the criteria and qualifications set out in the nomination policy by the Nomination Committee which
            shall recommend its views to the Board and/or the Shareholders for consideration and determination.

     The Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Directors nomination policy
     and reviewing this policy from time to time as appropriate to ensure its effectiveness.

     BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

     The Company has adopted a Board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain an
     appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of our Board that are relevant to the Company’s business growth.
     The selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender,
     age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of
     service. The ultimate decision will be based on merits and contributions that the selected candidates will bring to
     the Board.




48          Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Corporate Governance Report

Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including overall management and strategic
development, business operation, accounting and financial management, pharmaceutical research and
development. They obtained degrees in various majors, including in economics, business administration, law,
accounting and pharmacy. The Company has three independent non-executive Directors with different industry
backgrounds, representing more than one-third of the Board. In addition, our Board has a wide range of age,
ranging from 41 years old to 65 years old. While the Company recognizes that the gender diversity at the Board
level can be improved given its current composition of all-male directors, the Company has taken, and will
continue to take steps to promote gender diversity at all levels of our Company, including but not limited to
our Board and the management levels. Going forward, our Company will consider the possibility of nominating
female senior management to the Board or appointing a female independent non-executive Director who has
the necessary skills and experience. In particular, the Company plans to appoint a female Director by the end
of 2022 and target to achieve 20% female representation in the Board within five years following the Listing,
subject to Directors (i) being satisfied with the competence and experience of the relevant candidates after a
comprehensive review process based on reasonable criteria; and (ii) fulfilling their fiduciary duties to act in the
best interest of our Company and our Shareholders as a whole when deliberating on the appointment. To develop
a pipeline of potential female successors to the Board, our Company will (i) ensure that there is gender diversity
when recruiting staff at mid to senior levels; and (ii) engage more resources in training female staff with the aim
of promoting them to be members of our senior management or the Board.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for ensuring the diversity of our Board. The Nomination Committee
will monitor the implementation of the diversity policy and review the Board diversity policy from time to time to
ensure its continued effectiveness.

The table below set forth the diversity proﬁle of the Board as at December 31, 2020:

  No. of Directors

  8
                                                                                                                                  5-6
  7                           Independent                                      >60
                             non-executive
                                Directors
  6

  5
                             Non-executive
                                                                              51-60
                                Director
  4                                                    Male                                          Chinese
                                                                                                                                  1-2

  3
                               Executive
  2                            Directors

                                                                              41-50

  1

  0
               Designation                   Gender               Age                   Ethnicity         Length of serviceNote(1)

Note:

(1)     The length of service is calculated from the date of appointment of the Director(s) by the Company to December 31, 2020




                                                                  Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020               49
     Corporate Governance Report

     COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Mr. BAO Jun, the secretary to the Board and a Joint Company Secretary of the Company, and Ms. FENG Jie, a Joint
     Company Secretary are responsible for making recommendations and proposals to the Board on issues related
     to corporate governance, and ensuring that Board policies and procedures as well as applicable laws, rules and
     regulations are strictly followed.

     In order to maintain sound corporate governance and to ensure compliance with the Listing Rules and applicable
     Hong Kong laws, the Company also appointed Ms. FENG Jie and Ms. MAK Po Man Cherie of SWCS Corporate
     Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, as the Company’s Joint Company Secretaries, to assist Mr. BAO Jun in
     discharging the duties of a company secretary. Mr. BAO Jun has attended trainings on, among other things,
     laws and regulations, Listing Rules, director and Board secretaries’ duties, rules on information disclosure, rules
     on connected transactions, notifiable transactions, equity management of securities companies, directors’ and
     supervisors’ securities dealings, disclosure of interests, market misconduct and the implementation of relevant
     internal policies.

     Mr. BAO Jun, Ms. FENG Jie and Ms. MAK Po Man Cherie have all confirmed that they received not less than 15
     hours of relevant professional training during the year ended December 31, 2020.

     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company currently does not have a formal dividend policy or a fixed dividend distribution ratio. Our Board
     may declare dividends in the future after taking into account our future operations and earnings, capital
     requirements and surplus, general financial conditions, contractual restrictions and other factors that our
     Directors consider relevant. Any declaration and payment as well as the amount of dividends will be subject to
     our constitutional documents and the Companies Ordinance, including the approval of our Shareholders.

     As we are a holding company, our ability to declare and pay dividends will also depend on the availability of
     dividends received from our PRC subsidiaries. PRC laws require that dividends be paid only out of the net profit
     calculated according to the PRC accounting principles, which differ in many aspects from generally accepted
     accounting principles in other jurisdictions, including HKFRSs. PRC laws also require foreign invested enterprises
     to set aside part of their net profit as statutory reserves, which are not available for distribution as cash dividends.
     Distributions from our subsidiaries may also be restricted if they incur debt or losses or in accordance with any
     restrictive covenants in bank credit facilities or other agreements that we or our subsidiaries may enter into in the
     future.

     LIABILITY INSURANCE FOR DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     The Company has maintained insurance for all the directors and senior management members to minimum the
     potential risks which may occur to them during their normal performance of duties.

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The Directors confirm their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the year
     ended December 31, 2020.

     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties involving events or conditions that may cast significant
     doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

     The statement of the Company’s independent auditor regarding its reporting responsibilities on the financial
     statements is included in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 61 to 67 of this annual report.

50        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Corporate Governance Report

AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company appointed KPMG as its independent auditors. The total fees
paid/payable for audit and non-audit services provided by the Group’s independent auditors for the year ended
December 31, 2020, excluding disbursements made on behalf of the Company, are as follows:

Service provided                                                                                              Fees paid/payable
                                                                                                                       (RMB’000)


Audit service                                                                                                                   3,820
Non-audit servicenote                                                                                                           4,520

Note: Non-audit service mainly refers to listing-related services, continuing connected transaction review services and taxation advising
      services, among which the non-audit services in respect of initial public offering accounted for RMB4,300,000.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The overall objectives of the Group’s risk management are to ensure that risks are controlled within an acceptable
limits appropriate to the overall objectives, to ensure compliance with relevant laws and regulations, to ensure
the implementation of the Group’s relevant rules and regulations and major measures taken to achieve business
objectives, to ensure the effectiveness of management, to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of business
activities, to reduce uncertainty in achieving business objectives, to ensure that a crisis management plan is in
place for subsequent management upon occurrence of various significant risks and to ensure that the Company
is free of significant loss arising from catastrophic risks or human error. Our risk management system follows the
principles of comprehensiveness, prudence, independence, effectiveness and timeliness to ensure the optimized
use of the system.

The Group’s risk management process consists of five steps: risk identification, risk assessment, risk analysis, risk
control and risk reporting. Our internal audit function is performed by the compliance audit department, which
reports directly to the Audit Committee. The Group has separately set an audit department directly reporting to
the compliance audit department, which conducts routine random audits and special audits in accordance with
the regulations of each business functions of the Company. In respect of regular random audits, the compliance
audit department prepares the audit plan for the coming year on a annual basis, and carries out the relevant
works as per the scheduled timetable. In addition to the regular audits, the compliance audit department also
conducts special audits from time to time based on particular reports and issues identified during the regular
random audits. Notices would be issued and notified, in different levels, in respect of the issues identified during
the regular random audits and special audits by the compliance audit department depending on the seriousness
of the incidents.

Each business entities of the Group is responsible for identifying, assessing and managing the risks within its
scope of business. They will develop their respective internal control system for effective risk management and
develop action plans to manage the risks catering for the risks identified and assessed.

Management is responsible for monitoring the Group’s risk management and internal control activities and holds
regular meetings with the business entities to ensure that key risks have been properly managed and newly
identified or evolving risks have been identified.

The Board is responsible for examining and reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s risk
management and internal control systems, reviewing the annual report and taking advice from the Audit
Committee.


                                                                 Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020                    51
     Corporate Governance Report

     The Group has engaged an independent third party to conduct annual review on the internal control system
     of the Group and make recommendations for rectification and management. Besides, the internal control and
     compliance related departments will also monitor the internal operations of the Group from time to time.

     The Board has reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system for the year ended
     December 31, 2020 and obtained management’s confirmation on the effectiveness of the risk management and
     internal control system of the Company. The Board is also of the opinion that there is neither material failure of
     risk control, nor has it identified any major weakness in risk control. The Company has strictly complied with the
     requirements under the Corporate Governance Code in relation to risk management and internal control, and the
     Board assesses that the Company’s risk management and internal control system is effective and adequate.

     The Board acknowledges that it is accountable for the risk management and internal control systems and has the
     responsibility to review the effectiveness of such systems. These systems are designed to manage, not eliminate,
     the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance
     that there will be no material misrepresentation or loss.

     The Company is aware of its responsibilities under the SFO and the Listing Rules with respect to the procedures
     and internal controls over the handling and dissemination of inside information, and the overriding principle is
     that if some information is determined as inside information, it should be announced as soon as reasonably
     practicable and handled with close regard to applicable laws and regulations.

     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

     According to the Articles of Association and the Companies Ordinance, Shareholders of the Company may: (i)
     move a requisition to move a resolution at the AGM; (ii) requisition to convene an extraordinary general meeting
     (the “EGM”); and (iii) propose a person for election as a Director at a general meeting.

     Requisition to Move a Resolution at an AGM
     The Company holds a general meeting as its AGM every year. In accordance with section 615 of the Companies
     Ordinance, a requisition to move a resolution at the AGM may be submitted by any number of Shareholders
     representing not less than one-fortieth (1/40th) of the total voting rights of all Shareholders having the right to
     vote on that resolution at the AGM, or not less than 50 Shareholders having the right to vote on that resolution at
     the AGM. The requisition must identify the resolution and must be signed by all the requisitionists. The requisition
     must be deposited at the Registered Office (as defined below), for the attention of the Joint Company Secretaries,
     not later than 6 weeks before the AGM to which the request relates, or if later, when the Notice of AGM is
     dispatched.

     Requisition to Convene an EGM
     Shareholders holding not less than one-twentieth (1/20th) of the total voting rights of all the members having
     a right to vote at general meetings of the Company can deposit a requisition to convene an EGM pursuant to
     sections 566 to 568 of the Companies Ordinance. The requisition must state the general nature of the business to
     be dealt with at the meeting, and must be signed by the requisitionists. The requisition must be deposited at our
     Registered Office for the attention of the Joint Company Secretaries.




52        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Corporate Governance Report

Proposing a Person for Election as a Director at a General Meeting
If a Shareholder wishes to propose a person for election as a Director at a general meeting, he/she must give
a written notice to that effect to the Joint Company Secretaries. The written notice must include the personal
information of the person proposed for election as a Director as required by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules and
be signed by such Shareholder and the person proposed for election as a Director indicating his/her willingness
to be appointed or re-appointed and consent of publication of his/her personal information. Such notice shall be
given within the period (or a longer period as may be determined by the Directors from time to time) commencing
no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice of such meeting and ending no later than seven days prior
to the date appointed for such meeting. Such details and procedures are available in our website.

For requesting the Company to circulate to Shareholders a statement with respect to a matter mentioned in a
proposed resolution or any other business to be dealt with at a general meeting, Shareholders are requested to
follow the requirements and procedures as set out in section 580 of the Companies Ordinance.

Procedure in relation to Raising Enquiry and Concerns with the Board
Shareholders of the Company wishing to make any enquiry to the Board may do so in writing to the Company
since verbal or anonymous ones would not generally be dealt with by the Company.

For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholder(s) must deposit the original duly signed written requisition, notice or
statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the below address and provide their full names, contact details and
identification in order to give effect to such requisition, notice or statement, or enquiry. Shareholders’ information
may be disclosed as required by law.

Contact details
Address: 43/F, AIA Tower, 183 Electric Road, North Point, Hong Kong (“Registered Office”) (for the attention of
          the Joint Company Secretaries)
Email: ir@simcere.com

For any enquiry concerning our Shares, Shareholders are advised to directly check with our Hong Kong Share
Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited. The contact details of Computershare Hong Kong
Investor Services Limited are as follows:

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Address: 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Tel: +852 2862 8555
Website: www.computershare.com/hk/contact

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS RELATIONS

The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor
relations and investor understanding of the Company’s business performance and strategies. The Company
endeavours to maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through AGMs and other EGMs.
At the AGM, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) are available to meet Shareholders and answer their
enquiries.

AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

There is no change in the Articles of Association of the Company during the Relevant Period.



                                                        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020          53
     Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

     Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are updated as of the latest
     meeting of the Board held on April 15, 2021.

     DIRECTORS

     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. REN Jinsheng (任晉生), aged 58, is the founder, an executive Director, the chairman of the Board and
     the chief executive officer of the Company. He is primarily responsible for the overall corporate and business
     strategies, business operation and making significant business and operational decisions of the Group.

     With more than 30 years of industry experience, Mr. Ren has gained in-depth understanding of the
     pharmaceutical industry and acquired rich management experience. At the very beginning of the Group’s
     operations, Mr. Ren became the general manager of Jiangsu Simcere at the time of its establishment in March
     1995, and has subsequently been the chairman of the board and the chief executive officer of the Group. On
     November 19, 2019, Mr. Ren was officially appointed as the chairman of the Board, an executive Director and the
     chief executive officer of the Company. Mr. Ren also has been the chairman of the board of various subsidiaries
     within the Group, including but not limited to Jiangsu Simcere since April 2004, Hainan Simcere Pharmaceutical
     Co., Ltd. (海南先聲藥業有限公司) (“Hainan Simcere”) since April 2001, Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲藥
     業有限公司) (“Simcere Pharmaceutical”) since February 2003 and Shandong Simcere Biopharmaceutical Co.,
     Ltd. (山東先聲生物製藥有限公司) (“Shandong Simcere”) since July 2009. Prior to the foundation of the Group,
     Mr. Ren served as the manager of the new special drugs business department of Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Industry
     Co., Ltd. (江蘇省醫藥工業有限公司) from November 1992 to March 1995. Prior to that, Mr. Ren worked at Qidong
     Pharmaceutical Factory ((啟東製藥廠), now known as Gaitianli Pharmaceutical Holding Group Pharmaceutical
     Co., Ltd. (蓋天力醫藥控股集團製藥股份有限公司)) from February 1982 to November 1992. In addition, Mr. Ren is
     currently the president of the China Pharmaceutical Innovation Promotion Association (中國醫藥創新促進會) for
     the year from 2020 to 2021.

     Mr. Ren graduated with a college diploma in traditional Chinese pharmacology from Nanjing University of Chinese
     Medicine (南京中醫藥大學) (formerly known as Nanjing College of Chinese Medicine (南京中醫學院)) in January
     1982. He also graduated with a master’s degree in business administration from Nanjing Normal University (南
     京師範大學) in December 1996. Mr. Ren was certified as a researcher (natural science series) and a senior
     economist by Jiangsu Human Resources and Social Security Department (江蘇省人力資源與社會保障廳) in
     January 2020 and November 2010, respectively.

     Over the years, Mr. Ren has received many awards and accolades acknowledging his contributions and
     accomplishments in the pharmaceutical industry, examples of which are set out below:

                                                                                       Timing of
     Honor/Award                               Awarding Body                           granting the award


     Top 10 leaders in China’s pharmaceutical National Federation of Industry          May 2016
        industry (中國醫藥行業十大領軍人物)                  and Commerce Pharmaceutical
                                                 Merchants Association
                                                 (全國工商業聯合會醫藥商協會)
     First prize of the Science and Technology The People’s Government of Hainan       December 2014;
        Award of Hainan Province                 Province (海南省人民政府)                    January 2005
        (海南省科學技術一等獎)



54       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

                                                                                     Timing of
Honor/Award                                Awarding Body                             granting the award


Special Government Allowances           State Council (國務院)                          March 2011
   (政府特殊津貼)
Jiangsu Innovation and Entrepreneurship Jiangsu Committee of the Communist           June 2010
   Talent Award (江蘇創新創業人才獎)                Party of China (中共江蘇省委);
                                        The People’s Government of Jiangsu
                                           Province (江蘇省人民政府)
National Labor Medal (全國五一勞動獎章) All-China Federation of Trade Unions                 April 2007
                                           (中華全國總工會)
Second prize of National Science and    State Council (國務院)                          November 2005
   Technology Progress Award
   (國家科學技術進步二等獎)

Mr. WAN Yushan (萬玉山), aged 50, is an executive Director and the chief financial officer of the Company. He is
primarily responsible for the financial and legal management and formulating financial strategies of the Group.

Mr. Wan has 20 years of experience with the Group where he has accumulated knowledge and skills required
in the financial management of the Group. Mr. Wan joined the Group in May 2000 and has assumed various
positions successively since then, including the financial controller, general manager of financial department, vice
president and chief financial officer. On November 19, 2019, Mr. Wan was officially appointed as an executive
Director and the chief financial officer of the Company. He has also been the director of several subsidiaries of
the Company including, among others, Hainan Simcere since July 2011, Shandong Simcere since August 2017 and
Simcere Pharmaceutical since July 2017.

Mr. Wan graduated with a bachelor’s degree in biochemistry from Nanjing University (南京大學) in June 1992. He
also graduated with a master’s degree in management (majoring in accounting) from Nanjing University in June
1999. Mr. Wan was admitted as a non-practicing member of JiangSu Institute Certified Public Accountants (江蘇省
註冊會計師協會) in November 2009.

Mr. TANG Renhong (唐任宏), aged 41, is an executive Director and the executive vice president of the
Company. He is primarily responsible for the overall management of Shanghai R&D Center and management of
the pre-clinical R&D of innovative pharmaceuticals of the Group.

Mr. Tang has nearly 12 years of experience in pharmaceutical research and development and management
of pharmaceutical companies. Mr. Tang joined the Group acting as the vice president in May 2019. He was
officially appointed as an executive Director and the vice president of the Company on November 19, 2019 and
further appointed as the senior vice president and the executive vice president of the Company on June 1, 2020
and March 31, 2021, respectively. Prior to that, he served as the vice general manager of Shanghai Shengdi
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (上海盛迪醫藥有限公司) from September 2017 to May 2019. From September 2013 to
August 2017, Mr. Tang worked as the associate director of China Innovation Center of Astrazeneca Investment
(China) Co., Ltd. (阿斯利康投資（中國）有限公司). Before that, he worked at the Novo Nordisk Research Centre
China (諾和諾德中國研究發展中心) from June 2009 to September 2013 with the last position there being the head
of department. At the beginning of his career, he was a postdoctoral researcher at the University of California,
San Francisco from April 2007 to May 2009.

Mr. Tang graduated with a bachelor’s degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大
學) in July 2002. He also obtained a Ph.D. in molecular cell biology from Nanyang Technological University in April
2007.




                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020         55
     Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

     Mr. ZHAO John Huan (趙令歡), aged 58, is a non-executive Director of the Company. He is primarily responsible
     for providing strategic advice on corporate operation and development of the Group.

     Mr. Zhao joined the Group in November 2019 and has been a non-executive Director since then. Mr. Zhao is
     currently the chairman and CEO of Hony Capital and has gained rich knowledge of corporate management with
     senior management positions at a number of public companies including as a non-executive director of Legend
     Holdings Corporation (stock code: 3396.HK) since January 2020 and as a non-executive director of Eros STX
     Global Corporation (stock code: ESGC.NYSE) since July 2020, an executive director and the chairman of the board
     of Goldstream Investment Limited (stock code: 1328.HK) since December 2018, a non-executive director of ENN
     Ecological Holdings Co., Ltd. (新奧生態控股股份有限公司) (stock code: 600803.SH) since December 2017, an
     executive director and the chairman of the board of Best Food Holding Company Limited (stock code: 1488.HK)
     since August 2016, a non-executive director of Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels Co., Ltd. (上海錦江國際
     酒店股份有限公司) (stock code: 600754.SH) since September 2015, a non-executive director of Zoomlion Heavy
     Industry Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (中聯重科股份有限公司) (stock code: 1157.HK, 000157.SZ) since June
     2015, a non-executive director of Lenovo Group Limited (stock code: 992.HK) since November 2011, and a non-
     executive director of China Glass Holdings Limited (stock code: 3300.HK) since January 2005.

     Mr. Zhao graduated with a bachelor’s degree in physics from Nanjing University in July 1984. He also obtained
     dual master’s degrees of electronic engineering and physics from Northern Illinois University in the United States
     in May 1990 and December 1990, respectively, and a master of business administration degree from the J.L.
     Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University in the United States in June 1996.

     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. SONG Ruilin (宋瑞霖), aged 58, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. He is primarily
     responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operation and management of the Group.

     Mr. Song has extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. Song joined the Group in November 2019.
     He has held positions in a number of public companies, including an independent non-executive director of
     Mediwelcome Healthcare Service and Technology Inc. (麥迪衛康健康醫療服務科技有限公司) (stock code: 2659.
     HK) since December 2020, an independent non-executive director of Jacobio Pharmaceuticals Group Co., Ltd.
     (加科思藥業集團有限公司) (stock code: 1167.HK) since December 2020, an independent non-executive director
     of Shanghai Henlius Biotech, Inc. (上海復宏漢霖生物技術股份有限公司) (stock code: 2696.HK) since September
     2019, an independent director of Boya Biopharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (博雅生物製藥集團股份有限公司) (stock
     code: 300294.SZ) from March 2017 to January 2021, an independent director of Tibet Aim Pharm. Inc. (西藏易
     明西雅醫藥科技股份有限公司) (stock code: 002826.SZ) since August 2015, an independent director of Shanxi
     Zhendong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (山西振東製藥股份有限公司) (stock code: 300158.SZ) since June 2015, an
     independent director of Zhejiang Jolly Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (浙江佐力藥業股份有限公司) (stock code: 300181.
     SZ) from July 2009 to January 2014 and an independent director of Jointown Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (九州
     通醫藥集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 600998.SH) from November 2008 to November 2014.

     Mr. Song is currently the executive president of PhIRDA (中國醫藥創新促進會) (formerly named as China
     Pharmaceutical Industry Research and Development Association (中國醫藥工業科研開發促進會)). Mr. Song also
     works as Director of Chinese Pharmaceutical Association (CPA) and a member of the Biotech Advisory Panel of
     the Stock Exchange among other important social positions.

     Since 2007, Mr. Song has been dedicated to the research of China’s pharmaceutical policies, especially the
     policies for pharmaceutical innovation. Prior to that, he worked in the Legislative Affairs Office of the State Council
     of China, mainly engaged in the legislative review and research of health and medicine for a number of years.




56        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

Mr. Song graduated with a bachelor’s degree in law from China University of Political Science and Law (中
國政法大學) in July 1985. He also graduated with a degree of master of business administration from China
Europe International Business School (中歐國際商學院) in November 2004 and a doctoral degree in social and
administrative pharmacy from China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學) in December 2018.

Mr. WANG Jianguo (汪建國), aged 60, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. He is primarily
responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operation and management of the Group.

Mr. Wang has almost 30 years of experience in corporate management. He joined the Group in November 2019,
and meanwhile, he has been an independent non-executive director of Honma Golf Limited (stock code: 6858.HK)
since September 2016. Mr. Wang also has been the chairman of the board of Five Star Holdings Group Co., Ltd.
(五星控股集團有限公司) since February 2009. Before that, Mr. Wang was the vice president of the Asia-Pacific
Region for Best Buy Co., Inc. (stock code: BBY.NY), an American multinational consumer electronics corporation.
He founded Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co., Ltd. (江蘇五星電器有限公司) in 1998 and was its president and
the chairman of the board until February 2009. From 1992 to 1998, Mr. Wang held various positions at Jiangsu
Wujiaohua Corporation (江蘇五交化總公司) with his last position there being the general manager.

Mr. Wang is currently the vice chairman of Jiangsu General Chamber of Commerce (江蘇省總商會) and was
awarded the Service Industry Professional Special Contribution Award (服務業專業人才特別貢獻獎) by Jiangsu
Provincial People’s Government in October 2014. Mr. Wang was granted the Outstanding Achievement Award
(傑出成就獎) by the China Chain Store & Franchise Association (中國連鎖經營協會) in November 2012. He
was elected as the Model Worker of the National Business System (全國商務系統勞動模範) by the Ministry of
Personnel and the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC in 2007. Mr. Wang has been the sponsor of Hupan University
(湖畔大學) since September 2015.

Mr. Wang graduated from the Australian National University, in July 2004 with a degree of executive master of
business administration. He also completed the program of doctor of business administration from Shanghai Jiao
Tong University in July 2018.

Mr. WANG Xinhua (王新華), aged 65, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. He is primarily
responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operation and management of the Group.

Mr. Wang has almost 45 years of experience in accounting and financial management. Mr. Wang joined the
Group in November 2019. He has been an independent non-executive director of China Tobacco International
(HK) Company Limited (stock code: 6055.HK) since December 2018, an independent director of China Petroleum
Engineering Corporation (中國石油集團工程股份有限公司) (stock code: 600339.SH) since September 2017 and an
independent director of Xinjiang Zhongtai Chemical Co., Ltd. (新疆中泰化學股份有限公司) (stock code: 002092.
SZ) since January 2017. In addition, Mr. Wang served as an independent director of Guizhou Yibai Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd. (貴州益佰製藥股份有限公司) (stock code: 600594.SH) from September 2016 to September 2019 and
Guizhou Jiulian Industrial Explosive Material Development Co., Ltd. (貴州久聯民爆器材發展股份有限公司) (stock
code: 002037.SZ) (now renamed as Poly Union Chemical Holding Group Co., Ltd. (保利聯合化工控股集團股份有
限公司)) from March 2016 to December 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Wang served as the chief financial officer of China
Petroleum & Chemical Corporation (中國石油化工股份有限公司) (stock code: 386.HK and 600028.SH) from May
2009 to December 2015. From November 2004 to April 2009, he served as a director of the financial planning
department of China Petrochemical Corporation (中國石化集團公司).

Mr. Wang graduated from Northeastern University (東北大學) in July 1996 after completing his undergraduate
course in management engineering through long distance learning. He was as a senior accountant at professor
level (教授級高級會計師) granted by Sinopec Group in January 2004.




                                                     Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020      57
     Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

     SENIOR MANAGEMENT(1)(2)

     The members of the senior management team and details of each of their experience are as follows:

     Mr. Kevin Oliver, aged 51, joined the Group in March 2020 and was appointed as a senior vice president of the
     Company on March 31, 2021, primarily responsible for the global business development of the Group.

     Mr. Oliver has nearly 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including 16 years of experience
     in the introduction and acquisition of business development projects. Mr. Oliver was responsible for target
     discovery and verification in Merck, Sharp & Dohme, Ltd. from September 1990 to March 2005. From March
     2005 to December 2010, he was a negotiation manager, deputy director and senior director of Merck & Co.,
     Inc., responsible for global business development and external research/licensing and target acquisition. From
     December 2010 to July 2014, he was an executive director of Merck & Co., Inc., responsible for the out-licensing
     and asset divestiture of global projects. Prior to joining the Group, he was responsible for global business
     development and licensing/M&A and alliance management in Alcon, Inc. (Novartis AG.) as the global leader of
     BD&L External Alliances since July 2014.

     Mr. Oliver graduated with a bachelor’s degree in immunology from King’s College London in July 1990 and a Ph.D.
     in pathology from Cambridge University in September 1995.

     Mr. CHENG Xianghua (程向華), aged 44, is a vice president of the Company. He is primarily responsible for the
     management of human resources, staff training and marketing of the Group.

     Mr. Cheng has almost 20 years of experience with the Group where he gained rich experience in the management
     of the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. Cheng joined the Group in June 2000 and has held various positions within the
     Group since then, including the sales representative, manager, business director, general manager of business
     department, president assistant, and vice president, successively. Mr. Cheng has also been the chairman of the
     board of Oy Simcere Europe Ltd. since June 2019, a director of Wuhu Simcere Zhongren Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
     (蕪湖先聲中人藥業有限公司) since July 2017, a director of Shanghai Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (上海先聲
     藥業有限公司) since January 2017, a director of Simcere Pharmaceutical since April 2020 and a director of Hainan
     Simcere since May 2020. In addition, Mr. Cheng served as a director of Xuancheng Menovo Pharmaceutical Co.,
     Ltd. (宣城美諾華藥業有限公司) from July 2019 to September 2020.

     Mr. Cheng graduated with a college diploma in pharmaceutical marketing from Anhui University of Chinese
     Medicine (安徽中醫藥大學) in July 1999.

     Mr. QIAN Haibo (錢海波), aged 58, is a vice president of the Company. He is primarily responsible for the
     investment business department and the business development in Hong Kong of the Company.




     Notes:

     (1)   Mr. WANG Pin resigned as the chief science officer of the Company with effect from April 15, 2021.

     (2)   Mr. WANG Peng resigned as a senior vice president of the Company with effect from March 31, 2021 but remained as a vice
           director of the Group’s national key laboratory of translational medicine and innovative pharmaceuticals.




58         Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

Mr. Qian has held senior management positions for almost 26 years within the Group. Mr. Qian joined the Group
in November 1994 and served successively as a department manager, director and assistant to general manager
until May 2005. In December 2005, he became the secretary to the board of the Group and served in this position
during the period when the Group listed on the NYSE. He successively served as the general manager and a
director of the Company from October 2018 to November 2019. He has been a vice president of the Group
since January 2013, and was officially appointed as the vice president of the Company on November 19, 2019. In
addition, he also has been the director of Jiangsu Simcere since February 2011. Mr. Qian has held directorships
in several other companies, including Nanjing Bioheng Biotech Co., Ltd. (南京北恒生物科技有限公司) from June
2018 to March 2021, Beijing Yude Future Holdings Co., Ltd. (北京玉德未來控股有限公司) from November 2015
and Hainan Simcere BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd. (海南先聲百家匯科技發展有限公司) since
September 2014.

Mr. Qian graduated with a bachelor’s degree in law from Nanjing Normal University in June 1986. He obtained a
degree of master of business administration from Nanjing University in December 2002 and a doctoral degree in
social and administrative pharmacy from China Pharmaceutical University in June 2007. Mr. Qian was certified as
a senior economist at researcher level by Nanjing Office of Work Title (Professional Qualification) Work Leading
Group (南京市職稱（職業資格）工作領導小組辦公室) in September 2008.

Mr. SHI Ruiwen (史瑞文), aged 55, joined the Group in November 2017 and was appointed as a vice president
of the Company on March 31, 2021, primarily responsible for the pharmaceutical business of the Company and
the management of the Hainan Research Institute.

Mr. Shi has nearly 31 years of experience in pharmaceutical research and development and production
management. From March 1990 to August 1996, he served as an assistant researcher and an associate
researcher in the Institute of Biomedical Engineering of Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences (中國醫學科學院
生物醫學工程研究所). From August 1996 to August 1997, as a visiting scholar, he made an academic visit and
research in the medical school of Kumamoto University. From August 2002 to September 2003, he served in
Mannkind Corporation as a research and development scientist of the preparation and medicine administration
science department. He was a senior scientist of the medicine administration system and medicine preparation
development department of Bausch + Lomb Inc. from September 2003 to September 2005, and a senior scientist
in the preparation and early development department of ALZA Corporation, a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson
from October 2005 to August 2007. From August 2007 to October 2017, he served as a senior scientist, a senior
scientist (deputy director level) and a deputy director in the preparation and medicine administration department
of Allergan Inc..

Mr. Shi joined the Group in November 2017. He served as the senior director of the pharmaceutical business
department of the Group and the chief engineer of Simcere Pharmaceutical from November 2017 to December
2018. From December 2018 to August 2019, he served as the executive director of the pharmaceutical business
department of the Group and the vice dean of Nanjing Research Institute (南京研究院). From August 2019 to
August 2020, he served as the general manager of Simcere Pharmaceutical. Since November 2019, he has served
as the vice president of the Group.

Mr. Shi graduated with a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in Polymer chemistry and Materials from
Tianjin University (天津大學) in September 1987 and March 1990, respectively. Mr. Shi also obtained a Ph.D. in
pharmacology from the University of British Columbia in July 2002.

Mr. WANG Feng (王峰), aged 38, joined the Group in June 2007 and was appointed as a vice president of
the Company on March 31, 2021, primarily responsible for the management of the medical and marketing
departments of the Company.




                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020       59
     Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

     Mr. Wang has nearly 14 years of experience within the Group. He joined the Group in June 2007 and held
     various positions in the Group, including as a product manager of the marketing department from June 2007 to
     September 2010, a senior product manager of marketing department from September 2010 to August 2013, a
     product director of marketing department from August 2013 to January 2016, a general manager of the marketing
     department from January 2016 to August 2017, a senior director of pharmaceutical business department of the
     Group from August 2017 to January 2018, a senior director of regulations science department from January 2018
     to December 2018, an executive director of regulations and intellectual property department (formerly known
     as the regulations science department) from December 2018 to May 2019, and a vice dean of Nanjing Research
     Institute from May 2019 to September 2020. Mr. Wang was appointed as vice president of the Group in September
     2020.

     Mr. Wang graduated from China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學) with a bachelor’s degree in
     bioengineering in July 2004, a master’s degree in microbiology and biochemistry in June 2007 and a Ph. D. in
     social management pharmacy in 2018.

     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
     Mr. BAO Jun (鮑軍), aged 38, was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company on May
     13, 2020, which took effect on June 10, 2020.

     Mr. Bao has almost 17 years of experience with the Group. He joined the Group in July 2004 and held several
     positions successively within the Group, including as a project engineer of biomedicine department from July
     2004 to July 2005, the business development manager from July 2007 to May 2009, the product manager from
     May 2009 to January 2011, the district manager and regional manager from January 2011 to July 2017, the sales
     director form July 2017 to May 2019 and the executive director of strategic development since May 2019. In June
     2020, Mr. Bao was further appointed as the secretary to the Board of the Company.

     Mr. Bao graduated with a bachelor’s degree in biotechnology from Anhui Medical University (安徽醫科大學) in
     June 2004. He also obtained a degree of master of business administration from Nanjing University in March 2013.
     Mr. Bao is currently a Ph.D. candidate in biological engineering since September 2020 in Southeast University.

     Ms. FENG Jie (馮潔), aged 35, was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company on May
     13, 2020, which took effect on June 10, 2020.

     Ms. Feng joined the Group in July 2010 and served as an assistant of board affairs to the board office from July
     2010 to March 2014. After that, Ms. Feng successively worked as a project manager of the business development
     department and the senior project manager from March 2014 to May 2019 and has been a securities affairs
     representative of the Group since May 2019.

     Ms. Feng was admitted as the associate member of both the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries
     and the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in the United Kingdom in November 2018. She
     graduated with a bachelor’s degree in engineering from the National Life Science and Technology Talent Training
     Base (國家生命科學與技術人才培養基地) and a master’s degree in social and administrative pharmacy from
     China Pharmaceutical University in July 2008 and June 2010, respectively. She also obtained a master of corporate
     governance degree from the Open University of Hong Kong (香港公開大學) in August 2018.

     Ms. MAK Po Man Cherie (麥寶文) was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company on
     September 17, 2020, which took effect on the same day.

     Ms. Mak is the vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited. She has worked for
     various professional firms and listed companies in Hong Kong, with over 16 years of experience in the fields
     of audit, accounting, corporate finance, compliance and corporate secretarial. Ms. Mak obtained a Master of
     Corporate Governance degree from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2017. She has been admitted as an
     associate member of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries and The Institute of Chartered Secretaries
     and Administrators in the United Kingdom in 2017, a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants in 2003 and a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in 2006.

60       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Independent Auditor’s Report



to the members of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (“the Company”)
and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 68 to 163, which comprise the consolidated statement
of financial position as at December 31, 2020, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and
the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended and notes to the consolidated financial statements,
including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at December 31, 2020 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of
the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020        61
     Independent Auditor’s Report
     to the members of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (continued)
     (incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

     Revenue Recognition
     Refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 90 and 91.

     The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit


     The Group’s revenue principally comprises sales of Our audit procedures to assess the timing of revenue
     pharmaceutical products to the distributors and fee recognition included the following:
     charged for provision of promotion service.
                                                           • obtaining an understanding of and assessing the
     The Group enters into framework distribution            design, implementation and operating effectiveness
     agreements with all distributors which specify the      of management’s key internal controls in relation to
     terms of sales relating to pricing, goods acceptance    revenue recognition;
     and return, as well as credit terms. The Group’s
     distribution agreements do not permit sales returns •   inspecting a sample of framework distribution
     except for where the products are defective, which      agreements, purchase order and promotion service
     is subject to approval by the Group’s quality control   contracts with key customers to identify terms and
     team. For the promotion service, the Group renews       conditions relating to goods or service acceptance
     the promotion service contracts entered into with       and the right of return and assessing the Group’s
     pharmaceutical manufacturers annually which             policies in respect of the timing of recognition of
     specifies the products to be promoted, the promotion    revenue with reference to the requirements of the
     period and intended activities.                         prevailing accounting standards;

     Revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical products is •         inspecting goods acceptance records or promotion
     recognised at the point in time when the customer             service reconciliation records, on a sample basis,
     takes possession of and accepts the products.                 to assess whether revenue transactions recorded
     Promotion income is recognised when the Group                 just before and after the financial year end date had
     satisfies its promise to arrange for the pharmaceutical       been recognised in the appropriate financial period
     products to be provided by supplier to the customer.          on the basis of the terms set out in the framework
                                                                   distribution agreements;
     We identified the timing of revenue recognition as a
     key audit matter because revenue is one of the key •          inspecting underlying documentation like reconciliation
     performance indicators of the Group and therefore             records, the list of dispatched but not accepted
     there is an inherent risk of manipulation of the timing       products for manual journal entries and adjustments
     of recognition of revenue by management to meet               relating to revenue recorded during the year which
     specific targets or expectations.                             were considered to be material or met other specific
                                                                   risk-based criteria; and

                                                             •     inspecting actual sales returns and credit notes
                                                                   recorded after the financial year end and evaluating
                                                                   whether the related adjustments to revenue had
                                                                   been recorded in the appropriate financial period.




62       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Independent Auditor’s Report
to the members of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (continued)
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Loss allowances for trade receivables
Refer to note 22 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 83 to 85.

The Key Audit Matter                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit


As at December 31, 2020, the gross amount of the Our audit procedures to assess the timing of revenue
Group’s trade receivables totaled RMB1,522,578,000, recognition included the following:
against which a loss allowance of RMB20,841,000
for expected credit losses (ECL) was recorded. The •     obtaining an understanding of and assessing the
Group’s trade receivables mainly arose from sales of     design, implementation and operating effectiveness
pharmaceutical products.                                 of key internal controls relating to credit control,
                                                         debt collection and estimating the credit loss
The Group measures the loss allowance at an amount       allowance;
equal to the lifetime ECL of the trade receivables based
on estimated loss rates for each category of trade •     evaluating the Group’s policy for estimating
receivables grouped according to the shared credit       the credit loss allowance with reference to
risk characteristics. The estimated loss rates take into the requirements of the prevailing accounting
account the ageing of trade receivable balances, the     standards;
repayment history of the Group’s customers, current
market conditions and forward-looking information. •     assessing whether items were correctly categorised
Such assessment involves significant management          in the trade receivables ageing report by comparing
judgement and estimation.                                individual items therein with sales invoices and
                                                         other relevant underlying documentation, on a
We identified the expected credit loss allowance         sample basis;
for trade receivables as a key audit matter because
determining the level of the loss allowance requires •   obtaining an understanding of the key parameters
the exercise of significant management judgement         and assumptions of the expected credit loss model
which is inherently subjective.                          adopted by the management, including the basis
                                                         of segmentation of the accounts receivable based
                                                         on credit risk characteristics of customers and the
                                                         historical default data in management’s estimated
                                                         loss rates;

                                                        •    assessing the reasonableness of management’s
                                                             loss allowance estimates by examining the
                                                             information used by management to form such
                                                             judgements, including testing the accuracy of the
                                                             historical default data and evaluating whether the
                                                             historical loss rates are appropriately adjusted
                                                             based on current economic conditions and forward-
                                                             looking information; and

                                                        •    re-performing the calculation of the loss allowance
                                                             as at December 31, 2020 based on the Group’s
                                                             credit loss allowance policies.



                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020      63
     Independent Auditor’s Report
     to the members of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (continued)
     (incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

     Fair value measurement for investments with no quoted market prices in active markets
     Refer to note 36(e) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 79 and 80.

     The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit


     The Group made investments in a wide variety of Our audit procedures to assess the fair value of
     investment funds and companies in healthcare sector investments with no quoted market prices in active
     to broaden the access to potential R&D collaboration markets included the following:
     opportunities.
                                                                • obtaining an understanding of and assessing the
     Those qualified investments are accounted for as             design and implementation of key internal controls
     financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        relating to fair value measurement for investments
     (“FVPL”) or financial assets at fair value through           with no quoted market prices on active markets;
     other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) under IFRS 9
     Financial Instruments. At December 31, 2020, the fair •      obtaining confirmations directly from the
     value of unlisted investments with no quoted market          investment fund managers to confirm the existence
     prices in active markets is RMB1,262,124,000, which          and the valuation of the Group’s investments in the
     were classified under the fair value hierarchy as level 3.   funds;

     The fair value of these investments with no quoted •          comparing the net asset value of each fund as
     market prices in active markets are determined based          reported in the most recently available audited
     on valuation techniques which require significant             financial statements to the investment fund
     unobservable inputs. The investment funds have                managers’ original estimates of the investment
     been valued based on valuations performed by                  valuation and assessing whether this has resulted
     the investment fund managers as at December 31,               in any material valuation adjustment;
     2020. Investments in companies were assessed by
     the management primarily based on independent •               for investment in companies, obtaining and
     valuation reports prepared by a firm of qualified             inspecting the valuation assessment prepared by
     external valuers or recent market transactions.               the external valuers engaged by the management
                                                                   and on which the assessment of the fair values of
     We identified the fair value measurement for these            the Group’s financial assets was based;
     investments at reporting date as a key audit matter
     because judgement and estimation are required in •            assessing the external valuers’ qualifications,
     establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the        experience and expertise in the assets being valued
     relevant inputs thereof.                                      and considering their objectivity;

                                                             •     with the assistance of our internal valuation
                                                                   specialists, on a sample basis, discussing with
                                                                   the external valuers, without the presence of
                                                                   management, and assessing their valuation
                                                                   methodologies in estimating the fair values of
                                                                   unlisted equity securities; assessing the key
                                                                   assumptions and critical judgements adopted
                                                                   and significant unobservable inputs used which
                                                                   impacted the valuation by comparing them with
                                                                   market data;

                                                             •     assessing whether the recent market transactions
                                                                   used by management to establish the fair value of
                                                                   investments are appropriate; and

                                                             •     assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures
                                                                   in the consolidated financial statements with
                                                                   reference to the requirements of the prevailing
                                                                   accounting standards.

64       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Independent Auditor’s Report
to the members of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (continued)
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information
included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020        65
     Independent Auditor’s Report
     to the members of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (continued)
     (incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (Continued)

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
     scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
          to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
          that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
          misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
          forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or the override of internal control.

     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
          appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
          the Group’s internal control.

     •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
          and related disclosures made by the directors.

     •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
          on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
          that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
          that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
          disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
          opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
          However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
          the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
          and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
          activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
          responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible
          for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
     our audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
     be thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
     applied.




66        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Independent Auditor’s Report
to the members of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (continued)
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Chan Ting Yuen.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

March 25, 2021




                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020    67
     Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss
     For the year ended December 31, 2020
     (Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                                        2020          2019
                                                                             NOTE    RMB’000       RMB’000


      Revenue                                                                 4     4,508,720     5,036,658
      Cost of sales                                                                  (899,927)     (888,486)


      Gross profit                                                                   3,608,793     4,148,172
      Other revenue                                                          5(a)      114,964        91,507
      Other net gain                                                         5(b)      326,924        15,941
      Research and development costs                                                (1,141,996)     (716,412)
      Selling and distribution expenses                                             (1,570,373)   (2,016,222)
      Administrative and other operating expenses                                     (411,476)     (351,676)


      Profit from operations                                                          926,836     1,171,310
      Finance income                                                         6(a)      26,248        34,724
      Finance costs                                                          6(a)    (133,729)     (115,955)


      Net finance costs                                                              (107,481)       (81,231)


      Share of losses of associates                                           16       (13,874)       (8,129)
      Share of losses of a joint venture                                      17          (393)         (135)


      Profit before taxation                                                  6       805,088     1,081,815
      Income tax                                                              7      (140,801)       (78,191)


      Profit for the year                                                             664,287     1,003,624


      Attributable to:
      Equity shareholders of the Company                                              669,534     1,003,624
      Non-controlling interest                                                         (5,247)            –


      Profit for the year                                                             664,287     1,003,624


      Earnings per share                                                      11
      Basic and diluted (RMB)                                                             0.28          0.43




     The notes on pages 76 to 163 form part of these financial statements.

68       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                                         2020              2019
                                                                        NOTE          RMB’000           RMB’000


 Profit for the year                                                                   664,287         1,003,624


 Other comprehensive income for the year
   (after tax adjustments)                                               10

 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
    income (FVOCI) – net movement in fair value reserves
    (non-recycling), net of tax                                                        211,287             (8,070)

 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
 Exchange difference on translation of financial statements
    of entities with functional currencies other
    than Renminbi (“RMB”)                                                              (94,954)             5,119


 Other comprehensive income for the year                                               116,333             (2,951)


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                               780,620         1,000,673


 Attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company                                                    785,867         1,000,673
 Non-controlling interest                                                               (5,247)                –


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                               780,620         1,000,673




The notes on pages 76 to 163 form part of these financial statements.

                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020       69
     Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
     (Expressed in Renminbi)



                                                                                     December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                            2020           2019
                                                                             NOTE        RMB’000        RMB’000


      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                           12        2,127,879      1,869,740
      Intangible assets                                                       13           77,108         33,768
      Goodwill                                                                14          172,788        142,474
      Interest in associates                                                  16          211,148        159,364
      Interest in a joint venture                                             17            4,672          5,065
      Prepayments and deposits                                                23          113,534        325,090
      Financial assets at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                                           18          327,655        157,189
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   19        1,231,701        901,841
      Deferred tax assets                                                    29(b)        210,093        274,698


                                                                                        4,476,578      3,869,229


      Current assets
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   19                –        543,938
      Trading securities                                                      20            3,634          3,058
      Inventories                                                             21          262,673        248,174
      Trade and bills receivables                                             22        1,871,012      1,336,916
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                             23          120,557        119,483
      Taxation recoverable                                                   29(a)         21,335            306
      Pledged deposits                                                       24(b)        917,377        290,962
      Restricted deposits                                                    24(b)              3              –
      Cash and cash equivalents                                              24(a)      3,270,241        354,804


                                                                                        6,466,832      2,897,641


      Current liabilities
      Bank loans                                                              25        1,792,940      1,643,978
      Lease liabilities                                                       26           38,098         26,206
      Trade and bills payables                                                27          242,077        254,851
      Other payables and accruals                                             28        1,323,343      1,417,945
      Taxation payable                                                       29(a)              –         85,525
      Provision                                                               30          100,700              –


                                                                                        3,497,158      3,428,505


      Net current assets/(liabilities)                                                  2,969,674       (530,864)


      Total assets less current liabilities                                             7,446,252      3,338,365


     The notes on pages 76 to 163 form part of these financial statements.

70        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (continued)
(Expressed in Renminbi)



                                                                                 December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                        2020              2019
                                                                        NOTE         RMB’000           RMB’000


 Non-current liabilities
 Bank loans                                                              25         1,275,550          1,139,171
 Lease liabilities                                                       26           193,430            131,601
 Deferred income                                                         31           447,950            470,525
 Deferred tax liabilities                                               29(b)         193,598            116,604


                                                                                    2,110,528          1,857,901


 NET ASSETS                                                                         5,335,724          1,480,464


 CAPITAL AND RESERVES
 Share capital                                                           33         3,002,871                210
 Reserves                                                                33         2,298,918          1,480,254


 Total equity attributable to equity shareholders
   of the Company                                                                   5,301,789          1,480,464
 Non-controlling interest                                                              33,935                  –


 TOTAL EQUITY                                                                       5,335,724          1,480,464


Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on March 25, 2021.

                                                        )
Ren Jinsheng                                            )
                                                        )
                                                        )
                                                        )   Directors
                                                        )
Wan Yushan                                              )
                                                        )
                                                        )




The notes on pages 76 to 163 form part of these financial statements.

                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020      71
     Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
     For the year ended December 31, 2020
     (Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                                      Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                          Fair value
                                                                                                PRC                         reserve                                        Non-
                                                                 Share       Other         statutory       Exchange            (non-       Retained                   controlling      Total
                                                                capital    reserve          reserve          reserve      recycling)         profits        Total       interest      equity
                                                    NOTE       RMB’000    RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


      Balance at January 1, 2019                                    34    478,913            418,943          28,050         (39,478)       678,672      1,565,134             –    1,565,134


      Changes in equity for 2019:
      Profit for the year                                            –           –                 –               –               –       1,003,624     1,003,624             –    1,003,624
      Other comprehensive income                     10              –           –                 –           5,119          (8,070)              –        (2,951)            –       (2,951)


      Total comprehensive income                                     –           –                 –           5,119          (8,070)      1,003,624     1,000,673             –    1,000,673
      Appropriation of reserve                     33(d)(ii)         –           –            77,757               –               –          (77,757)           –             –            –
      Appropriation of dividends                    33(b)            –           –                 –               –               –        (635,070)     (635,070)            –     (635,070)
      Ordinary shares issued                        33(c)          176           –                 –               –               –                –          176             –          176
      Disposal of financial assets at fair value
          through other comprehensive income                         –           –                 –               –            447             (447)           –              –           –
      Equity settled share-based transactions        32              –      14,151                 –               –              –                –       14,151              –      14,151
      Deemed distribution upon business
          combination under common control                           –    (464,600)                –               –               –                –     (464,600)            –     (464,600)


      Balance at December 31, 2019                                 210      28,464           496,700          33,169         (47,101)       969,022      1,480,464             –    1,480,464




     The notes on pages 76 to 163 form part of these financial statements.

72          Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                            Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                              Fair value
                                                                                        PRC                     reserve                                   Non-
                                                            Share        Other     statutory    Exchange           (non-    Retained                controlling        Total
                                                           capital     reserve       reserve      reserve     recycling)      profits         Total    interest       equity
                                               NOTE       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000   RMB’000       RMB’000


 Balance at January 1, 2020                                    210     28,464       496,700        33,169       (47,101)     969,022        1,480,464          –    1,480,464


 Changes in equity for 2020:
 Profit for the year                                              –          –            –             –             –      669,534         669,534      (5,247)    664,287
 Other comprehensive income                     10                –          –            –       (94,954)      211,287            –         116,333           –     116,333


 Total comprehensive income
 Appropriation of reserve                     33(d)(ii)           –          –       40,199             –             –          (40,199)           –          –            –
 Issue of ordinary shares by initial public
     offering and over-allotment,
     net of issuance costs                     33(c)      3,002,661          –            –             –             –                –    3,002,661          –    3,002,661
 Disposal of financial assets at fair value
     through other comprehensive income                           –         –             –             –       (12,181)         12,181            –          –            –
 Equity settled share-based transactions        32                –    32,797             –             –             –               –       32,797          –       32,797
 Acquisition of a subsidiary                    37                –         –             –             –             –               –            –     39,182       39,182


 Balance at December 31, 2020                             3,002,871    61,261       536,899       (61,785)      152,005     1,610,538       5,301,789    33,935     5,335,724




The notes on pages 76 to 163 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                     Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020                                    73
     Consolidated Cash Flow Statements
     For the year ended December 31, 2020
     (Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                                        2020         2019
                                                                             NOTE    RMB’000      RMB’000


      Operating activities
      Cash generated from operations                                         24(c)    251,399    1,037,660
      Tax paid                                                               29(a)   (154,668)    (264,857)


      Net cash generated from operating activities                                    96,731       772,803


      Investing activities
      Payment for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment                   (352,841)     (507,658)
      Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                             936         3,197
      Increase in asset-related government grants                                       9,886       166,538
      Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value
         through other comprehensive income                                           77,862          1,726
      Dividend received from financial assets at fair value
         through profit or loss                                                       64,012          1,401
      Payment for acquisition of financial assets at fair value
         through other comprehensive income                                                 –      (137,101)
      Proceeds from disposal of financial assets measured
         at fair value through profit or loss                                        686,654       972,980
      Payment for acquisition of financial assets measured
         at fair value through profit or loss                                        (103,772)   (1,272,954)
      Acquisition of subsidiaries, net                                                  1,759              –
      Payment for acquisition of interest in associates                                     –      (149,109)
      Proceeds from disposal of interest in associates                                118,418              –
      Payment for acquisition of interest in a joint venture                                –         (5,200)
      Payments of deposits for investment                                                   –      (260,351)
      Proceeds from trading securities                                                     51             47
      New loans to related parties                                                          –      (416,634)
      Repayment of loans to related parties                                                 –       900,261
      Interest received                                                                26,118       109,929


      Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                         529,083       (592,928)




     The notes on pages 76 to 163 form part of these financial statements.

74       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Consolidated Cash Flow Statements (continued)
For the year ended December 31, 2020
(Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                                         2020              2019
                                                                        NOTE          RMB’000           RMB’000


 Financing activities
 Capital element of lease rental paid                                   24(d)          (37,485)            (34,163)
 Interest element of lease rental paid                                  24(d)           (9,253)             (7,122)
 Proceeds from new bank loans                                           24(d)        2,056,618          2,605,640
 Repayment of bank loans                                                24(d)       (1,789,365)        (1,883,549)
 Interest paid                                                          24(d)         (131,925)          (141,191)
 New loans from related parties                                         24(d)           35,506              11,796
 Repayment of loans from related parties                                24(d)          (35,506)          (141,793)
 Increase in pledged deposits for banking facilities                                  (625,600)            (90,000)
 (Increase)/decrease in cash received under share
    incentive scheme                                                                  (112,029)            43,910
 Proceeds from issue of ordinary shares by initial public offering      33(c)        3,119,961                  –
 Share issuance costs paid                                              33(c)         (117,300)                 –
 Capital contribution from equity shareholders of the Company           33(c)                –                176
 Dividends paid to equity shareholders of the Company                   33(b)                –           (912,054)
 Deemed distribution upon the reorganization and business
    combination under common control                                                          –          (464,600)


 Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                              2,353,622         (1,012,950)


 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                2,979,436           (833,075)

 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                 24(a)          354,804         1,187,647

 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                               (63,999)               232


 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                       24(a)        3,270,241           354,804


 Significant non-cash investing and financing activities
 Net settlement of amounts due from and due to related parties                                –          119,170




The notes on pages 76 to 163 form part of these financial statements.

                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020        75
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


     1   GENERAL INFORMATION

         Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Hong Kong on November 30,
         2015 as a limited liability company with its registered office at 43/F, AIA Tower, 183 Electric Road, North
         Point, Hong Kong. The Company’s shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong
         Kong Limited on October 27, 2020. The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its
         subsidiaries (together, “the Group”) are principally engaged in the research and development, manufacturing
         and sales of pharmaceutical products as well as rendering promotion service of pharmaceutical products
         that are not manufactured by the Group.

     2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         (a) Statement of compliance
             These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong Financial
             Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong
             Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKAS”) and Interpretations issued
             by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally
             accepted in Hong Kong and the requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial
             statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of
             Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Significant accounting policies adopted by the
             Group are disclosed below.

              The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early
              adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information on any changes
              in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are
              relevant to the Group for the current accounting periods reflected in these financial statements.

         (b) Basis of preparation of the financial statements
             The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2020 comprise the
             Company and its subsidiaries and the Group’s interest in associates and a joint venture.

              The measurement basis used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements is the historical
              cost basis except that the following assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as explained in the
              accounting policies as set out below.

              The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to make
              judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts
              of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based
              on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the
              circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of
              assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
              these estimates

              The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
              estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
              period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
              periods.

              Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on the
              financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 3.



76        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (c) Changes in accounting policies
        The HKICPA has issued the following amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective for the current
        accounting period of the Group:

         •    Amendments to HKFRS 3, Definition of a Business

         •    Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7, Interest Rate Benchmark Reform

         •    Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8, Definition of Material

         •    Amendments to HKFRS 16, Covid 19- Related Rent Concessions

         None of these developments have had a material effect on how the Group’s results and financial
         position for the current or prior periods have been prepared or presented. The Group has not applied
         any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.

    (d) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interest
        Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has
        rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns
        through its power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive
        rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

         An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date
         that control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances and transactions
         and cash flows and any unrealized profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in
         full in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealized losses resulting from intra-group
         transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealized gains but only to the extent that there is no
         evidence of impairment.

         Non-controlling interest represents the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the
         Company, and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of
         those interests which would result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect
         of those interests that meets the definition of a financial liability. For each business combination, the
         Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interest either at fair value or at the non-controlling
         interest’s proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.

         Non-controlling interest is presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity,
         separately from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interest
         in the results of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss
         and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of
         the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interest
         and the equity shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of non-controlling interest and other
         contractual obligations towards these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated
         statement of financial position in accordance with Notes 2(p) or (q) depending on the nature of the
         liability.

         Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as
         equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling
         interest within consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are
         made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognized.



                                                        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020          77
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


     2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         (d) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interest (Continued)
             When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in
             that subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognized in profit or loss. Any interest retained in
             that former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognized at fair value and this amount is
             regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset or, when appropriate, the cost on
             initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture.

              In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
              impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a
              disposal group that is classified as held for sale).

         (e) Associates and a joint venture
             An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control,
             over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

              A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group and other parties contractually agree to share
              control of the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

              An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial
              statements under the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal
              group that is classified as held for sale). Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at
              cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the acquisition-date fair values of the investee’s
              identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any). The cost of the investment includes
              purchase price, other costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment, and any direct
              investment into the associate or joint venture that forms part of the Group’s equity investment.
              Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the
              investee’s net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see Note 2(k)(ii)). Any the
              Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for
              the year are recognized in the consolidated statements of profit or loss, whereas the Group’s share of
              the post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive income is recognized in the
              consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

              When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s
              interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the
              Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For
              this purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method
              together with any other long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in
              the associate or the joint venture.

              Unrealized profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associates or
              the joint venture are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where
              unrealized losses provide evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are
              recognized immediately in profit or loss.

              When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint
              venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or
              loss being recognized in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when
              significant influence or joint control is lost is recognized at fair value and this amount is regarded as the
              fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 2(g)).

78        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (f)   Goodwill
          Goodwill represents the excess of

          (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
                 interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
                 acquiree; over

          (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition
                 date.

          When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognized immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a
          bargain purchase.

          Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business
          combination is allocated to each cash-generating unit, or groups of cash generating units, that is
          expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination and is tested annually for impairment (see
          Note 2(k)(ii)).

          On disposal of a cash generating unit during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is
          included in the calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.

    (g) Other investments in debt and equity securities
        The Group’s policies for investments in debt and equity securities, other than investments in
        subsidiaries, associates and a joint venture, are set out below.

          Investments in debt and equity securities are recognized/derecognized on the date the Group
          commits to purchase/sell the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus directly
          attributable transaction costs, except for those investments measured at fair value through profit or
          loss (FVPL) for which transaction costs are recognized directly in profit or loss. For an explanation of
          how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see Note 36(e). These investments are
          subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.

          (i)    Investments other than equity investments
                 Non-equity investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following measurement
                 categories:

                 –    amortized cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which
                      represent solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the investment is
                      calculated using the effective interest method (see Note 2(u)(iv)).

                 –    fair value at profit or loss (FVPL) if the investment does not meet the criteria for being
                      measured at amortized cost or FVOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment
                      (including interest) are recognized in profit or loss.




                                                          Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020          79
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


     2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         (g) Other investments in debt and equity securities (Continued)
             (ii) Equity investments
                  An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless the equity investment is not held
                  for trading purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an irrevocable
                  election to designate the investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair
                  value are recognized in other comprehensive income. Such elections are made on an instrument-
                  by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the investment meets the definition of equity from
                  the issuer’s perspective. Where such an election is made, the amount accumulated in other
                  comprehensive income remains in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) until the investment
                  is disposed of. At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-
                  recycling) is transferred to retained earnings. It is not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends
                  from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are
                  recognized in profit or loss as other income in accordance with the policy set out in Note 2(u)(vi).

         (h) Property, plant and equipment
             Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost (which is, in the case of assets acquired in a business
             combination, the acquisition date fair value). Items of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost
             less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)).

              The cost of self-constructed items of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of materials,
              direct labour, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items
              and restoring the site on which they are located, and an appropriate proportion of overheads and
              borrowing costs (see Note 2(w)).

              Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are
              determined as the difference between the estimated net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of
              the item and are recognized in profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

              Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of property, plant and equipment, less their estimated
              residual value, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:

                                                                                              Estimated useful life


                Leasehold land (see Note 2(j))                                              over the period of leases
                Plant and buildings                                              5–20 years or remaining lease terms
                Machinery and equipment                                                                   3–10 years
                Furniture, fixtures and office equipment                                                   3–5 years
                Motor vehicles                                                                            5–10 years

              Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost is allocated
              on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both the useful life of
              an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.

              Construction in progress represents properties under construction and machinery and equipment
              pending installation and is stated at cost (which is, in the case of assets acquired in a business
              combination, the acquisition date fair value) less impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)). Cost comprises
              the purchase costs of the asset and the related construction and installation costs.

80        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (h) Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
        Construction in progress is transferred to property, plant and equipment when the asset is substantially
        ready for its intended use and depreciation will be provided at the appropriate rates in accordance with
        the depreciation polices specified above.

          No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress.

    (i)   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
          Expenditure on research activities is recognized as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.
          Expenditure on development activities is capitalized if the product or process is technically and
          commercially feasible and the Group has sufficient resources and the intention to complete
          development. The expenditure capitalized includes the costs of materials, direct labour, and an
          appropriate proportion of overheads. Other development expenditure is recognized as an expense in
          the period in which it is incurred.

          Intangible assets that are acquired through business combination are stated at cost (the acquisition
          date fair value) less accumulated amortization (where the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment
          losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)).

          Amortization of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line
          basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives. The following intangible assets with finite useful lives are
          amortized from the date they are available for use and their estimated useful lives are as follows:

                                                                                           Estimated useful life


           Developed technology                                                                        10–16 years
           Good Supply Practice (“GSP”) licenses                                                         3–5 years
           Product trademarks                                                                           6–10 years

          The developed technology and product trademarks of the Group are associated with different
          products arising from various business combinations and acquisitions from third parties. The useful
          lives of developed technology and product trademarks are estimated based on the remaining period
          of economic benefits to be derived from the respective products to be produced relying on the
          acquired developed technology and product trademarks. The Group estimates the period of economic
          benefits to be derived from the respective products based on the expected time period required
          for a pharmaceutical drug development from its discovery to commercialization and other factors,
          including the patent protection period, the historical life of similar products, the characteristics of
          such technologies, their update frequency and market requirement and competition. Based on such
          assessment, the Group considers that the maximum economic useful life of developed technology
          and product trademarks held by the Group is 16 years. As the different products have different
          commercialization commencement dates, acquisition dates by the Group and the expected lifespan
          of economic benefits, the remaining useful life of the Group’s developed technology and product
          trademarks varies at a range of 10–16 and 6–10 years, respectively.

          The useful lives of GSP licenses are estimated based on the remaining valid period of the GSP licenses.

          Both the period and method of amortization are reviewed annually.

                                                        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020         81
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


     2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
         (j)   Leased assets
               At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is,
               or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period
               of time in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to
               direct the use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

               (i)   As a lessee
                     Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has
                     elected not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any
                     associated non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.

                     At the lease commencement date, the Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability,
                     except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value
                     assets. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides
                     whether to capitalize the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments associated with
                     those leases which are not capitalized are recognized as an expense on a systematic basis over
                     the lease term.

                     Where the lease is capitalized, the lease liability is initially recognized at the present value of the
                     lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the
                     lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate.
                     After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortized cost and interest expense is
                     calculated using the effective interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
                     index or rate are not included in the measurement of the lease liability and hence are charged to
                     profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are incurred.

                     The right-of-use asset recognized when a lease is capitalized is initially measured at cost, which
                     comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the
                     commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-
                     of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset
                     or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their present
                     value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less
                     accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see Notes 2(h) and 2(k)(ii)).

                     The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a
                     change in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to
                     be payable under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment
                     of whether the Group will be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination
                     option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to
                     the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount
                     of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

                     The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or
                     the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease
                     modification”) that is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is
                     remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at
                     the effective date of the modification.

                     In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities is
                     determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve
                     months after the reporting period.

                     The Group presents right-of-use assets in ‘property, plant and equipment’ and presents ‘lease
                     liabilities’ separately in the consolidated statement of financial position.

82        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (j)   Leased assets (Continued)
          (ii) As a lessor
               When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance
               lease or an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the
               risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the
               case, the lease is classified as an operating lease.

               When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration
               in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income
               from operating leases is recognized in accordance with Note 2(u)(iii).

    (k) Credit losses and impairment of assets
        (i) Credit losses from financial instruments
            The Group recognizes a loss allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) on financial assets
            measured at amortized cost (including cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables and
            loans to related parties and third parties).

               Financial assets measured at fair value are not subject to the ECL assessment.

               Measurement of ECLs
               ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the
               present value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the
               Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

               The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following discount rates where the effect of
               discounting is material:

               –    fixed-rate financial assets and trade and other receivables: effective interest rate determined
                    at initial recognition or an approximation thereof; and

               –    variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate.

               The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over
               which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

               In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that
               is available without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current
               conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

               ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

               –    12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events
                    within the 12 months after the reporting date; and

               –    lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over
                    the expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.



                                                          Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020            83
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


     2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         (k) Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
             (i) Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)
                 Measurement of ECLs (Continued)
                 Loss allowances for trade and other receivables are always measured at an amount equal to
                 lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the
                 Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and
                 an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.

                   For all other financial instruments, the Group recognizes a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs
                   unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial
                   recognition, in which case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

                   Significant increases in credit risk
                   In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since
                   initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument
                   assessed at the reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this
                   reassessment, the Group considers that a default event occurs when (i) the debtor is unlikely to
                   pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as
                   realizing security (if any is held); or (ii) the financial asset is twelve months past due. The Group
                   considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable,
                   including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost
                   or effort.

                   In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
                   has increased significantly since initial recognition:

                   –    failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

                   –    an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal
                        credit rating (if available);

                   –    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

                   –    existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that
                        have a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

                   Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in
                   credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is
                   performed on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk
                   characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

                   ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit
                   risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognized as an impairment gain or
                   loss in profit or loss. The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments
                   with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.




84        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (k) Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
        (i) Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)
            Basis of calculation of interest income
            Interest income recognized in accordance with Note 2(u)(iv) is calculated based on the gross
            carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case
            interest income is calculated based on the amortized cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss
            allowance) of the financial asset.

              At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial
              asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
              future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

              Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

              –    significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

              –    a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments;

              –    it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial
                   reorganization;

              –    significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have an
                   adverse effect on the debtor; or

              –    the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the
                   issuer.

              Write-off policy
              The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the
              extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group
              determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate
              sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

              Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognized as a reversal of
              impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.




                                                          Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020    85
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


     2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         (k) Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
             (ii) Impairment of other non-current assets
                  Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to
                  identify indications that the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of goodwill, an
                  impairment loss previously recognized no longer exists or may have decreased:

                   –    property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets;

                   –    intangible assets;

                   –    goodwill;

                   –    interest in associates and a joint venture; and

                   –    interest in subsidiaries in the Company’s statement of financial position.

                   If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill,
                   the recoverable amount is estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment:

                   –    Calculation of recoverable amount
                        The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs to sell and value in
                        use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
                        value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value
                        of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows
                        largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the
                        smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating
                        unit).

                   –    Recognition of impairment losses
                        An impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the
                        cash-generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses
                        recognized in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
                        amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to
                        reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata
                        basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair
                        value less costs to sell, or value in use (if determinable).

                   –    Reversals of impairment losses
                        In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been
                        a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An
                        impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

                        A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would
                        have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized in prior years. Reversals
                        of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are
                        recognized.



86        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (l)   Inventories
          Inventories are assets which are held for sale in the ordinary course of business, in the process of
          production for such sale or in the form of materials or supplies to be consumed in the production
          process or in the rendering of services.

          Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realizable value.

          Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase,
          costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location
          and condition. In the case of work in progress, costs include direct labour and appropriate share of
          overheads based on normal operating capacity.

          Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated
          costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

          When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognized as an expense in the
          period in which the related revenue is recognized.

          The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realizable value and all losses of inventories are
          recognized as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of
          any write-down of inventories is recognized as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognized as
          an expense in the period in which the reversal occurs.

    (m) Contract liabilities
        A contract liability is recognized when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognizes
        the related revenue (see Note 2(u)). A contract liability would also be recognized if the Group has an
        unconditional right to receive consideration before the Group recognizes the related revenue. In such
        cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognized (see Note 2(n)).

    (n) Trade and other receivables
        A receivable is recognized when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right
        to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
        consideration is due.

          Receivables are stated at amortized cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit
          losses (see Note 2(k)(i)).

    (o) Cash and cash equivalents
        Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
        financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
        amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within
        three months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for expected credit
        losses (ECL) in accordance with the policy set out in Note 2(k)(i).




                                                        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020       87
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


     2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         (p) Interest-bearing borrowings
             Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequent to
             initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortized cost using the effective interest
             method. Interest expense is recognized in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for borrowing
             costs (see Note 2(w)).

         (q) Trade and other payables
             Trade and other payables are initially recognized at fair value and are subsequently stated at amortized
             cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost.

         (r)   Employee benefits
               (i) Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement
                   plans
                   Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
                   and the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services
                   are rendered by employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be
                   material, these amounts are stated at their present values.

                   Contributions to local retirement schemes pursuant to the relevant labour rules and regulations in
                   the jurisdictions in which the Group’s subsidiaries located are recognized as an expense in profit
                   or loss as incurred, except to the extent that they are included in the cost of inventories not yet
                   recognized as an expense.

               (ii) Share-based payments
                    Restricted shares
                    The fair value of share-based payment awards (i.e. restricted shares) granted to employees is
                    recognized as an employee cost with a corresponding increase in a capital reserve within equity.
                    The fair value of the restricted shares is measured at grant date by reference to the market price
                    or the valuer’s valuation of the underlying shares. Where the employees have to meet vesting
                    conditions before becoming unconditionally entitled to the restricted shares, the total estimated
                    fair value of the restricted shares is spread over the vesting period, taking into account the
                    probability that the restricted shares will vest.

                   During the vesting period, the number of restricted shares that is expected to vest is reviewed. Any
                   resulting adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognized in prior years is charged/credited to
                   the profit or loss for the year of the review. On vesting date, the amount recognized as an expense
                   is adjusted to reflect the actual number of restricted shares that vest (with a corresponding
                   adjustment to the capital reserve).




88        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (s) Income tax
        Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities.
        Current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in profit or loss except
        to the extent that they relate to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
        in which case the relevant amounts of tax are recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in
        equity, respectively.

         Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
         substantively enacted at the end of each reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect
         of previous years.

         Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively,
         being the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
         purposes and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax
         credits.

         Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent
         that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilized,
         are recognized. Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising
         from deductible temporary differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable
         temporary differences, provided those differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same
         taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the
         deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset
         can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing
         taxable temporary differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax
         losses and credits, that is, those differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation
         authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the
         tax loss or credit can be utilized.

         The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary
         differences arising from the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor
         taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences relating
         to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls
         the timing of the reversal and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable
         future, or in the case of deductible differences, unless it is probable that they will reverse in the future.

         The amount of deferred tax recognized is measured based on the expected manner of realization or
         settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively
         enacted at the end of each reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

         The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is
         reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow
         the related tax benefit to be utilized. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes
         probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available.




                                                        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020           89
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


     2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         (s) Income tax (Continued)
             Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognized when the liability to
             pay the related dividends is recognized.

               Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from
               each other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred
               tax assets against deferred tax liabilities, if the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current
               tax assets against current tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

               –    in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle
                    on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

               –    in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same
                    taxation authority on either:

                    –    the same taxable entity; or

                    –    different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of
                         deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realize
                         the current tax assets and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realize and settle
                         simultaneously.

         (t)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
               Provisions are recognized when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a
               past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation
               and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated
               at the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation.

               Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
               estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow
               of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the
               occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities
               unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

         (u) Revenue and other income
             Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision of
             services or the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the Group’s
             business.

               Revenue is recognized when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, or the
               lessee has the right to use the asset, at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is
               expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes
               value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.




90        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (u) Revenue and other income (Continued)
        Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the
        customer for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable,
        discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with
        the customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the effective interest method. Where
        the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the
        Group, revenue recognized under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract
        liability under the effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in
        paragraph 63 of HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing
        component if the period of financing is 12 months or less.

         Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

         (i)   Sale of pharmaceutical products
               Revenue is recognized when the customer takes possession of and accepts the products.

         (ii) Promotion service income
              Promotion service income is recognized when the Group satisfies its promise to arrange for the
              pharmaceutical products to be provided by supplier to the customer.

         (iii) Rental income from operating leases
               Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognized in profit or loss in equal
               instalments over the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more
               representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease
               incentives granted are recognized in profit or loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease
               payments receivable.

         (iv) Interest income
              Interest income is recognized as it accrues using the effective interest method.

         (v) Government grants
             Government grants are recognized in the statement of financial position initially when there is
             reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions
             attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognized
             as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses
             are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are presented in the
             consolidated statements of financial position by setting up the grant as deferred income and
             consequently are effectively recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the useful life of
             the asset.

         (vi) Dividends
              Dividend income is recognized when the shareholder’s right to receive payment is established.




                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020         91
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


     2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         (v) Translation of foreign currencies
             Foreign currency transactions are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction
             dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign
             exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognized in
             profit or loss.

              Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
              are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The transaction date
              is the date on which the company initially recognizes such non-monetary assets or liabilities. Non-
              monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are
              translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.

              The results of foreign operations are translated into RMB at the exchange rates approximating the
              foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. The resulting exchange differences are
              recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the exchange
              reserve.

         (w) Borrowing costs

              Borrowing costs that directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset
              which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are
              capitalized as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which
              they are incurred.

              The capitalization of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when
              expenditure for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are
              necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalization of borrowing
              costs is suspended or ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying
              asset for its intended use or sale are interrupted or complete.

         (x) Related parties
             (a) A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                   (i)    has control or joint control over the Group;

                   (ii)   has significant influence over the Group; or

                   (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.




92        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (x) Related parties (Continued)
        (b) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

              (i)    The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                     subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

              (ii)   One entity is an associate or a joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or a joint
                     venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

              (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

              (iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                   entity.

              (v)    The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group
                     or an entity related to the Group.

              (vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

              (vii) A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                    management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

              (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                     personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

         Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence,
         or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

    (y) Segment reporting
        Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements,
        are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive
        management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the
        Group’s various lines of business and geographical locations.

         Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
         segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products
         and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to
         distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating
         segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these
         criteria.




                                                         Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020        93
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


     3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

         Key sources of estimation uncertainty
         Notes 14, 18, 19, 20, 36(e) and 32 contains information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating
         to goodwill impairment, fair value of financial assets and fair value of restricted shares granted. Other key
         sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:

         (i)   Impairments of non-financial assets
               If circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable, the asset may
               be considered “impaired”, and an impairment loss may be recognized in profit or loss. The carrying
               amounts of assets are reviewed periodically in order to assess whether the recoverable amounts have
               declined below the carrying amounts. These assets are tested for impairment whenever events or
               changes in circumstances indicate that their recorded carrying amounts may not be recoverable. When
               such a decline has occurred, the carrying amount is reduced to recoverable amount.

               The recoverable amount is the greater of the fair value less costs to sell and the value in use. In
               determining the value in use, expected cash flows generated by the asset are discounted to their
               present value, which requires significant judgement relating to level of sales volume, sales revenue and
               amount of operating costs. The Group uses all readily available information in determining an amount
               that is a reasonable approximation of recoverable amount, including estimates based on reasonable
               and supportable assumptions and projections of sales volume, sales revenue and amount of operating
               costs.

         (ii) Net realizable value of inventories
              Net realizable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less
              estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. These estimates
              are based on the current market conditions and the historical experience of selling products with
              similar nature. Any change in the assumptions would increase or decrease the amount of inventories
              write-down or the related reversals of write-down made in prior years and affect the Group’s net assets
              value. The Group reassesses these estimates annually.

         (iii) Impairment of trade and other receivables
               The Group estimates the amount of loss allowance for ECLs on trade and other receivables that are
               measured at amortized cost based on the credit risk of the respective financial instruments. The loss
               allowance amount is measured as the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated
               future cash flows with the consideration of expected future credit loss of the respective financial
               instrument. The assessment of the credit risk of the respective financial instrument involves high degree
               of estimation and uncertainty. When the actual future cash flows are less than expected or more than
               expected, a material impairment loss or a material reversal of impairment loss may arise, accordingly.

         (iv) Depreciation and amortization
              Items of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are depreciated or amortized on a
              straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, after taking into account the estimated
              residual value. The Group reviews the estimated useful lives of the assets regularly in order to
              determine the amount of depreciation and amortization expense to be recorded during any reporting
              period. The useful lives are based on the Group’s historical experience with similar assets and taking
              into account anticipated technological changes. The depreciation and amortization expense for future
              periods are adjusted if there are significant changes from previous estimates.



94        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

    Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
    (v) Income tax
        Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain
        transactions. The Group carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set
        up accordingly. The tax treatment of such transactions is reconsidered periodically to take into account
        all changes in tax legislation.

         Deferred tax assets are recognized for temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax assets
         can only be recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against
         which the unused tax credits can be utilized, management’s judgement is required to assess the
         probability of future taxable profits. Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and deferred tax
         assets are recognized only if it becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax
         asset to be recovered.

4   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

    (a) Revenue
        The principal activities of the Group are research and development, manufacturing and sales of
        pharmaceutical products as well as rendering promotion service of pharmaceutical products that are
        not manufactured by the Group.

         (i)   Disaggregation of revenue
               Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by business lines is as follows:

                                                                                           2020               2019
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


                Sales of pharmaceutical products                                       4,229,788          4,800,323
                Promotion service income                                                 278,932            236,335


                                                                                       4,508,720          5,036,658


               The Group’s revenue from contracts with customers was recognized at point in time for the year
               ended December 31, 2020.

               The Group’s customer base is diversified and nil (2019: nil) customers with whom transactions
               have exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020. Details of
               concentrations of credit risk arising from the customers are set out in Note 36(a).

         (ii) Revenue expected to be recognized in the future arising from contracts with customers
              in existence at the reporting date
              The Group has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of HKFRS 15 to its sales contracts
              for goods such that information about revenue expected to be recognized in the future is not
              disclosed in respect of revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it satisfies the remaining
              performance obligations under the contracts for sales of goods that had an expected duration of
              one year or less.

                                                        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020          95
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


     4   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

         (b) Segment reporting
             Operating segments are identified on the basis of internal reports that the Group’s most senior
             executive management reviews regularly in allocating resources to segments and in assessing their
             performances.

              The Group’s most senior executive management makes resources allocation decisions based on
              internal management functions and assess the Group’s business performance as one integrated
              business instead of by separate business lines or geographical regions. Accordingly, the Group has only
              one operating segment and therefore, no segment information is presented.

              HKFRS 8, Operating Segments, requires identification and disclosure of information about an entity’s
              geographical areas, regardless of the entity’s organization (i.e. even if the entity has a single reportable
              segment). The Group operates within one geographical location because primarily all of its revenue was
              generated in the PRC and primarily all of its non-current operating assets and capital expenditure were
              located/incurred in the PRC. Accordingly, no geographical information is presented.

     5   OTHER REVENUE AND OTHER NET GAIN

         (a) Other revenue

                                                                                                       2020                 2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


                Government grants (Note)                                                               88,647              65,885
                Rental income                                                                          10,029              15,198
                Property management income                                                              4,847               3,911
                Consulting and technology service income                                                3,369               2,614
                Others                                                                                  8,072               3,899


                                                                                                     114,964               91,507

              Note:

              During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Group received unconditional government grants of RMB54,783,000 (2019:
              RMB40,568,000) as rewards of the Group’s contribution to technology innovation and regional economic development.

              During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Group received conditional government grants of RMB9,886,000 (2019:
              RMB166,538,000) as subsidies for plant relocation and construction and recognized such grants of RMB32,384,000 (2019:
              RMB10,255,000) in the consolidated statements of profit or loss when related conditions were satisfied. During the year
              ended December 31, 2020, the Group received conditional government grants of RMB9,620,000 (2019: RMB3,700,000) as
              encouragement of technology research and development and recognized such type of grants of RMB1,480,000 (2019:
              RMB15,062,000) in the consolidated statements of profit when related conditions were satisfied.




96        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


5   OTHER REVENUE AND OTHER NET GAIN (Continued)

    (b) Other net gain

                                                                                                   2020                   2019
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000


           Net foreign exchange loss                                                              (46,228)               (1,633)
           Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                   (3,361)               (3,483)
           Net realized and unrealized gains on trading securities                                    627                   819
           Net realized and unrealized gains on financial assets
             at fair value through profit or loss                                                464,309                20,238
           Net gain on disposal of interest in associate                                           8,963                     –
           Net gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                    1,552                     –
           Gain arising from business combination (Note 37)                                        1,762                     –
           Provision for penalty (Note 30)                                                      (100,700)                    –


                                                                                                 326,924                15,941


6   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

    Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

    (a) Net finance costs

                                                                                                   2020                   2019
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000


           Interest income from bank deposits                                                     (26,118)              (13,373)
           Interest income from loans to related parties                                             (130)              (21,351)


           Finance income                                                                         (26,248)              (34,724)


           Interest expenses on bank loans                                                       133,559               108,661
           Interest expenses on loans from related parties                                           298                 6,606
           Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                  9,253                 7,122

           Less: borrowing costs capitalized as construction in progress (Note)                    (9,381)               (6,434)


           Finance costs                                                                         133,729               115,955


           Net finance costs                                                                     107,481                81,231

         Note:

         The borrowing costs for the year ended December 31, 2020 have been capitalized at rate 4.35% (2019: 4.35%).



                                                            Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020                97
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


     6   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION (Continued)

         (b) Staff costs

                                                                                                             2020                  2019
                                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


                Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                       1,096,326               884,604
                Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans (Note)                               28,548                49,421
                Equity settled share-based payment expenses (Note 32)                                       32,797                14,151

                                                                                                         1,157,671               948,176

              Note:

              Employees of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement plans
              administered and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries contribute funds which are
              calculated on certain percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal government to the plan
              to fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

              The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as incurred and
              not reduced by contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the plans prior to vesting fully in
              the contributions. The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of retirement benefits
              associated with the scheme beyond the annual contributions described above.

         (c) Other items

                                                                                                             2020                  2019
                                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


                Cost of inventories recognized as expenses (Note i)                                         679,972              677,361
                Depreciation charge
                   – owned property, plant and equipment                                                   158,634               105,818
                   – right-of-use assets                                                                    46,335                41,114
                Amortization of intangible assets                                                           17,360                15,577
                Research and development costs (Note ii)                                                 1,141,996               716,412
                Provision for impairment loss on trade and other receivables                                 6,735                 1,657
                Provision for write-down of inventories                                                     20,962                 5,745
                Auditors’ remuneration
                   – audit services                                                                           3,820                 3,100
                   – non-audit services (Note iii)                                                            4,520                   183
                Listing expenses                                                                             26,653                     –

              Notes:

              (i)     Cost of inventories recognized as expenses includes amounts relating to staff costs, depreciation and amortization
                      expenses, provision for write-down of inventories, which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed
                      separately above or in Note 6(b) for each of these types of expenses.

              (ii)    Research and development costs include amounts relating to staff costs, depreciation and amortization expenses,
                      which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above or in Note 6(b) for each of these
                      types of expenses.

              (iii)   During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Group recognized auditors’ remuneration for non-audit services in
                      respect of initial public offering of RMB4,300,000, which is also included in the listing expenses disclosed separately
                      above.


98        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


7   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS

    (a) Taxation in the consolidated statements of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                       2020                  2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000


           Current tax
           PRC Corporate Income Tax
           Provision for the year                                                                      50,215              197,100
           (Over)/under-provision in respect of prior years                                            (4,158)                 609


                                                                                                       46,057              197,709


           Deferred tax
           Origination and reversal of temporary differences (Note 29(b))                              94,744              (119,518)


           Total income tax expense                                                                   140,801                78,191

         Notes:

         (i)    Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Hong Kong, the Company and the subsidiary in Hong Kong were
                liable to the Hong Kong Profits Tax at a rate of 16.5% during the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. During
                the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company and the Group’s subsidiary in Hong Kong did not have
                assessable profits which are subject to profit tax in Hong Kong.

         (ii)   The PRC subsidiaries of the Group are subject to PRC Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) at a statutory rate of 25%, except
                for the following specified subsidiaries:

                According to the Administrative Measures for Determination of High-Tech Enterprises (Guokefahuo [2016] No. 32),
                Hainan Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hainan Simcere”) obtained the qualification as a high-tech enterprise and
                was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2017 to 2019.

                Shandong Simcere Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shandong Simcere”) obtained the qualification as a high-tech
                enterprise and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2017 to 2019.

                Wuhu Simcere Zhongren Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Wuhu Simcere”) obtained the qualification as a high-tech
                enterprise and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2017 to 2019.

                Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Simcere Pharmaceutical”, formerly known as Nanjing Simcere Dongyuan
                Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) obtained the qualification as a high-tech enterprise and was entitled to a preferential
                income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2018 to 2020.

                Hainan Simcere, Shandong Simcere and Wuhu Simcere renewed the qualification in 2020 and was entitled to a
                preferential income tax rate of 15% from 2020 to 2022.

                According to the prevailing PRC CIT law and its relevant regulations, non-PRC tax resident enterprises are levied
                withholding tax on dividends from their PRC resident investees for intra-group earnings accumulated beginning on
                January 1, 2008, at 10% (unless reduced by tax treaties or similar arrangements), respectively. Undistributed earnings
                generated prior to 2008 are exempt from such withholding tax.

                Under the arrangement between the Mainland China and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance
                of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income and its relevant regulations,
                dividends paid by a PRC resident enterprise to its direct holding company in Hong Kong will be subject to withholding
                tax at a reduced rate of 5% (if the Hong Kong investor is the “beneficial owner” and owns directly at least 25% of the
                equity interest of the PRC resident enterprise for the past twelve months before the dividends distribution). The Group
                met the beneficial owner requirements in 2020 and 2019 and were entitled to a preferential rate of 5% since 2019.




                                                                Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020                   99
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  7   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
      (Continued)

      (a) Taxation in the consolidated statements of profit or loss represents (Continued):
           Notes: (Continued)

           (iii)   Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of the United States, the Group’s subsidiaries in the United States
                   were liable to United States federal income tax determined by income ranges and state income tax during the year
                   ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. The Group’s subsidiaries in the United States did not have assessable profits
                   during the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.

           (iv)    Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of the United Kingdom, the Group’s subsidiary in the United Kingdom
                   was liable to the United Kingdom corporation tax at a rate of 19% during the year ended December 31, 2020 and
                   2019.

           (v)     Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Finland, the Group’s subsidiary in Finland was liable to Finnish
                   income tax at a rate of 20% during the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.

           (vi)    Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands, the Group is not subject to any income tax in the
                   Cayman Islands.


      (b) Reconciliation between tax expense and profit before taxation at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                        2020                  2019
                                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000


             Profit before taxation                                                                   805,088             1,081,815


             Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated using
               the PRC statutory tax rate of 25%                                                      201,272               270,454
             Tax effect of different tax rates                                                        (86,254)             (134,456)
             Tax effect of non-deductible expenses (Note)                                              32,249                 21,389
             Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                          (5,014)                 (6,340)
             Tax effect of tax losses not recognized                                                   65,904                   6,293
             Tax effect of temporary differences not recognized                                         5,851                   2,553
             Tax effect of bonus deduction for research and development costs                         (72,472)               (54,169)
             Tax effect of change in tax rates                                                          3,421                 10,630
             Tax effect of previously unrecognized tax losses now utilized                             (5,989)                   (152)
             Tax effect of previously unrecognized temporary differences
               now utilized                                                                             (4,034)                   –
             Provision/(reversal) of withholding tax on undistributed profits                           10,005              (38,620)
             (Over)/under-provision in prior years                                                      (4,138)                 609


             Actual tax expense                                                                       140,801                78,191

           Note:

           Tax effect of non-deductible expenses mainly represented tax effect of equity settled share-based payment expenses,
           losses on financial assets with capital in nature, expenses incurred by entities without assessable profits and other non-
           deductible expenses.




100    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


8   DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

    Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and
    Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

                                                            Salaries,
                                                         allowances                 Retirement                Share-based
                                           Directors’   and benefits Discretionary      scheme                  payments        2020
                                                fees         in kind      bonuses contributions   Sub-Total         (note)     Total
                                            RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


    Executive directors
    Ren Jinsheng                                   –          1,494           360           16       1,870               –     1,870
    Wan Yushan
      (appointed on November 19, 2019)             –          1,074          2,962          16       4,052          1,630      5,682
    Zhang Cheng
      (appointed on November 19, 2019)             –          3,417          2,747          28       6,192          3,261      9,453
    Tang Renhong
      (appointed on November 19, 2019)             –          1,717          1,315          36       3,068          2,570      5,638

    Non-Executive directors
    Zhao John Huan
       (appointed on November 19, 2019)            –              –              –            –           –              –         –
    Zhang Yi
      (appointed on November 19, 2019,
      resigned on June 1, 2020)                    –              –              –            –           –              –         –

    Independent non-executive directors
    Wang Xinhua
       (appointed on November 19, 2019)          360              –              –            –        360               –       360
    Song Ruilin
       (appointed on November 19, 2019)          360              –              –            –        360               –       360
    Wang Jianguo
        (appointed on November 19, 2019)         360              –              –            –        360               –       360


                                               1,080          7,702          7,384          96      16,262          7,461     23,723




                                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020          101
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  8   DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

                                                             Salaries,
                                                          allowances                       Retirement                Share-based
                                            Directors’   and benefits    Discretionary        scheme                   payments        2019
                                                 fees          in kind        bonuses    contributions   Sub-Total         (note)      Total
                                             RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


      Executive directors
      Ren Jinsheng                                  –           1,496             360              38       1,894              –       1,894
      Wan Yushan
        (appointed on November 19, 2019)            –           1,032               –              38       1,070            471       1,541
      Zhang Cheng
        (appointed on November 19, 2019)            –           1,374           1,332              11       2,717            815       3,532
      Tang Renhong
        (appointed on November 19, 2019)            –             820             659              32       1,511            643       2,154

      Non-Executive directors
      Zhao John Huan
        (appointed on November 19, 2019)            –               –               –               –           –              –          –
      Zhang Yi
        (appointed on November 19, 2019,
        resigned on June 1, 2020)                   –               –               –               –           –              –          –

      Independent non-executive directors
      Wang Xinhua
        (appointed on November 19, 2019)           30               –               –               –          30              –         30
      Song Ruilin
        (appointed on November 19, 2019)           30               –               –               –          30              –         30
      Wang Jianguo
        (appointed on November 19, 2019)           30               –               –               –          30              –         30


                                                   90           4,722           2,351             119       7,282          1,929       9,211


      Mr. Wan Yushan, Mr. Zhang Cheng and Dr. Tang Renhong were appointed as executive directors of the
      Company on November 19, 2019. All the executive directors are key management personnel of the Group
      for the year ended December 31, 2020 and their remuneration disclosed above include those for services
      rendered by them as key management personnel.

      Note:

      These represent the estimated value of restricted shares granted to the directors under the Company’s share incentive scheme.
      The value of these restricted shares is measured according to the Group’s accounting policies for share-based payment
      transactions and, in accordance with that policy, includes adjustments to reverse amounts accrued in previous years where
      grants of equity instruments are forfeited prior to vesting.

      The details of these benefits in kind, including the principal terms and number of restricted shares granted,
      are disclosed in Note 32.




102    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


9   INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

    Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, three (2019: one) are directors whose emoluments are
    disclosed in Note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the remaining individuals are as follows:

                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                         7,937             8,544
      Discretionary bonuses                                                             2,967             5,012
      Retirement scheme contributions                                                      31               103
      Share-based payments                                                              5,435             2,095

                                                                                      16,370            15,754

    The emoluments of the two (2019: four) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following
    bands:

                                                                                        2020              2019
                                                                                  Number of         Number of
                                                                                  individuals       individuals


      RMB3,000,001 to RMB3,500,000                                                             –               1
      RMB3,500,001 to RMB4,000,000                                                             –               1
      RMB4,000,001 to RMB4,500,000                                                             1               1
      RMB4,500,001 to RMB5,000,000                                                             –               1
      RMB12,000,001 to RMB12,500,000                                                           1               –

10 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
    Tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income

                                                                          Financial assets
                                                                              at fair value
                                                                            through other
                                                           Exchange       comprehensive
                                                         differences         income – net
                                                       on translation    movement in fair
                                                          of financial     value reserves
                                                         statements        (non-recycling)               Total
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000

      For the year ended December 31, 2019
      Before-tax amount                                         5,119                (9,348)              (4,229)
      Tax benefit                                                   –                 1,278                1,278

      Net-of-tax amount                                         5,119                (8,070)              (2,951)

      For the year ended December 31, 2020
      Before-tax amount                                       (94,954)            248,328              153,374
      Tax expense                                                   –             (37,041)             (37,041)

      Net-of-tax amount                                       (94,954)            211,287              116,333



                                                     Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020        103
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  11 EARNINGS PER SHARE

      The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity
      shareholders of the Company of RMB669,534,000 (2019: RMB1,003,624,000) and the weighted average of
      2,392,638,339 ordinary shares (2019: RMB2,345,117,618 after adjusting the share issue at nominal value
      pursuant to a written resolution of the board of directors of the Company passed on June 21, 2019) in issue
      during the year, calculated as follows:

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                                        2020                2019


        Ordinary shares at January 1                                                         2,345,117,618                40,000
        Effect of shares issued at nominal value (Note i)                                                –         2,345,077,618
        Effect of shares issued by initial public offering (Note 33(c))                         47,520,721                     –

        Weighted average number of ordinary shares at December 31                            2,392,638,339         2,345,117,618

      Notes:

      (i)   The number of ordinary shares outstanding before the shares issue at nominal value (Note 33(c)(i)) was adjusted for the
            proportionate increase in the number of ordinary shares outstanding without a corresponding change in resources, as if
            the shares issue at nominal value had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented.


      Diluted earnings per share is equal to basic earnings per share as there were no dilutive potential shares
      outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.




104    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


12 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

    (a) Reconciliation of carrying amount

                                                                                      Furniture,
                                                                      Machinery         fixtures
                                            Leasehold   Plant and           and       and office      Motor Construction
                                                 Land   buildings     equipment      equipment      vehicles in progress         Total
                                              RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


           Cost:
           At January 1, 2019                 199,706     625,590        515,241          79,402     34,867       449,220      1,904,026

           Additions                           22,890     199,897        112,359          18,671       1,385       292,865       648,067
           Transfers                                –     337,297        118,484           4,479           –      (460,260)            –
           Disposals                                –       (2,164)       (84,116)       (14,481)     (4,172)            –      (104,933)


           At December 31, 2019 and
              January 1, 2020                222,596    1,160,620       661,968          88,071      32,080      281,825      2,447,160

           Business combination (Note 37)          –           –              –             174           –             –          174
           Additions                             814     149,865        108,703          34,032       2,601       171,216      467,231
           Transfers                               –     192,546        170,250          23,182         635      (386,613)           –
           Disposals                               –      (6,630)       (37,369)         (5,156)     (3,196)            –      (52,351)


           At December 31, 2020              223,410    1,496,401       903,552         140,303      32,120       66,428      2,862,214


           Accumulated depreciation:
           At January 1, 2019                  22,335     136,616        285,862          54,729     29,022              –      528,564

           Charge for the year                  4,141      76,456         54,003          10,543       1,789             –      146,932
           Written back on disposals                –        (442)       (79,495)        (13,986)     (4,153)            –       (98,076)


           At December 31, 2019 and
              January 1, 2020                  26,476    212,630        260,370          51,286      26,658              –     577,420

           Charge for the year                  4,645    106,978         69,785          21,532       2,029              –     204,969
           Written back on disposals                –     (4,576)       (35,545)         (4,737)     (3,196)             –     (48,054)


           At December 31, 2020                31,121    315,032        294,610          68,081      25,491              –     734,335


           Net book value:
           At December 31, 2019               196,120     947,990        401,598          36,785      5,422       281,825      1,869,740


           At December 31, 2020              192,289    1,181,369       608,942          72,222       6,629       66,428      2,127,879



                                                             Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020                        105
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  12 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

      (a) Reconciliation of carrying amount (Continued)

           Notes:

           (i)    As at December 31, 2020, property certificates of certain properties and leasehold land with an aggregate net book
                  value of RMB495,150,000 (2019: RMB349,352,000) is yet to be obtained.

           (ii)   Certain property, plant and equipment of the Group were pledged as security for bank loans. Details are set out as
                  follows:

                                                                                                       2020                 2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


                    Leasehold land                                                                     14,217              53,991
                    Plant and buildings                                                               157,341             224,935


                    Aggregate carrying value of pledged property, plant and equipment                 171,558             278,926


      (b) Right-of-use assets
          The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:

                                                                                                      2020                 2019
                                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000


             Leasehold land                                                                         192,289              196,120
             Plant and buildings                                                                    224,890              155,374


                                                                                                    417,179              351,494


           The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognized in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                      2020                 2019
                                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000


             Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class of
               underlying asset:
             Leasehold land                                                                           4,645                4,141
             Plant and buildings                                                                     41,690               36,973


                                                                                                     46,335               41,114


             Interest on lease liabilities (Note 6(a))                                                9,253                 7,122
             Expense relating to short-term leases                                                   10,581                 7,558




106    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


12 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

    (b) Right-of-use assets (Continued)
        During the year ended December 31, 2020, additions to right-of-use assets was RMB112,020,000
        (2019: RMB158,192,000). The additions included the increase of leasehold land of RMB814,000 (2019:
        RMB22,890,000) during the year ended December 31, 2020 and the remainder primarily related to the
        capitalized lease payments payable under new tenancy agreements.

         Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in Notes
         24(e) and 26, respectively.

         Some leases include an option to renew the lease for an additional period after the end of the contract
         term. Where practicable, the Group seeks to include such extension options exercisable by the Group
         to provide operational flexibility. The Group assesses at lease commencement date whether it is
         reasonably certain to exercise the extension options. If the Group is not reasonably certain to exercise
         the extension options, the future lease payments during the extension periods are not included in the
         measurement of lease liabilities. The potential exposure to these future lease payments is summarised
         below.

                                                                                        Potential future lease
                                                                                           payments under
                                                                                          extension options
                                                           Lease liabilities             not included in lease
                                                       recognised (discounted)        liabilities (undiscounted)
                                                            2020             2019             2020          2019
                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


           Plant and buildings                             128,994           99,765               –               –




                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020        107
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  13 INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                          Developed            GSP     Product
                                                         technology       licenses trademarks           Total
                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000


        Cost:
        At January 1, 2019 and December 31, 2019             246,459          343          4,303       251,105
        Business combination (Note 37)                        60,700            –              –        60,700


        At December 31, 2020                                307,159           343         4,303       311,805


        Accumulated amortization:
        At January 1, 2019                                   197,114          343          4,303       201,760

        Charge for the year                                      15,577         –              –         15,577


        At December 31, 2019 and January 1, 2020            212,691           343         4,303       217,337

        Charge for the year                                      17,360         –              –        17,360


        At December 31, 2020                                230,051           343         4,303       234,697


        Net book value:
        At December 31, 2019                                     33,768         –              –         33,768


        At December 31, 2020                                     77,108         –              –        77,108


      The Group’s intangible assets as at December 31, 2020 represent developed technology, GSP licenses
      and product trademarks acquired by the Group in connection with the acquisitions of the Group’s major
      operating subsidiaries in the PRC prior to January 1, 2017.

      The addition of the Group’s intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2020 represents
      developed technology acquired by the Group in connection with the acquisition of a subsidiary BCY Pharm
      Co., Ltd. Further details of the business combination are set out in Note 37.

      The amortization charge for the year is included in “cost of sales” and “research and development costs” in
      the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




108    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


14 GOODWILL

                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


      Balance at the beginning of the year                                           142,474           142,474
      Business combination (Note 37)                                                  30,314                 –


      Balance at the end of the year                                                 172,788           142,474

    Impairment tests for cash-generating unit containing goodwill
    Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGU”) identified according to the reportable
    segment. Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s CGU as follows:

                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


      Pharmaceutical business                                                        142,474           142,474
      BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. (“BCY”)                                                     30,314                 –


                                                                                     172,788           142,474

    The recoverable amount of each CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations
    use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management with the final year
    representing a steady state in the development of the business. Cash flows beyond the period are
    extrapolated using zero growth rate. The key assumptions used for the value in use calculations are the
    discount rate and budgeted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”) growth
    rate in the projection period. The discount rate was a pre-tax measure based on the risk-free rate in the
    relevant market and in the same currency as the cash flows, adjusted for a risk premium to reflect both the
    increased risk of investing in equities generally and the systematic risk of the CGU. Budgeted EBITDA growth
    rate in the projection period was estimated taking into account revenue, gross margins and operating
    expenses based on past performance and its expectation for market development.

    Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations:

                                                                                        2020              2019


      Pre-tax discount rate
        Pharmaceutical business                                                        14.7%             15.0%
        BCY                                                                            24.0%               N/A

      Budget period
        Pharmaceutical business                                                      5 years            5 years
        BCY                                                                         10 years               N/A

    The estimated recoverable amount of the pharmaceutical business CGU exceeded its carrying amount
    as at December 31, 2020 by approximately RMB6,156,820,000 (2019: RMB5,705,333,000). The estimated
    recoverable amount of the BCY CGU exceeded its carrying amount as at December 31, 2020 by
    approximately RMB47,499,000.

                                                     Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020      109
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  14 GOODWILL (Continued)

      Management performed sensitivity analysis of two key assumptions that could significantly affect the
      recoverable amount. The following table shows the percentage point by which these two assumptions would
      need to change individually for the estimated recoverable amount to be equal to the carrying amount:

      Change required for carrying amount to equal recoverable amount (in percentage point)

                                                                                                             2020                       2019


        Pharmaceutical business
          Increase in discount rate                                                                       +15.4%                  +32.7%
          Decrease in budgeted EBITDA growth rate (average of next five years)                            –18.7%                  –21.4%

        BCY
          Increase in discount rate                                                                        +3.6%        Not applicable
          Decrease in budgeted EBITDA growth rate (average of next ten years)                              –4.1%        Not applicable


      The Group performs annual impairment test on goodwill at the end of the reporting year. The recoverable
      amount of the CGUs based on the value-in-use calculations is higher than the carrying amount as at
      December 31, 2020 and 2019. Accordingly, no impairment loss for goodwill has been recognized in the
      consolidated statements of profit or loss. Also, based on the sensitivity analysis above, the Group concluded
      that a reasonably possible change in key parameters would not cause the carrying amount of the CGU to
      exceed its recoverable amount as at December 31, 2020 and 2019.

  15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

      The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or
      liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.

                                           Place of                                        Attributable equity
                                           incorporation and                                interest held by
                                           business/date of        Particulars of issued      the Company
        Company name                       incorporation           and paid-in capital     Directly Indirectly   Principal activities


        Jiangsu Simcere Pharmaceutical The People’s Republic of    United States Dollar      100%            –   Investment holding
           Technology Co., Ltd.          China (“PRC”)               (“USD”) 201,500,000
           (江蘇先聲醫藥科技有限公司) (Note (a))     August 14, 2017

        Simcere UK Limited                 The United Kingdom      Great Britain Pound       100%            –   Pharmaceutical related
                                             December 20, 2017       (“GBP”) 100                                   business development and
                                                                                                                   cooperation

        Oy Simcere Europe Ltd.             Finland                 Euro (“EUR”) 2,500        100%            –   Pharmaceutical related
                                              September 14, 2007                                                   business development and
                                                                                                                   cooperation




110    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)


                                                Place of                                       Attributable equity
                                                incorporation and                               interest held by
                                                business/date of       Particulars of issued      the Company
      Company name                              incorporation          and paid-in capital     Directly Indirectly   Principal activities


      Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.          The PRC                Chinese Yuan (“RMB”)         –        100%    Manufacturing and sales of
        (先聲藥業有限公司) (Note (a))                     September 10, 1998     1,380,287,820                                 pharmaceutical products

      Shanghai Xianyi Investment Management The PRC                    RMB468,000,000               –        100%    Investment holding
        Partnership (Limited Partnership)     November 20, 2015
        (上海先益投資管理合夥企業
        (有限合夥)) (Note (b))

      Hainan Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.   The PRC                RMB221,110,900               –        100%    Manufacturing and sales of
        (海南先聲藥業有限公司) (Note (a))                   April 28, 1993                                                       pharmaceutical products

      Jiangsu Simcere Biological Pharmaceutical The PRC                RMB350,000,000               –        100%    Research and development
         Co., Ltd.                                July 10, 2017                                                        and manufacturing of
         (江蘇先聲生物製藥有限公司) (Note (a))                                                                                     biopharmaceutical products

      Wuhu Simcere Zhongren Pharmaceutical The PRC                     RMB37,000,000                –        100%    Manufacturing and sales of
        Co., Ltd.                            September 19, 2008                                                        pharmaceutical products
        (蕪湖先聲中人藥業有限公司) (Note (a))

      Simcere (Shanghai) Pharmaceutical Co.,    The PRC                RMB250,000,000               –        100%    Research and development of
        Ltd. (先聲(上海)醫藥有限公司)                       December 16, 2011                                                    pharmaceutical products
        (Note (a))                                                                                                     and property management

      Nanjing BioSciKin Biotechnology           The PRC                RMB72,910,000                –        100%    Dormant
        Development Co., Ltd.                     December 13, 2018
        (南京百家匯生物科技發展有限公司)
        (Note (a))

      Simcere International Limited             Hong Kong              USD10,000,000                –        100%    Pharmaceutical related
                                                  June 19, 2014                                                        business development and
                                                                                                                       cooperation

      Simcere of America Inc.                   The United States      USD125                       –        100%    Pharmaceutical related
                                                  January 5, 2011                                                      business development and
                                                                                                                       cooperation and investment
                                                                                                                       holding

      Simcere Innovation, Inc.                  The United States      USD1                         –        100%    Research and development of
                                                  March 22, 2019                                                       biopharmaceutical products




                                                                        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020                     111
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)


                                                  Place of                                      Attributable equity
                                                  incorporation and                              interest held by
                                                  business/date of      Particulars of issued      the Company
        Company name                              incorporation         and paid-in capital     Directly Indirectly   Principal activities


        Jiangsu Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. The PRC                RMB168,800,000               –        100%    Sales and distribution of
           (江蘇先聲藥業有限公司) (Note (a))                 March 28, 1995                                                       pharmaceutical products and
                                                                                                                        research and development
                                                                                                                        of pharmaceutical products

        Shanghai Simcere Pharmaceutical Co.,      The PRC               RMB154,000,000               –        100%    Sales and distribution of
          Ltd. (上海先聲藥業有限公司) (Note (a))              July 20, 2000                                                       pharmaceutical products

        Zigong Yirong Industrial Co., Ltd.        The PRC               RMB2,380,000                 –        100%    Manufacturing of
           (自貢市益榮實業有限公司) (Note (a))                 September 2, 2005                                                   pharmaceutical ingredients

        Shandong Simcere Biopharmaceutical        The PRC               RMB30,128,150                –        100%    Manufacturing and sales of
          Co., Ltd. (山東先聲生物製藥有限公司)                  June 30, 1999                                                       pharmaceutical products
          (Note (a))

        Simcere Biology Medical Technology        The PRC               RMB50,000,000                –        100%    Research and development of
          Co., Ltd. (先聲生物醫藥科技有限公司)                  March 14, 2012                                                      biopharmaceutical products
          (Note (a))

        BCY Pharm Co., Ltd.                       The PRC               RMB24,500,000                –       52.14%   Research and development of
          (江蘇博創園生物醫藥科技有限公司)                         October 28, 2011                                                    biopharmaceutical products
          (Note (a))

        Simgene Group Limited                     The Cayman Islands    USD1                      100%            –   Investment holding
                                                    April 9, 2020

        Simgene LLC                               The United States     Not applicable               –        100%    Dormant
                                                    April 19, 2019

        Simcere Industrial Co., Limited           Hong Kong             Hong Kong dollar             –        100%    Investment holding
                                                    August 28, 2017       (“HKD”) 1

        Shanghai Xianjing Biological Technology   The PRC               USD nil                      –        100%    Investment holding
          Co., Ltd. (上海先競生物科技有限公司)                  April 23, 2020
          (Note (a))




112    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)


                                             Place of                                     Attributable equity
                                             incorporation and                             interest held by
                                             business/date of     Particulars of issued      the Company
      Company name                           incorporation        and paid-in capital     Directly Indirectly    Principal activities


      Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology The PRC               RMB nil                       –        100%    Research and development
        Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Xianbo”) (上海先博   April 22, 2020                                                       and clinical trial of the cell
        生物科技有限公司) (Note (a) and (c))                                                                               therapies

      Hainan Yaozhen Biology Medical         The PRC              RMB nil                       –        96.5%   Research and development of
        Technology Co., Ltd. (海南耀臻生物           December 3, 2020                                                    biopharmaceutical products
        醫藥科技有限公司(Note (a))
    Notes:

    (a)   These entities are limited liability companies established in the PRC. The official names of these entities are in Chinese. The
          English translation of the company names is for identification purpose only.

    (b)   This entity is limited partnership established in the PRC. The official name of the entity is in Chinese. The English translation
          of the company name is for identification purpose only.

    (c)   Under the contractual arrangements between the Group and the registered shareholders of Shanghai Xianbo in April 2020,
          the Group acquired effective control over the financial and operational management and results of Shanghai Xianbo and
          is entitled to all the economic benefits derived from the operations of Shanghai Xianbo. Therefore, Shanghai Xianbo is a
          consolidated subsidiary of the Group.

    The following table lists out the information relating to BCY Pharm Co., Ltd., the only subsidiary of the Group
    which has a material non-controlling interest (NCI). The summarised financial information presented below
    represents the amounts before any inter-company elimination.

                                                                                                                         December 31,
                                                                                                                                2020
                                                                                                                             RMB’000


      NCI percentage                                                                                                                 47.86%

      Current assets                                                                                                                  29,030
      Non-current assets                                                                                                              57,102
      Current liabilities                                                                                                             (1,063)
      Non-current liabilities                                                                                                        (14,163)
      Net assets                                                                                                                      70,906
      Carrying amount of NCI                                                                                                          33,935

      Revenue                                                                                                                              –
      Loss for the period                                                                                                            (10,962)
      Total comprehensive income                                                                                                     (10,962)
      Loss allocated to NCI                                                                                                           (5,247)

      Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                            (8,931)
      Cash flows from investing activities                                                                                               (96)
      Cash flows from financing activities                                                                                            22,120



                                                                   Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020                          113
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  16 INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES
      The following list contains the particulars of the Group’s associates, all of which are unlisted corporate
      entities whose quoted market price is not available:

                                                                                             Proportion of ownership interest
                                          Form of         Place of        Particulars of     Group’s
                                          business        incorporation   issued and        effective      Held by    Held by
      Name of associate                   structure       and business    paid up capital    interest the Company a subsidiary         Principal activity


        Nanjing Bioheng Biotech Co., Ltd. Incorporated    The PRC         RMB 8,947,296         16%              –              16%    Research and development
          (“Nanjing Bioheng”) (Note i)                                                                                                   of biopharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                         products

        BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. (Note ii)     Incorporated    The PRC         RMB 24,500,000        52%              –              52%    Research and development
                                                                                                                                         of biopharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                         products

        Xuancheng Menovo                  Incorporated    The PRC         RMB 196,078,500        0%              –               0%    Development and
          Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                                       manufacturing of
          (“Xuancheng Menovo”) (Note iii)                                                                                                pharmaceutical ingredients

        3D Biological Medicines (Shanghai) Incorporated   The PRC         USD 83,088,060       9.6%              –              9.6%   Research and development
          Co., Ltd. (“3D Medicines”)                                                                                                     of biopharmaceutical
          (Note iv)                                                                                                                      products
      Notes:

      (i)     In April 2018, the Group acquired 20% of the equity interest in Nanjing Bioheng through capital injection of RMB20,000,000.
              The investment in Nanjing Bioheng, an innovative biopharmaceutical company focusing on disease treatment and service,
              enables the Group to have exposure to the development and clinical transformation of new immunotherapy for tumor
              through local expertise. In January 2019, the proportion of the Group’s interest in Nanjing Bioheng has been diluted to
              16% due to the new financing obtained by Nanjing Bioheng. The Group has a right to appoint one director to the board of
              Nanjing Bioheng in accordance with the investment agreement, therefore the directors of the Company are in the view that
              the Group can cast significant influence on Nanjing Bioheng and consider it is an associate of the Group.

      (ii)    In July 2019, the Group acquired 33% of the equity interest in BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. from a fellow subsidiary, BioSciKin
              Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd., at a consideration of RMB33,429,000. The investment in BCY Pharm Co., Ltd.,
              a company engaged in research and development of innovative biopharmaceutical products focusing on treatment of
              psoriasis, enables the Group to explore commercialization cooperation opportunities in relevant sector.

              On April 30, 2020, Nanjing BioSciKin Biotechnology Development Co., Ltd., the Group’s wholly owned subsidiary
              incorporated in the PRC, entered into an agreement with BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. and its shareholders, and acquired additional
              19.14% equity interest of BCY Pharm Co., Ltd., through additional capital injection of RMB40,000,000. Upon the completion
              of the transaction on May 13, 2020, the Group held 52.14% equity interest in BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. and BCY Pharm Co., Ltd.
              became a subsidiary of the Group.

      (iii)   In June 2019, the Group acquired 49% of the equity interest in Xuancheng Menovo through capital injection of
              RMB111,680,000. Xuancheng Menovo, being a subsidiary of Ningbo Menovo Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a company listed
              on the main board of Shanghai Stock Exchange, is a business partner of the Group in development and manufacturing of
              pharmaceutical ingredients. On July 30, 2020, Simcere Pharmaceutical, the Group’s wholly owned subsidiary incorporated
              in the PRC, entered into a share transfer agreement with a third party partnership established in the PRC, and disposed
              49% equity interest of the Group’s associate incorporated in the PRC, Xuancheng Menovo, at a cash consideration of
              RMB118,418,000. The gain on this disposal on interest in associates is RMB8,963,000.

      (iv)    In December 2019, the Group signed a capital injection agreement with original shareholders of 3D Medicines and 3D
              Medicines to inject US$40,000,000 capital in exchange of 17.9% of equity interest of 3D Medicines. As of December 31,
              2020, the Group injected US$30,000,000 (equivalent to RMB210,351,000) which represents an effective ownership interest
              of 9.6%. The remaining capital will be injected to 3D Medicines upon the completion of certain conditions as stipulated
              in the capital injection agreement. 3D Medicines is a company engaged in research and development of innovative
              biopharmaceutical products and immune-oncology therapies. The investment in 3D Medicines enhances the Group’s
              further exploration and development in the relevant sector. The Group has a right to appoint two directors to the board of
              3D Medicines in accordance with the investment agreement, therefore the directors of the Company are in the view that
              the Group can cast significant influence on 3D Medicines and consider it is an associate of the Group.

114    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


16 INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

    All of the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial
    statements.

    Summarized financial information of the material associates, Xuancheng Menovo and 3D Medicines,
    adjusted for any differences in accounting policies, and a reconciliation to the carrying amount in the
    consolidated financial statements are disclosed below:

                                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                                        2019
                                                                                                     RMB’000


      Gross amounts of Xuancheng Menovo’s
      Current assets                                                                                     69,087
      Non-current assets                                                                                382,585
      Current liabilities                                                                              (136,750)
      Non-current liabilities                                                                          (120,600)
      Equity                                                                                            194,322

      Revenue                                                                                             9,747
      Loss from continuing operations                                                                    (8,259)
      Other comprehensive income                                                                              –

      Total comprehensive income                                                                         (8,259)

      Reconciled to the Group’s interest in Xuancheng Menovo
      Gross amounts of net assets of Xuancheng Menovo                                                  194,322
      Group’s effective interest                                                                          49%
      Group’s share of net assets of Xuancheng Menovo                                                   95,218
      Goodwill                                                                                          13,582

      Carrying amount of in the consolidated financial statements                                      108,800

      Group’s share of Xuancheng Menovo’s
      Loss from continuing operations                                                                    (2,880)
      Other comprehensive income                                                                              –

      Total comprehensive income                                                                         (2,880)

                                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                                        2020
                                                                                                     RMB’000


      Group’s share of Xuancheng Menovo’s
      Gain from continuing operations                                                                      655
      Other comprehensive income                                                                             –

      Total comprehensive income                                                                           655


                                                     Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020       115
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  16 INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

                                                                                                 December 31,
                                                                                                        2020
                                                                                                     RMB’000


        Gross amounts of 3D Medicines’s
        Current assets                                                                                 498,721
        Non-current assets                                                                           1,337,423
        Current liabilities                                                                            (70,894)
        Non-current liabilities                                                                       (190,705)
        Equity                                                                                       1,574,545


        Revenue                                                                                             277
        Loss from continuing operations                                                                (183,234)
        Other comprehensive income                                                                            –


        Total comprehensive income                                                                     (183,234)

        Reconciled to the Group’s interest in 3D Medicines
        Gross amounts of net assets of 3D Medicines                                                  1,574,545
        Group’s effective interest                                                                       9.60%
        Group’s share of net assets of 3D Medicines                                                    151,100
        Goodwill                                                                                        55,615


        Carrying amount of in the consolidated financial statements                                    206,715


        Group’s share of 3D Medicines’s
        Loss from continuing operations                                                                 (15,997)
        Other comprehensive income                                                                            –


        Total comprehensive income                                                                      (15,997)
        Gain on dilution of interest in 3D Medicines                                                     12,361


                                                                                                         (3,636)


      The Group assesses whether this is any objective evidence that its interest in the associates are impaired
      at the end of each reporting period by considering the associates’ business development process, any
      significant financial difficulty, default or bankruptcy encountered by the associates and adverse change
      in technological, market, economic or legal environment. Based on the assessment above, the Group
      concluded that no impairment indicator was identified at the end of each reporting period and no impairment
      loss of interest in associates is considered necessary to be recognized in the consolidated statements of
      profit or loss.




116    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


16 INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

    Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:

                                                                                                           2020                         2019
                                                                                                        RMB’000                      RMB’000


      Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates in the
        consolidated financial statements                                                                     4,433                     50,564


                                                                                                           2020                         2019
                                                                                                        RMB’000                      RMB’000


      Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those associates’
        Loss from continuing operations                                                                    (10,893)                      (5,249)
        Other comprehensive income                                                                               –                            –


         Total comprehensive income                                                                        (10,893)                      (5,249)


17 INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE

    Details of the Group’s interest in the joint venture as at December 31, 2020 which is accounted for using
    equity method in the consolidated financial statements are set out below:

                                                                                Proportion of ownership interest
                              Form of        Place of        Particulars of     Group’s
                              business       incorporation   issued and paid   effective      Held by    Held by
    Name of Joint venture     structure      and business    up capital         interest the Company a subsidiary        Principal activity


      Simnogen Biotech Ltd.   Incorporated   The PRC         USD4,000,000          51%              –              51%   Research and development of
                                                                                                                           innovative pharmaceuticals
                                                                                                                           and vaccine products

    In June 2019, the Group acquired 51% of the equity interest in Simnogen Biotech Ltd. from a fellow
    subsidiary, BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd., at a consideration of RMB5,200,000.
    Simnogen Biotech Ltd. is mainly engaged in research and development of innovative pharmaceutical and
    vaccine products. According to the articles of association, no single investor is in a position to control the
    investors’ meeting nor no single director appointed by either investor is in a position to control the board of
    directors. Therefore, the directors of the Company consider that the Group does not have the ability to use
    its power over Simnogen Biotech Ltd. to affect its returns through its involvement and deem it to be a joint
    venture of the Group rather than a subsidiary.

    Simnogen Biotech Ltd., the only joint venture in which the Group participates, is an unlisted corporate entity
    whose quoted market price is not available.




                                                                 Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020                            117
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  17 INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE (Continued)

      Information of the joint venture that is not individually material:

                                                                                  December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                         2020               2019
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


        Carrying amount of the joint venture
          in the consolidated financial statements                                         4,672               5,065

        Amount of the Group’s share of the joint venture’s
         Loss from continuing operations                                                     (393)              (135)
         Other comprehensive income                                                             –                  –


          Total comprehensive income                                                         (393)              (135)


  18 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                          2020               2019
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


        Equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling)
          – Listed equity securities                                                    297,232               43,179
          – Unlisted equity securities                                                   30,423              114,010


                                                                                        327,655              157,189


      The listed equity securities at FVOCI (non-recycling), represent investment in listed equity securities issued
      by listed companies incorporated in the United States. The unlisted equity securities at FVOCI (non-recycling),
      represent investment in unlisted equity interest in private entities incorporated in the PRC and the Cayman
      Islands. These investments are engaged in research and development of innovative pharmaceutical
      products.

      The Group designated these investments at FVOCI (non-recycling), as the investments are held for strategic
      purposes. No dividends were received on these investments during the year ended December 31, 2020 and
      2019.

      The analysis on the fair value measurement of the above financial assets is disclosed in Note 36(e).




118    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


19 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                        2020              2019
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


      Financial assets at FVPL – non-current
        – Unlisted investments                                                         73,603               64,115
        – Unlisted units in investment funds                                        1,158,098              837,726


                                                                                    1,231,701              901,841

      Financial assets at FVPL – current
        – Structured deposits and wealth management products                                  –            543,938


                                                                                    1,231,701          1,445,779


    The Group’s non-current balances of financial assets at FVPL represent investments in private entities
    incorporated in the PRC, the United States, the Cayman Islands and Singapore and units in investment funds
    incorporated in the PRC, the United States and the Cayman Islands. The Company’s non-current balances
    of financial assets at FVPL represent investments in a private entity incorporated in the United States and
    units in an investment fund incorporated in the Cayman Islands. These investments are primarily engaged or
    further invested in the healthcare and pharmaceutical sectors.

    The Group’s current balances of financial assets at FVPL mainly represent structured deposits and wealth
    management products issued by various financial institutions in the PRC with a floating return which will be
    paid together with the principal on the maturity date.

    The analysis on the fair value measurement of the Group’s above financial assets is disclosed in Note 36(e).

20 TRADING SECURITIES

                                                                                        2020              2019
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


      Listed equity securities                                                           3,634               3,058


    The analysis on the fair value measurement of the above financial assets is disclosed in Note 36(e).




                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020        119
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  21 INVENTORIES

      (a) Inventories in the consolidated statements of financial position comprise:

                                                                                          2020         2019
                                                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000


             Raw materials                                                               86,649       82,364
             Semi-finished goods                                                         39,337       40,070
             Finished goods                                                             153,159      131,342


                                                                                        279,145      253,776

             Write down of inventories                                                   (16,472)      (5,602)


                                                                                        262,673      248,174


      (b) The analysis of the amount of inventories recognized as an expense and included in profit
          or loss is as follows:

                                                                                          2020         2019
                                                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000


             Carrying amount of inventories sold                                        659,010      671,616
             Provision for write-down of inventories                                     20,962        5,745


                                                                                        679,972      677,361


           All inventories are expected to be recovered within one year.

  22 TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                          2020         2019
                                                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000


        Trade receivables                                                             1,522,578      985,117
        Bills receivable                                                                369,275      364,585


                                                                                      1,891,853     1,349,702

        Less: loss allowance                                                             (20,841)     (12,786)


                                                                                      1,871,012     1,336,916


      All of the trade and bills receivables are expected to be recovered within one year.


120    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


22 TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

    Aging analysis
    As of the end of the reporting period, the aging analysis of trade and bills receivables, based on the invoice
    date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                        2020              2019
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


      Within 3 months                                                               1,553,979         1,072,544
      Over 3 months but within 12 months                                              315,238           264,272
      Over 12 months                                                                    1,795               100


                                                                                    1,871,012         1,336,916


    Trade and bills receivables are due within 30–90 days from the date of billing. Further details on the Group’s
    credit policy and credit risk arising from trade and bills receivables are set out in Note 36(a).

23 PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                        2020              2019
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


      Current
      Prepayments for raw materials and expenses                                       48,453            52,215
      Value added tax recoverable                                                      25,280            30,337
      Other deposits and receivables                                                   49,651            41,078


                                                                                      123,384           123,630

      Less: loss allowance                                                              (2,827)           (4,147)


                                                                                      120,557           119,483


      Non-current
      Prepayments for property, plant and equipment                                    63,534            64,739
      Deposits for investments                                                         50,000           260,351


                                                                                      113,534           325,090




                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020       121
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  23 PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

      All of prepayments, deposits and other receivables current balances are expected to be recovered or
      recognized as expense within one year.

      The Group’s deposits for investments as at December 31, 2019 represent the amount paid by the Group in
      connection with the Group’s proposing investments with 3D Medicines and a third party company in the
      PRC which is principally engaged in research and development and application of investigational new drug.
      During the year ended December 31, 2020, the investment with 3D Medicines was completed. At December
      31, 2020, the remaining investment transaction was yet to be completed.

  24 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED
     DEPOSITS

      (a) Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                           2020               2019
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


             Cash at bank                                                              3,270,241            354,760
             Cash in hand                                                                      –                 44


                                                                                       3,270,241            354,804


      (b) Pledged deposits and restricted deposits comprise:

                                                                                           2020               2019
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


             Pledged deposits for
               – issuance of bills payable and letters of credit                           1,777                962
               – banking facilities                                                      915,600            290,000


                                                                                         917,377            290,962


                                                                                           2020               2019
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


             Restricted deposits for
               – research and development projects                                               3                 –


           The pledged deposits will be released upon the settlement of the relevant bills payable and letters of
           credit by the Group or the termination of relevant banking facilities. The restricted deposits will be used
           for funding certain research and development projects.




122    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


24 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED
   DEPOSITS (Continued)

    (c) Reconciliation of profits before taxation to cash generated from operations

                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                    NOTE            RMB’000           RMB’000


           Profit before taxation                                                    805,088         1,081,815
           Adjustments for:
             Depreciation of property, plant and equipment           6(c)            204,969           146,932
             Amortization of intangible assets                       6(c)             17,360            15,577
             Net finance costs                                       6(a)            107,481            81,231
             Share of losses of associates                           16               13,874             8,129
             Share of losses of a joint venture                      17                  393               135
             Net loss on disposal of property,
                plant and equipment                                  5(b)              3,361              3,483
             Net realized and unrealized gains
                on trading securities                                5(b)                (627)             (819)
             Net realized and unrealized gains on financial
                assets at fair value through profit or loss          5(b)           (464,309)           (20,238)
             Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                        5(b)             (1,552)                 –
             Gain on disposal of interest in associates              5(b)             (8,963)                 –
             Gain arising from business combination                   37              (1,762)                 –
             Equity settled share-based payment expenses              32              32,797             14,151
             Increase in provision                                    30             100,700                  –
             Impairment loss on trade and other receivables          6(c)              6,735              1,657
             Provision for write-down of inventories                 6(c)             20,962              5,745
             Other revenue from asset-related government
                grants                                               5(a)            (32,384)           (10,255)
             Foreign exchange loss on bank loans                                      10,154                997


           Operating profit before changes
            in working capital                                                       814,277         1,328,540

           (Increase)/decrease in pledged deposits for
              issuance of bills payable and letters of
              credit and restricted deposits                                            (818)             50,976
           Increase in inventories                                                   (35,461)            (20,050)
           Increase in trade and bills receivables                                  (542,151)          (386,394)
           Decrease/(increase) in prepayments,
              deposits and other receivables                                           1,341            (39,797)
           Decrease in trade and bills payables                                      (13,231)           (52,706)
           Increase in other payables and accruals                                    21,517           174,219
           Increase/(decrease) in income-related deferred
              income                                                                   5,925            (17,128)


           Cash generated from operations                                            251,399         1,037,660

                                                     Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020        123
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  24 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED
     DEPOSITS (Continued)

      (d) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
          The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash
          and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows
          were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statements as cash
          flows from financing activities.

                                                                             Loans from        Lease
                                                           Bank loans    related parties    liabilities       Total
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                            (Note 25)                      (Note 26)


             At January 1, 2019                             2,057,340          203,852        56,668      2,317,860


             Changes from financing cash flows:
             Proceeds from bank loans                       2,605,640                 –             –      2,605,640
             Repayment of bank loans                       (1,883,549)                –             –     (1,883,549)
             New loans from related parties                         –            11,796             –          11,796
             Repayment of loans from related parties                –          (141,793)            –       (141,793)
             Capital element of lease rentals paid                  –                 –      (34,163)         (34,163)
             Interest element of lease rentals paid                 –                 –        (7,122)          (7,122)
             Interest paid                                   (105,940)          (35,251)            –       (141,191)


             Total changes from financing cash flows         616,151           (165,248)     (41,285)       409,618


             Exchange adjustments                                 997                 –              –           997


             Other changes:
             Increase in lease liabilities from entering
                into new leases during the year                    –                  –     135,302         135,302
             Interest expenses (Note 6(a))                   102,227              6,606       7,122         115,955
             Net settlement of amount due from and
                due to related parties                               –          (45,210)             –       (45,210)
             Capitalized borrowing costs (Note 6(a))             6,434                –              –         6,434


             Total other changes                             108,661            (38,604)    142,424         212,481


             At December 31, 2019                           2,783,149                 –     157,807       2,940,956




124    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


24 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED
   DEPOSITS (Continued)

    (d) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)

                                                                       Loans from             Lease
                                                         Bank loans related parties       liabilities       Total
                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                          (Note 25)                       (Note 26)


           At January 1, 2020                             2,783,149               –        157,807       2,940,956


           Changes from financing cash flows:
           Proceeds from bank loans                       2,056,618              –                –      2,056,618
           Repayment of bank loans                       (1,789,365)             –                –     (1,789,365)
           New loans from related parties                         –         35,506                –         35,506
           Repayment of loans from related parties                –        (35,506)               –        (35,506)
           Capital element of lease rentals paid                  –              –          (37,485)       (37,485)
           Interest element of lease rentals paid                 –              –           (9,253)        (9,253)
           Interest paid                                   (131,627)          (298)               –       (131,925)


           Total changes from financing cash flows         135,626             (298)        (46,738)        88,590


           Exchange adjustments                              10,154               –                –        10,154


           Other changes:
           Increase in lease liabilities from entering
              into new leases during the year                    –               –         111,206         111,206
           Interest expenses (Note 6(a))                   124,178             298           9,253         133,729
           Capitalized borrowing costs (Note 6(a))           9,381               –               –           9,381
           Decrease in deferred income related to
              bank loans                                      6,002               –                –          6,002


           Total other changes                             139,561             298         120,459         260,318


           At December 31, 2020                           3,068,490               –        231,528       3,300,018




                                                         Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020      125
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  24 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED
     DEPOSITS (Continued)

      (e) Total cash flow for leases
          Amounts included in the cash flow statement for leases comprise the following:

                                                                                          2020               2019
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


             Within operating cash flows                                                  10,581             7,558
             Within investing cash flows                                                     814            22,890
             Within financing cash flows                                                  46,738            41,285


                                                                                          58,133            71,733


           These amounts relate to the following:

                                                                                          2020               2019
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


             Lease rentals paid                                                           57,319            48,843
             Increase in leasehold land                                                      814            22,890


                                                                                          58,133            71,733


  25 BANK LOANS

      The maturity profile for the interest-bearing bank loans of the Group at the end of each reporting period is as
      follows:

                                                                                          2020               2019
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


        Short-term bank loans                                                         1,560,740          1,508,765
        Current portion of long-term bank loans                                         232,200            135,213


        Within 1 year or on demand                                                    1,792,940          1,643,978


        After 1 year but within 2 years                                               1,231,450            222,608
        After 2 years but within 5 years                                                 44,100            903,902
        More than 5 years                                                                     –             12,661


                                                                                      1,275,550          1,139,171


                                                                                      3,068,490          2,783,149


126    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


25 BANK LOANS (Continued)

    The bank loans were secured as follows:

                                                                                                       2020                 2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


      Bank loans
        – Secured                                                                                  1,992,450             1,523,149
        – Unsecured                                                                                1,076,040             1,260,000


                                                                                                   3,068,490             2,783,149

    Notes:

    (i)    The Group’s bank loans were secured by certain assets of the Group. An analysis of the carrying value of these assets is as
           follows:

                                                                                                         2020                 2019
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


             Leasehold land (Note 12)                                                                   14,217               53,991
             Plants and buildings (Note 12)                                                            157,341              224,935
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Note 19)                                 –              400,000
             Pledged deposits (Note 24(b))                                                             915,600              290,000


                                                                                                     1,087,158              968,926

    (ii)   Certain bank facilities granted to the Group were guaranteed by Mr. Ren Jinsheng, the ultimate controlling shareholder of
           the Group, and his spouse Ms. Wang Xi, and Nanjing BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd. at December 31, 2020.
           This company is controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group.

                                                                                                         2020                 2019
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


             Guarantees and pledges to banks for granting banking facilities                           547,800              783,500




                                                                   Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020            127
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  26 LEASE LIABILITIES

      The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of
      each reporting period:

                                                                 2020                             2019
                                                        Present                            Present
                                                    value of the        Total          value of the            Total
                                                  minimum lease minimum lease       minimum lease     minimum lease
                                                      payments      payments             payments          payments
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000


        Within 1 year                                     38,098         46,533             26,206           32,505


        After 1 year but within 2 years                   38,751         45,630             26,696           31,801
        After 2 years but within 5 years                 100,547        112,019             86,135           94,068
        After 5 years                                     54,132         58,033             18,770           19,369


                                                         193,430        215,682            131,601          145,238


                                                         231,528        262,215            157,807          177,743


        Less: total future interest expenses                             (30,687)                            (19,936)


        Present value of lease liabilities                              231,528                             157,807


  27 TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

                                                                                          2020                2019
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


        Trade payables                                                                  115,462              93,165
        Bills payable                                                                   126,615             161,686


                                                                                        242,077             254,851




128    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


27 TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES (Continued)

    As of the end of the reporting period, the aging analysis of trade and bills payables, based on the invoice
    date, is as follows:

                                                                                                       2020                 2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


      Within 3 months                                                                                191,610               172,961
      3 to 12 months                                                                                  48,617                79,838
      Over 12 months                                                                                   1,850                 2,052


                                                                                                     242,077               254,851


    All of the trade and bills payables are expected to be settled within one year or repayable on demand.

28 OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                       2020                 2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


      Accrued expenses (Note i)                                                                      719,708               782,754
      Contract liabilities (Note ii)                                                                  18,762                16,675
      Payable for employee reimbursements                                                            139,552                83,558
      Payables for staff related costs                                                               235,162               191,223
      Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                          58,469                66,020
      Cash received under share incentive scheme                                                           –               112,029
      Other tax payables                                                                              60,950                60,099
      Others                                                                                          90,740               105,587


                                                                                                   1,323,343            1,417,945


    All of the other payables and accruals are expected to be settled within one year or repayable on demand.

    Notes:

    (i)    Accrued expenses primarily comprise marketing and promotion expenses, research and development costs and other
           expenses.

    (ii)   Contract liabilities represent customers’ advances received for goods that have not yet been transferred to the customers.




                                                                Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020                 129
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  29 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

      (a) Current taxation in the consolidated statements of financial position represents:

                                                                                                                    2020                       2019
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                    RMB’000


             At the beginning of the year                                                                             85,219                  81,067
             Provision for PRC Corporate Income Tax for the year                                                      50,215                 197,100
             Effect of PRC withholding tax on dividends                                                                    –                  71,300
             Effect of PRC Corporate Income Tax on disposal of financial assets
               at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                         2,057                       –
             (Over)/under-provision in respect of prior years                                                          (4,158)                    609
             Tax paid                                                                                                (154,668)               (264,857)


             At the end of the year                                                                                   (21,335)                85,219


             Represented by:
             Taxation recoverable                                                                                     (21,335)                  (306)
             Taxation payable                                                                                               –                 85,525


                                                                                                                      (21,335)                85,219

      (b) Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized represents:
          (i) The components of deferred tax assets recognized in the consolidated statements of financial
              position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                   Depreciation Fair value
                                                   Provision Unrealized            of property, change of                         Other
                                                   for asset profits on Deductible plant and financial Government Accrued temporary
                                                 impairment inventories tax losses equipment       assets   grants expenses differences           Total
                                                    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000  RMB’000  RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000


                  At January 1, 2019                  4,611     37,594     15,439      3,453     16,390      9,641      106,224     4,975       198,327
                  Recognized in profit or loss         (234)    72,829     (3,429)    (1,153)     9,165     59,733       (3,862)   (2,230)      130,819
                  Recognized in other
                    comprehensive income                  –          –          –          –      1,278         –             –         –         1,278


                  At December 31, 2019 and
                    January 1, 2020                  4,377     110,423    12,010      2,300     26,833     69,374       102,362    2,745        330,424

                  Recognized in profit or loss       5,252     (14,988)   34,290       (665)    (15,941)     (874)         (148)   2,829          9,755
                  Recognized in other
                    comprehensive income                  –          –          –          –     (6,528)        –             –         –        (6,528)


                  At December 31, 2020               9,629      95,435    46,300      1,635      4,364     68,500       102,214    5,574        333,651




130    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


29 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
   (Continued)

    (b) Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized represents: (Continued)
        (ii) The components of deferred tax liabilities recognized in the consolidated statements of financial
             position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                   Fair value
                                                 adjustment Depreciation    Fair value
                                                arising from of property,   change of                      Other
                                                    business    plant and    financial Undistributed temporary
                                                combination equipment           assets       profits differences           Total
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000


                At January 1, 2019                    10,825       23,301      14,513       182,008            1,619      232,266

                Recognized in profit or loss          (2,014)      36,608      15,525       (38,620)            (198)      11,301
                Effect of PRC withholding tax
                  on dividends                             –            –           –       (71,300)               –       (71,300)
                Exchange adjustment                        –            –          63             –                –            63


                At December 31, 2019 and
                  January 1, 2020                     8,811       59,909       30,101       72,088             1,421     172,330

                Business combination (Note
                  37)                                15,175            –            –            –                 –      15,175
                Recognized in profit or loss         (6,363)      18,247       83,267       10,005              (657)    104,499
                Recognized in other
                  comprehensive income                     –            –      28,456             –                –      28,456
                Exchange adjustment                        –            –      (3,304)            –                –      (3,304)


                At December 31, 2020                 17,623       78,156      138,520       82,093              764      317,156


         (iii) Reconciliation to the consolidated statements of financial position:

                                                                                                   2020                    2019
                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000


                Net deferred tax assets recognized in the consolidated
                  statements of financial position                                               210,093                274,698

                Net deferred tax liabilities recognized in the consolidated
                  statements of financial position                                              (193,598)               (116,604)


                                                                                                      16,495            158,094




                                                                Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020               131
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  29 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     (Continued)

      (c) Deferred tax assets not recognized
          In accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(s), the Group did not recognize deferred tax
          assets of RMB88,703,000 (2019: RMB25,978,000), in respect of cumulative tax losses RMB372,838,000
          (2019: RMB107,236,000) as at December 31, 2020. The Group did not recognize deferred tax assets
          of RMB44,445,000 (2019: RMB49,849,000), in respect of cumulative time differences RMB163,409,000
          (2019: RMB177,557,000) as at December 31, 2020. It was not probable that future taxable profits against
          which the losses and time differences can be utilized will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and
          entities.

      (d) Deferred tax liabilities not recognized
          For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Group did not recognize deferred tax liabilities of
          RMB21,535,000 (2019: RMB35,394,000), in respect of distributable profits of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries
          amounted to RMB430,702,000 (2019: RMB707,874,000), as the Group controls the timing of the reversal
          of temporary differences associated with undistributed profits of these subsidiaries and it has been
          determined that it is probable that certain portion of the undistributed profits earned by the Group’s PRC
          subsidiaries will not be distributed in the foreseeable future in accordance with the Group’s dividend
          policy. As at December 31, 2020, the deferred tax liabilities not recognized in respect of distributable
          profits of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries is RMB56,929,000 (2019: RMB35,394,000).

  30 PROVISION

      Provision for the year ended December 31, 2020

                                                                                                          RMB’000


        At January 1, 2020                                                                                       –
        Provision made during the year                                                                     100,700


        At December 31, 2020                                                                               100,700


      On September 11, 2020, the Group received an investigation notice from State Administration for Market
      Regulation of the PRC (the “SAMR”) in respect of the alleged claim of abuse of a dominant market position in
      connection with an exclusive supply arrangement of raw materials with an overseas third party supplier. On
      January 22, 2021, the Group were imposed a penalty of RMB100,700,000 by SAMR for the results from this
      investigation. The Group made full provision for this matter for the year ended December 31, 2020.




132    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


31 DEFERRED INCOME

    As at December 31, 2020, deferred income represented unamortized conditional government grants
    amounting to RMB447,950,000 (2019: RMB470,525,000) for plant relocation and construction and
    encouragement of technology research and development.

    Deferred income is recognized as income upon the satisfaction of acceptance standards, completion of the
    relocation or amortized over the useful life of the related property, plant and equipment upon the completion
    of the construction.

32 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS

    The Pre-IPO Share Incentive Scheme
    On July 31, 2014, the board of directors of the Company’s immediate parent company, SPHL, adopted the
    Restricted Share Incentive Scheme (the “Pre-IPO Share Incentive Scheme”) and would grant up to 5,583,613
    restricted shares of SPHL on March 31, 2015, April 30, 2016 and April 30, 2018 in tranches. The restricted
    shares were granted to the directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Participants”)
    at a price of RMB20 or at nil price per each restricted share. Each restricted share gives the holder a right
    to receive one ordinary share of SPHL pursuant to the conditions provided for under the Pre-IPO Share
    Incentive Scheme at the end of the respective vesting period. If the performance conditions or service
    conditions are not fulfilled and the corresponding tranche of restricted shares granted cannot be vested, the
    unvested restricted shares will be repurchased and the grant price paid by the Participants will be repaid to
    the Participants.

    On December 10, 2015, in connection with the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Scheme, Excel Management
    Company Limited (“Excel Management”), as the trustee, executed a declaration of trust, pursuant to which
    it was established to hold shares of SPHL, for the benefit of the Participants of the Pre-IPO Share Incentive
    Scheme. On July 8, 2016, SPHL allotted and issued 5,583,613 shares to Excel Management, through ArtKing
    Global Limited, a company controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group. Such 5,583,613
    shares of SPHL held by Excel Management was for the purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Scheme.

    As part of the reorganization, on June 21, 2019, the Company allotted and issued 54,719,407 ordinary shares
    to Excel Management to enable that Excel Management’s shareholding in the Company, whether directly or
    indirectly, will not be diluted as a result of allotment of ordinary shares to other equity shareholders of the
    Company.

    During 2015 and 2016, 507,500 restricted shares, which were forfeited subsequent to the respective grant
    dates due to not achieving relevant service conditions, were repurchased at the grant price by SPHL through
    Excel Management.

    On October 1, 2019, the board of directors of SPHL, approved a new grant of 1,023,000 restricted shares,
    of which 507,500 restricted shares were previously repurchased by SPHL through Excel Management and
    the remaining 515,500 restricted shares were held by Mr. Ren Jinsheng through Excel Management. The
    restricted shares were granted to the Participants at a price of RMB50 per each restricted share or at nil
    price. Each restricted share gives the holder a right to receive the underlying ordinary share held by Excel
    Management pursuant to the conditions provided for under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Scheme at the end
    of the respective vesting period.




                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020     133
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  32 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (a) The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                                                      Number of                                                     Price per
                                               Restricted shares   Vesting period                           restricted share
                                                                                                                         RMB


             Restricted shares granted to
               directors and employees:
             – on March 31, 2015                       1,605,613   March 31, 2015 – March 31, 2017                        Nil
             – on March 31, 2015                       1,662,500   March 31, 2015 – March 31, 2017                        20
             – on March 31, 2015                          30,000   March 31, 2015 – April 30, 2018                        Nil
             – on March 31, 2015                       1,264,500   March 31, 2015 – April 30, 2018                        20
             – on March 31, 2015                          61,500   March 31, 2015 – November 30, 2018                     20
             – on March 31, 2015                          30,000   March 31, 2015 – April 30, 2020                        Nil
             – on March 31, 2015                         707,500   March 31, 2015 – April 30, 2020                        20
             – on April 30, 2016                          66,500   April 30, 2016 – April 30, 2018                        20
             – on April 30, 2018                         155,500   April 30, 2018 – April 30, 2020                        20
             – on October 1, 2019                        180,000   October 1, 2019 – December 31, 2021                    Nil
             – on October 1, 2019                        843,000   October 1, 2019 – December 31, 2021                    50

           Vesting of the restricted shares is conditional upon the operating performance of the Group and the
           service conditions of the Participants. There were no market conditions associated with the restricted
           shares.

      (b) A summary of restricted shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019:

                                                                   2020                                  2019
                                                          Weighted                             Weighted
                                                           average        Number of             average           Number of
                                                         grant-date        restricted         grant-date           restricted
                                                          fair value          shares           fair value             shares
                                                                RMB              ’000                RMB                 ’000


             Balance at the beginning of the year             51.42             1,916              17.42                 893
             Grant during the year                                –                 –              81.10               1,023
             Vested during the year                           17.42              (893)                 –                   –
             Forfeited during the year                        79.65              (136)                 –                   –


             Balance at the end of the year                   81.32                 887            51.42               1,916


           As at December 31, 2020, the average remaining vesting period of the restricted shares granted under
           the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Scheme was 1 year (2019: 1.22 years).




134    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


32 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (c) Fair value of restricted shares granted
        The grant-date fair values of each restricted shares granted are set out below:

                                                         Grant price of each restricted share
           Grant date                                  RMB50                    RMB20                  RMB nil


           March 31, 2015                        Not applicable              RMB11.81                 RMB31.81
           April 30, 2016                        Not applicable              RMB16.38             Not applicable
           April 30, 2018                        Not applicable              RMB40.16             Not applicable
           October 1, 2019                           RMB72.30            Not applicable             RMB122.30

         The grant-date fair value of the restricted shares granted is measured at the difference between the fair
         value of the underlying ordinary shares and the grant price at the respective grant dates.

         Share-based payment expense of RMB32,797,000 (2019: RMB14,151,000) is recognized as staff costs in
         the consolidated statements of profit or loss for the year ended December 31, 2020.

         As at December 31, 2020, RMB Nil (2019: RMB112,029,000) was received from the Participants on behalf
         of SPHL and recorded under “Other payables and accruals” in the consolidated statements of financial
         position.




                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020      135
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  33 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS

      (a) Movement in components of equity
          The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
          consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statements of changes in equity. Details of the
          changes in the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the
          year are set out below:

           The Company

                                                                                       Reserves
                                                                Share        Other     Exchange      Retained
                                                               capital     reserve       reserve       profits      Total
                                                      NOTE    RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


             Balance at January 1, 2019                              34    2,085,626       (4,289)       7,316     2,088,687

             Changes in equity for 2019:
             Profit and total comprehensive
               income for the year                                    –           –        1,568       662,796       664,364
             Ordinary shares issued                   33(c)         176           –            –             –           176
             Appropriation of dividends               33(b)           –           –            –      (635,070)     (635,070)


             Balance at December 31, 2019
               and January 1, 2020                                 210    2,085,626       (2,721)      35,042     2,118,157

             Changes in equity for 2020:
             Issue of ordinary shares by initial
                public offering and over-allotment,
                net of issuance costs                         3,002,661           –             –            –    3,002,661
             Profit and total comprehensive
                income for the year                                   –           –      (93,460)    (131,306)     (224,766)


             Balance at December 31, 2020                     3,002,871   2,085,626      (96,181)     (96,264)    4,896,052


      (b) Dividends
          (i) Dividend payable to equity shareholders of the Company attribute to the year:

                                                                                                 2020                2019
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


                  Dividends proposed after the end of the reporting period
                    of RMB0.15 per ordinary share                                              391,296                     –


                 The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognized as a
                 liability at the end of the reporting period.


136    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


33 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)

    (b) Dividends (Continued)
        (ii) Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial
             years, declared and approved during the year:

                                                                                                       2020                 2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


                  Dividends in respect of previous financial years declared
                    and approved                                                                              –            635,070

    (c) Share capital

                                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                    NOTE              Shares                   HKD


           Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
           At January 1, 2019                                                                           40,000              40,000

           Ordinary shares issued                                                     (i)      2,345,077,618               194,512


           At December 31, 2019 and January 1, 2020                                          2,345,117,618       234,512
           Issues of ordinary shares by initial public offering                       (ii)     263,524,000 3,474,545,000


           At December 31, 2020                                                              2,608,641,618 3,474,779,512

         Notes:

         (i)    Pursuant to a written resolution of the board of directors of the Company passed on June 21, 2019, the share capital
                of the Company increased from HKD40,000 (RMB34,000 equivalent) to HKD234,512 (RMB210,000 equivalent) by the
                creation of additional 2,345,077,618 ordinary shares at nominal value.

         (ii)   On 27 October 2020, the Company issued 260,569,000 shares at an offer price of HKD13.70 per share by way of
                public offering to Hong Kong and overseas investors. Net proceeds from these issues amounted to HKD3,435,111,000
                (RMB2,968,578,000 equivalent) (after offsetting costs directly attributable to the issue of shares of HKD134,684,000),
                which were recorded in share capital.

                On 18 November 2020, pursuant to the partly exercise of the over-allotment option by the joint global coordinators
                of the initial public offering, the Company allotted and issued an additional 2,955,000 shares at the offer price
                of HKD13.70 per share. The additional net proceeds from the exercise of over-allotment option amounted to
                HKD39,434,000 (RMB34,083,000 equivalent) (after offsetting costs directly attributable to the issue of shares of
                HKD1,050,000), which were recorded in share capital.


         In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary shares of the
         Company do not have a par value.

         The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are
         entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard
         to the Company’s residual assets.




                                                               Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020               137
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  33 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)

      (d) Nature and purpose of reserves
          (i) Other reserve
              Other reserve primarily represented: (i) the paid-in capital of Simcere Pharmaceutical and Hainan
              Simcere prior to the transactions in June and August 2017 respectively, during the course of the
              reorganization under common control; (ii) the difference between the carrying value of the net
              assets acquired and the consideration paid for the acquisition of subsidiaries and non-controlling
              interests prior to the January 1, 2017 and during the course of the reorganization under common
              control; (iii) the accumulated share based compensation for the unexercised share options, which
              were cancelled upon the privatization of the former holding company of the Group’s substantial
              operating business, Simcere Investments Group (formerly known as Simcere Pharmaceutical
              Group); and (iv) the portion of the grant date fair value of restricted shares granted by SPHL to the
              directors of the Company and employees of the Group that has been recognized in accordance
              with the accounting policy adopted for share-based payments in Note 2(r)(ii).

           (ii) PRC statutory reserve
                Statutory reserve is established in accordance with the relevant PRC rules and regulations and the
                articles of association of the companies comprising the Group which are incorporated in the PRC.

                In accordance with the PRC Company Law, certain subsidiaries of the Group which are domestic
                enterprises are required to allocate 10% of their profit after tax, as determined in accordance with
                the relevant PRC accounting standards, to their respective statutory reserves until the reserves
                reach 50% of their respective registered capital. For the entity concerned, statutory reserves
                can be used to make good previous years’ losses, if any, and may be converted into capital in
                proportion to the existing equity interests of investors, provided that the balance of the reserve
                after such conversion is not less than 25% of the entity’s registered capital.

           (iii) Exchange reserve
                 The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of
                 the financial statements of operations with functional currency other than RMB. The reserve is
                 dealt with in accordance with the accounting policy as set out in Note 2(v).

           (iv) Fair value reserves (non-recycling)
                The fair value reserve (non-recycling) comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of
                equity investments designated at FVOCI under HKFRS 9 that are held at the end of the reporting
                period (see Note 2(g)).

      (e) Capital management
          The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue
          as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other
          stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing
          access to finance at a reasonable cost.

           The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintaining a balance
           between the higher shareholders returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and
           the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital
           structure in light of changes in economic conditions.



138    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


33 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)

    (e) Capital management (Continued)
        The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of an adjusted net gearing ratio. For this purpose,
        the Group defines net debt as total current and non-current bank loans, loans from related parties
        and lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits. The Group defines capital as
        including all components of equity.

         The Group’s adjusted net debt to capital ratio are as follows:

                                                                                               2020                2019
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


           Current liabilities:
           Bank loans                                                                      1,792,940           1,643,978
           Lease liabilities                                                                  38,098              26,206


                                                                                           1,831,038           1,670,184

           Non-current liabilities:
           Bank loans                                                                      1,275,550           1,139,171
           Lease liabilities                                                                 193,430             131,601


                                                                                           1,468,980           1,270,772

           Total borrowings                                                                3,300,018           2,940,956
           Add: Proposed dividends                                                           391,296                   –
           Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                (3,270,241)           (354,804)
                 Pledged and restricted deposits                                            (917,380)           (290,962)


           Adjusted net debt (Note (a))                                                               –        2,295,190


           Total equity                                                                    5,335,724           1,480,464
           Less: Proposed dividends                                                         (391,296)                  –


           Adjusted capital                                                                4,944,428           1,480,464
           Adjusted net debt to capital ratio                                                     0%               155%

         (a)   Net debt is zero when the amount of cash and cash equivalent and pledged deposits of the Group is higher than
               gross debt.




                                                           Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020          139
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  34 CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

      Capital commitments outstanding at the respective year end not provided for in the consolidated financial
      statements are as follows:

                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


        Contracted for                                                               127,910           285,066


        Represented by:
        Construction of plant and buildings                                          113,096           219,672
        Acquisition of machinery and equipment                                        14,814            65,394


                                                                                     127,910           285,066


  35 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      (a) Key management personnel remuneration
          Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the Company’s
          directors as disclosed in Note 8 and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed in Note 9 is as
          follows:

                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


             Short-term employee benefits                                              30,708            18,637
             Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                       176               257
             Equity settled share-based payment expenses                               14,503             4,214


                                                                                       45,387            23,108


           Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see Note 6(b)).




140    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


35 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (b) Names and relationships of the related parties that had other material transactions with
        the Group:

           Name of related party                              Relationship


           Mr. Ren Jinsheng                                   Ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group
           Ms. Wang Xi                                        The spouse of the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                of the Group
           Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited             Immediate parent of the Group
           Xuancheng Menovo Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.          Associate of the Group
           BCY Pharm Co., Ltd.                                Associate of the Group
           Jiangsu Simcare Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.           Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                of the Group
           Simcare Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.           Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                of the Group
           Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.      Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                of the Group
           Nanjing Fuantang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.          Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                                                                controlling shareholder of the Group
           Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd.                  Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                                                                controlling shareholder of the Group
           Beijing Xiangxiang Wuxian Technology Co., Ltd.     Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                                                                controlling shareholder of the Group
           BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group          Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
             Co., Ltd.                                          of the Group
           Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co. Ltd.              Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                of the Group
           Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd.       Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                of the Group
           Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.      Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                                                                controlling shareholder of the Group
           Nanjing BioSciKin Pharmaceutical Industrial        Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
             Co., Ltd.                                          of the Group
           Hainan Simcere BioSciKin Technology                Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
             Development Co., Ltd.                              of the Group
           Shanghai BioSciKin Investment Management           Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
             Co., Ltd.                                          of the Group
           Nanjing BioSciKin Technology Development           Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
             Co., Ltd.                                          of the Group
           Nanjing BioSciKin Innovative Pharmaceutical        Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
             Retail Co., Ltd.                                   of the Group




                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020   141
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  35 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (b) Names and relationships of the related parties that had other material transactions with
          the Group: (Continued)

             Name of related party                               Relationship


             Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Industrial Co., Ltd.         Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                                                                   controlling shareholder of the Group
             Jiangsu BioSciKin Transformation Medical            Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                Technology Co., Ltd.                               of the Group
             State Good Group Limited                            Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                   of the Group
             Simcere Investments Group                           Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                   of the Group
             Simcere Industrial Co., Limited                     Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                   of the Group
             Nanjing Xiansheng Medical Laboratory Co., Ltd.      Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                                                                   controlling shareholder of the Group
             3D Biological Medicines (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.        Associate of the Group
             Jiangsu Medical Industry Research Institute         Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                Co., Ltd.                                          controlling shareholder of the Group
             Shanghai Youxu Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.          Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                                                                   controlling shareholder of the Group

      (c) Guarantees issued by related parties

                                                                                          2020              2019
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


             Guarantees and pledges to banks for granting banking facilities            547,800           783,500


           At December 31, 2020 and 2019, certain bank facilities granted to the Group in Note 25 were guaranteed
           by Mr. Ren Jinsheng, the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group, and his spouse, Ms. Wang Xi,
           and Nanjing BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd.. This company is controlled by the ultimate
           controlling shareholder of the Group.




142    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


35 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (d) Other significant related party transactions
        The Group had following transactions with related parties:

                                                                                         2020              2019
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


           Purchase of goods
           Jiangsu Simcare Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                      9,437              7,292
           Simcare Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                        180                665
           Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd.                                               479                367
           Beijing Xiangxiang Wuxian Technology Co., Ltd.                                    –                  9
           Xuancheng Menovo Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                       570                753


                                                                                        10,666              9,086


           Purchase of services
           BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                              71                  9
           Jiangsu BioSciKin Transformation Medical Technology Co., Ltd.                    64                  –
           Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co. Ltd.                                         1,005              1,075
           Nanjing Xiansheng Medical Laboratory Co., Ltd.                                1,785                  –
           Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                      –                  1
           Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                                     –                480


                                                                                         2,925              1,565


           Sales of goods
           Jiangsu Simcare Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                     15,504              9,099
           Simcare Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                      2,961              1,549


                                                                                        18,465            10,648


           Rendering of services
           BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                              47                87
           Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                                46,821            42,618
           Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                                   410               488
           Nanjing BioSciKin Innovative Pharmaceutical Retail Co., Ltd.                    883                 –


                                                                                        48,161            43,193




                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020      143
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  35 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (d) Other significant related party transactions (Continued)


                                                                               2020      2019
                                                                            RMB’000   RMB’000


             Acquisition of equity interest in subsidiaries under
               common control, an associate, a joint venture and
               other investments
             BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                  –   649,412


                                                                                  –   649,412


             Receiving rental, property management and
               other related services
             Nanjing BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd.                   –     2,942
             BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.             48,449    52,096
             Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd.                     2,719     3,221
             Nanjing BioSciKin Innovative Pharmaceutical Retail Co., Ltd.       704       750


                                                                             51,872    59,009


             Providing rental, property management and
               other related services
             Shanghai Youxu Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.                          24         –
             3D Biological Medicines (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                       860         –


                                                                                884         –


             Purchase of property, plant and equipment
             BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                  –        21


                                                                                  –        21


             Payments made on behalf of the Group
             BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                  –     2,117
             Jiangsu Medical Industry Research Institute Co., Ltd.              845         –
             Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Industrial Co., Ltd.                      1,461        16


                                                                              2,306     2,133




144    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


35 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (d) Other significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                                        2020              2019
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


           Payments made on behalf of related parties
           Simcare Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                          –               357
           Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                                     –             1,160
           Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited                                            –               390


                                                                                             –             1,907


           Government grants received on behalf of a related party
           Nanjing BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd.                                –          175,063


           Advance to an associate
           BCY Pharm Co., Ltd.                                                               –             4,000


           Cash received under share incentive scheme
           Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited                                            –           44,300


           New loans from related parties
           Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited                                      35,506            11,791
           State Good Group Limited                                                         –                 5


                                                                                       35,506            11,796


           Interest expenses on loans from related parties
           Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited                                         298              1,901
           State Good Group Limited                                                         –              2,160
           Nanjing BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd.                               –              2,545


                                                                                          298              6,606


           New loans to related parties
           BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                               –          227,615
           Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited                                            –          189,013
           Simcere Industrial Co., Limited                                                   –                6


                                                                                             –          416,634




                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020      145
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  35 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (d) Other significant related party transactions (Continued)


                                                                                      2020      2019
                                                                                   RMB’000   RMB’000


             Interest income on loans to related parties
             BCY Pharm Co., Ltd.                                                       130         –
             Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited                                      –     3,816
             BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                         –     9,639
             Shanghai BioSciKin Investment Management Co., Ltd.                          –     7,896


                                                                                       130    21,351


      (e) Significant related party balances
          The Group had following trade in nature balances with related parties:

           Trade in nature:

                                                                                      2020      2019
                                                                                   RMB’000   RMB’000


             Trade receivables (Note 22)
             Jiangsu Simcare Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                3,074       620
             Simcare Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                1,086        66
             Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                           4,533     8,736
             Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                              36       439
             3D Biological Medicines (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                              278         –
             Shanghai Youxu Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.                                  3         –


                                                                                     9,010     9,861


             Prepayments, deposits and other receivables (Note 23)
             Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd.                                         124        26
             Nanjing BioSciKin Innovative Pharmaceutical Retail Co., Ltd.                7         –
             Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                           5,000     5,000
             Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd.                               28         –
             Jiangsu Simcare Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                  195         –


                                                                                     5,354     5,026




146    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


35 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (e) Significant related party balances (Continued)

                                                                                         2020              2019
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


           Trade payables (Note 27)
           Jiangsu Simcare Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                           –             1,637


                                                                                              –             1,637


           Other payables and accruals (Note 28)
           Nanjing BioSciKin Innovative Pharmaceutical Retail Co., Ltd.                      –               150
           Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                                     –               480
           Simcare Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                          –                 1
           Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co. Ltd.                                           562               213
           Jiangsu Simcare Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                        503                74
           Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                      –               135
           BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                             696            10,424
           3D Biological Medicines (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                    200                 –


                                                                                         1,961            11,477


         The Group had following non-trade in nature balances with related parties:

         Non-trade in nature:

                                                                                         2020              2019
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


           Interest in associates (Note 16)
           BCY Pharm Co., Ltd.                                                                –             4,000


           Other payables and accruals (Note 28)
           Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited                                             –          112,029


           Lease liabilities                                                           128,994           121,743




                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020      147
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  35 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (f)   Leasing arrangements
            In 2020, the Group entered into three new leases in respect of certain leasehold properties from
            related parties of the Group for research and development activities or office use, with lease term of
            four-and-half-year, five-year and five-year, respectively. The amounts of rent payable by the Group
            under these leases is RMB571,000, RMB34,000, and RMB8,000, respectively, per month, which
            was determined with reference to amounts charged by the related parties to third parties. At the
            commencement date of the lease, the Group recognized a right-of-use asset and a lease liability of
            RMB30,252,000, RMB1,931,000 and RMB440,000, respectively.

      (g) Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions
          Apart from purchasing of goods from Xuancheng Menovo Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., providing rental,
          property management and other related services to 3D Biological Medicines (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and
          interest income from loans to BCY Pharm Co., Ltd., the related party transactions mentioned in Note
          35 (c)(d) above constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined
          in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are
          provided under the section “Continuing Connected Transactions” in the Report of Directors.

            Providing rental, property management and other related services to Shanghai Youxu Medical
            Equipment Co., Ltd., purchasing of goods from Jiangsu Simcare Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Simcare
            Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd., rendering of services to Jiangsu
            Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd and Nanjing BioSciKin Innovative Pharmaceutical Retail Co., Ltd.,
            purchasing of service from Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co. Ltd., receiving guarantee issued by Mr.
            Ren Jinsheng and his spouse, are continuing connected transactions but are exempted from these
            disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules as they are below the de minimis threshold
            under Rule 14A.76(1) or they are financial assistance under Rule 14A.90.

            Apart from these transactions, none of the other related party transactions mentioned in Note 35 fall
            under the definition of a connected transaction or continuing connected transactions as defined in
            Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




148    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


36 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS

    Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s
    business. The Group’s exposure to these risks and financial risk management policies and practices used by
    the Group to manage these risks are described below:

    (a) Credit risk
        Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting
        in a financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade and other
        receivables. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents, restricted
        deposits and bills receivable is limited because the counterparties are reputable financial institutions
        with high credit standing, for which the Group considers to have low credit risk.

         The Group does not provide any guarantees which would expose the Group to credit risk.

         Trade receivables
         The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each
         customer rather than the industry or country in which the customers operate and therefore significant
         concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to individual
         customers. As at December 31, 2020, 4% (2019: 5%) of trade receivables were due from the Group’s
         largest customer and 11% (2019: 14%) of trade receivables were due from the Group’s five largest
         customers.

         Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount.
         These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current
         ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the
         economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade receivables are due within 30 to 90 days
         from the date of billing. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

         The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which
         is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate
         significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past
         due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.




                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020     149
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  36 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      (a) Credit risk (Continued)
          Trade receivables (Continued)
          The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
          receivables at the end of each reporting period:

                                                                          At December 31, 2020
                                                                  Expected Gross carrying              Loss
                                                                   loss rate     amount           allowance
                                                                          %     RMB’000            RMB’000


             Current (not past due)                                    0.2%          667,170           2,837
             Less than 3 months past due                               0.4%          671,507           3,649
             More than 3 months but less than
             12 months past due                                       3.2%           173,399           5,648
             More than 12 months past due                            82.9%            10,502           8,707


                                                                                   1,522,578          20,841


                                                                           At December 31, 2019
                                                                   Expected     Gross carrying          Loss
                                                                    loss rate         amount       allowance
                                                                           %         RMB’000        RMB’000


             Current (not past due)                                    0.2%           522,956           1,183
             Less than 3 months past due                               0.4%           412,020           1,790
             More than 3 months but less than
             12 months past due                                        5.6%            37,355           2,074
             More than 12 months past due                             60.5%            12,786           7,739


                                                                                      985,117          12,786




150    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


36 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    (a) Credit risk (Continued)
        Trade receivables (Continued)
        Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past years. These rates are adjusted
        to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic data has
        been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives
        of the receivables.

         Movement in the loss allowance in respect of trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                         2020              2019
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


             At the beginning of the year                                                12,786            11,998
             Impairment loss recognized                                                   8,055               788


             At the end of the year                                                      20,841            12,786


         The following significant changes in the gross carrying amounts of trade receivables contributed to the
         change in the loss allowance:

         –      origination of new trade receivables net of those settled resulted in an increase in loss allowance
                of RMB1,654,000 (2019: a decrease of RMB126,000); and

         –      change in past due trade receivables resulted in an increase in loss allowance of RMB6,401,000
                (2019: RMB914,000).

    (b) Liquidity risk
        Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management,
        including the short term investment of cash surpluses and the raising of loans to cover expected cash
        demands, subject to approval by the parent company’s board when the borrowings exceed certain
        predetermined levels of authority. The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements
        and its compliance with lending covenants to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and
        adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements
        in the short and longer term.




                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020      151
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  36 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      (b) Liquidity risk (Continued)
          The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of each reporting period
          of the Group’s financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
          interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the
          reporting date) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                                At December 31, 2020
                                                                  More than More than                                 Carrying
                                                       Within     1 year but 2 years but                            amount at
                                                  1 year or on     less than   less than      More than            December 31,
                                                      demand         2 years     5 years        5 years      Total       2020
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000


             Bank loans                             1,854,521     1,246,393        44,377             –    3,145,291    3,068,490
             Lease liabilities                         46,533        45,630       112,019        58,033      262,215      231,528
             Trade and bills payables                 242,077             –             –             –      242,077      242,077
             Other payables and accruals            1,323,343             –             –             –    1,323,343    1,323,343


                                                    3,466,474     1,292,023       156,396        58,033    4,972,926    4,865,438


                                                                                 At December 31, 2019
                                                                   More than     More than                               Carrying
                                                         Within    1 year but   2 years but                             amount at
                                                   1 year or on     less than     less than    More than             December 31,
                                                       demand         2 years       5 years      5 years       Total        2019
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000


             Bank loans                              1,719,142       246,708       920,729        16,715    2,903,294    2,783,149
             Lease liabilities                          32,505        31,801        94,068        19,369      177,743      157,807
             Trade and bills payables                  254,851             –             –             –      254,851      254,851
             Other payables and accruals             1,417,945             –             –             –    1,417,945    1,417,945


                                                     3,424,443       278,509     1,014,797        36,084    4,753,833    4,613,752




152    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


36 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    (c) Interest rate risk
        The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from short-term and long-term borrowings. Borrowings
        issued at variable rates and at fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk and fair value
        interest rate risk respectively. The Group’s interest rate profile as monitored by management is set out
        in (i) below:

         (i)   Interest rate profile
               The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s total borrowings as at the end of
               each reporting period:

                                                                            2020                            2019
                                                                    Effective                       Effective
                                                                Interest rate       Amount      Interest rate       Amount
                                                                            %      RMB’000                 %       RMB’000


                Fixed rate borrowings:
                Bank loans                                     0.57% – 4.28%       2,792,528 0.37% – 4.90%         2,783,149
                Lease liabilities                              3.21% – 4.54%         231,528         4.54%           157,807


                                                                           –       3,024,056               –       2,940,956

                Variable rate borrowings:
                Bank loans                                        3M-LIBOR          275,962                               –
                                                                    +1.1% –
                                                                3M-EURIBOR
                                                                    +0.55%


                Total borrowings                                                   3,300,018                       2,940,956


                Fixed rate borrowings as a percentage of
                  total borrowings                                                      92%                           100%

         (ii) Sensitivity analysis
              At December 31, 2020, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in
              interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s
              profit after tax and retained profits by approximately RMB2,249,000 (2019: RMB Nil).

               The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax
               (and retained profits) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise assuming that
               the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied
               to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair
               value interest rate risk at the end of the reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow
               interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-derivative instruments held by the Group at the end
               of the reporting period, the impact on the Group’s profit after tax (and retained profits) and other
               components of consolidated equity is estimated as an annualized impact on interest expense or
               income of such a change in interest rates. The analysis is performed on the same basis as 2019.

                                                           Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020             153
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  36 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      (d) Currency risk
          The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and borrowings which give rise to cash
          balances and bank loans that are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the
          operations to which the transactions relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily USD,
          EUR, GBP and HKD.

           (i)   Exposure to currency risk
                 The following table details the Group’s exposure as at December 31, 2020 to currency risk arising
                 from the recognized assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional
                 currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purpose, the amounts of exposure
                 are shown in RMB translated using the spot rate of the end of each reporting period. Differences
                 resulting from the translation of the financial statements of the Group’s subsidiaries with functional
                 currency other than RMB into the Group’s presentation currency are excluded.

                                                                                            2020               2019
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


                  USD
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                  9,902                 66


                  Net exposure                                                               9,902                 66


                                                                                            2020               2019
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


                  EUR
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                    27                967
                  Bank loans                                                             (862,486)          (647,583)
                  Trade and other receivables                                               2,176                  –
                  Trade and other payables                                                 (1,969)                 –


                  Net exposure                                                           (862,252)          (646,616)




154    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


36 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    (d) Currency risk (Continued)
        (i) Exposure to currency risk (Continued)

                                                                                                2020                2019
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


                GBP
                Cash and cash equivalents                                                         21                     25
                Trade and other receivables                                                    3,188                      –


                Net exposure                                                                   3,209                     25


         (ii) Sensitivity analysis
              The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and retained
              profits) that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has significant exposure
              at the end of each reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables
              remained constant. In this respect, it is assumed that the pegged rate between the Hong Kong
              dollar and the United States dollar would be materially unaffected by any changes in movement in
              value of the United States dollar against other currencies.

                                                                       2020                               2019
                                                               Increase/        Effect on        Increase/        Effect on
                                                             (decrease)       profit after      (decrease)       profit after
                                                              in foreign          tax and        in foreign         tax and
                                                              exchange           retained        exchange          retained
                                                                   rates           profits            rates          profits
                                                                       %        RMB’000                   %        RMB’000


                USD                                                  5%               371               5%                 2
                                                                    (5%)             (371)             (5%)               (2)

                EUR                                                  5%          (35,040)               5%          (26,920)
                                                                    (5%)          35,040               (5%)          26,920

                GBP                                                  5%               136               5%                 1
                                                                    (5%)             (136)             (5%)               (1)




                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020                   155
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  36 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      (d) Currency risk (Continued)
          (ii) Sensitivity analysis (Continued)
               Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the
               instantaneous effects on each of the Group subsidiaries’ profit after tax and equity measured in the
               respective functional currencies, translated into RMB at the exchange rate ruling at the end of each
               reporting period for presentation purpose.

                The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to
                re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to foreign
                currency risk as at December 31, 2020. The analysis excludes differences that would result from
                the translation of the financial statements of entities whose functional currency is not RMB. The
                analysis is performed on the same basis for the year ended December 31, 2019.

      (e) Fair value measurement
          Fair value hierarchy
          The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end
          of each reporting period on a recurring basis, categorized into the three-level fair value hierarchy
          as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is
          classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the
          valuation technique as follows:

           –    Level 1 valuations:      Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices
                                         in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date;

           –    Level 2 valuations:      Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to
                                         meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable
                                         inputs are inputs for which market data are not available;

           –    Level 3 valuations:      Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.




156    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


36 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    (e) Fair value measurement (Continued)
        Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
        Analysis on fair value measurement of derivative financial instruments as at December 31, 2020 are as
        follows:

                                                                   Fair value at
                                                                  December 31,          Fair value measurement at
                                                                           2020     December 31, 2020 categorized into
                                                                       RMB’000       Level 1         Level 2         Level 3


           Recurring fair value measurement

           Financial assets at FVOCI
           – Listed equity securities                                   297,232      297,232               –              –
           – Unlisted equity securities                                  30,423            –               –         30,423

           Financial assets at FVPL
           – Unlisted investments                                        73,603            –               –         73,603
           – Unlisted units in investment funds                       1,158,098            –               –      1,158,098

           Trading securities
           – Listed equity securities                                     3,634        3,634               –               –

                                                                    Fair value at
                                                                   December 31,          Fair value measurement at
                                                                            2019     December 31, 2019 categorized into
                                                                        RMB’000       Level 1        Level 2          Level 3


           Recurring fair value measurement

           Financial assets at FVOCI
           – Listed equity securities                                     43,179      43,179               –               –
           – Unlisted equity securities                                  114,010           –               –         114,010

           Financial assets at FVPL
           – Unlisted investments                                         64,115           –               –          64,115
           – Unlisted units in investment funds                          837,726           –               –         837,726
           – Structured deposits and wealth management products          543,938           –               –         543,938

           Trading securities
           – Listed equity securities                                      3,058       3,058               –               –

         During the year ended December 31, 2019, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, or
         transfers into or out of Level 3. During the year ended December 31, 2020, there were transfers of
         amount of RMB296,387,000 (2019: RMB nil), respectively, from Level 3 to Level 1 due to the listing of the
         equity security. The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at
         the end of the reporting period in which they occur.




                                                             Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020            157
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  36 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      (e) Fair value measurement (Continued)
          Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                          Valuation techniques               Significant unobservable inputs


             Unlisted equity securities                   Valuation multiples (Note i) Changing trend of medium
                                                                                         market multiples of comparable
                                                                                         companies

             Unlisted investments                         Valuation multiples (Note i) Changing trend of medium
                                                                                         market multiples of comparable
                                                                                         companies

             Unlisted units in investment funds           Net asset value (Note ii)          Net asset value of underlying
                                                                                               investments

           Notes:

           (i)    The fair value of certain unlisted investments is determined using valuation multiples adjusted for changing trend
                  of medium market multiples of comparable companies. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to the
                  changing trend of medium market multiples of comparable companies. As at December 31, 2020, it is estimated that
                  with all other variables held constant, an increase/decrease in change of medium market multiples of comparable
                  companies by 5% would have increased/decreased the Group’s profit for the year by RMB4,421,000 (2019:
                  RMB1,874,000).

           (ii)   The fair value of unlisted units in investment funds is determined referencing net asset value of underlying
                  investments. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to net asset value of underlying investments. As at
                  December 31, 2020, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, an increase/decrease in net asset value
                  of underlying investments by 5% would have increased/decreased the Group’s profit for the year by RMB49,219,000
                  (2019: RMB35,603,000).


           The fair values of unlisted equity securities, unlisted investments and unlisted units in investment
           funds are determined using the recent comparable transaction price, if available, valuation multiples
           technique with comparable companies or net asset value of underlying investments. The fair values
           of the structured deposits and wealth management products have been calculated by discounting the
           expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk
           and remaining maturities.




158    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


36 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    (e) Fair value measurement (Continued)
        Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (Continued)
        The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair
        value measurement in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                    Financial        Financial
                                                                    assets at        assets at
                                                                       FVOCI             FVPL             Total
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


           As at January 1, 2019                                             –        1,120,726        1,120,726


           Net realized and unrealized gains on financial
             assets at fair value through profit or loss                     –           18,837           18,837
           Equity investments at FVOCI – net movement
             in fair value reserves (non-recycling)                    (23,091)               –           (23,091)
           Purchases                                                  137,101         1,272,954        1,410,055
           Sales and settlements                                             –         (972,980)        (972,980)
           Exchange difference                                               –            6,242             6,242


           As at December 31, 2019 and January 1, 2020               114,010         1,445,779        1,559,789


           Net realized and unrealized losses on financial
             assets at fair value through profit or loss                     –         399,959          399,959
           Equity investments at FVOCI – net movement
             in fair value reserves (non-recycling)                  212,800                 –          212,800
           Purchases                                                       –           103,772          103,772
           Sales and settlements                                           –          (686,654)        (686,654)
           Exchange difference                                             –           (31,155)         (31,155)
           Transfer into Level 1                                    (296,387)                –         (296,387)


           As at December 31, 2020                                     30,423        1,231,701        1,262,124


         All financial instruments carried at cost or amortized cost are at amounts not materially different from
         their values as at December 31, 2020.




                                                       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020       159
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  37 BUSINESS COMBINATION

      On April 30, 2020, Nanjing BioSciKin Biotechnology Development Co., Ltd., the Group’s wholly owned
      subsidiary incorporated in the PRC, entered into an agreement with BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. and its
      shareholders, and acquired additional 19.14% equity interest of BCY Pharm Co., Ltd., through additional
      capital injection of RMB40,000,000. Upon the completion of the transaction on May 13, 2020, the Group held
      52.14% equity interest in BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. and BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. became a subsidiary of the Group.

      The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the
      date of acquisition:

                                                                                                    Fair value on
                                                                                                      acquisition
                                                                                                        RMB’000


        Property, plant and equipment                                                                          174
        Intangible assets                                                                                  60,700
        Prepayments and deposits                                                                               150
        Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                        14,377
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          23,879
        Trade and bills payables                                                                              (457)
        Other payables and accruals                                                                         (1,780)
        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                          (15,175)


        Identified net assets                                                                              81,868

        Less:

        Non-controlling interest, based on proportionate interest in the recognized assets of
          identified net assets                                                                           (39,182)


        Group’s share of net assets of BCY Pharm Co., Ltd.                                                 42,686


      Goodwill arising from the acquisition has been recognized as below:

                                                                                                        RMB’000


        Cash consideration through capital injection                                                       40,000
        Non-controlling interest, based on proportionate interest in the recognized assets of
          identified net assets                                                                            39,182
        Fair value of pre-existing 33% of equity interest in BCY Pharm Co., Ltd.                           33,000
        Fair value of identifiable net assets                                                             (81,868)


        Goodwill                                                                                           30,314




160    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


37 BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)

    Satisfied by:

                                                                                                       RMB’000


      Cash consideration through capital injection                                                       40,000


      Carrying amount of interest in BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. prior to business combination                   31,238
      Gain arising from business combination                                                              1,762


      Group’s share of net assets of BCY Pharm Co., Ltd.                                                 33,000


      Total consideration                                                                                73,000


    Analysis of the net cash inflow in respect of business combination:

                                                                                                       RMB’000


      Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                 23,879

      Less: cash consideration paid through capital injection during
              the year ended December 31, 2020                                                           (22,120)


      Net cash inflow on acquisition                                                                       1,759


    The fair value of net identifiable assets of BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. is determined by the directors of the Company
    with reference to the valuation performed by independent valuation firm on the acquisition date.

    From the date of acquisition to December 31, 2020, BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. contributed revenue of RMB nil and
    net loss of RMB10,962,000.




                                                      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020       161
  Notes to the Financial Statements
  (Expressed in Renminbi)


  38 COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                          2020      2019
                                                                                       RMB’000   RMB’000


        Non-current assets
        Property, plant and equipment                                                     37           320
        Interest in subsidiaries                                                   3,067,609     2,100,071
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                        223,075       226,474

                                                                                   3,290,721     2,326,865

        Current assets
        Other receivables                                                              6,827       87,621
        Loans to related parties                                                      82,808       90,951
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                  1,915,804        2,385

                                                                                   2,005,439      180,957

        Current liabilities
        Bank loans                                                                     179,192    174,522
        Loans from related parties                                                     111,074    203,904
        Lease liabilities                                                                    –        264
        Other payables                                                                   9,142      2,675
        Provisions                                                                     100,700          –
        Taxation payable                                                                     –      8,300

                                                                                       400,108    389,665

        Net current assets/(liabilities)                                           1,605,331      (208,708)

        Total assets less current liabilities                                      4,896,052     2,118,157

        NET ASSETS                                                                 4,896,052     2,118,157

        CAPITAL AND RESERVES
        Share capital                                                              3,002,871           210
        Reserves                                                                   1,893,181     2,117,947

        TOTAL EQUITY                                                               4,896,052     2,118,157

      Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on March 25, 2021.

                                                                 )
      Ren Jinsheng                                               )
                                                                 )
                                                                 )
                                                                 )   Directors
                                                                 )
      Wan Yushan                                                 )
                                                                 )
                                                                 )


162    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
Notes to the Financial Statements
(Expressed in Renminbi)


39 NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

    (a)   After the end of the reporting period the directors proposed a final dividend. Further details are
          disclosed in Note 33(b).

    (b)   On January 18, 2021, Simcere Pharmaceutical entered into a share purchase agreement with the
          original shareholders of Jiangsu Xinhaikang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Xinhaikang”) to purchase
          51% of its shares. The total consideration of the transaction is RMB58,898,000. The Group is assessing
          the fair value of assets and liabilities of the Jiangsu Xinhaikang on the completion date.

40 IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY

    At December 31, 2020, the directors of the Company consider the immediate parent of the Group is Simcere
    Pharmaceutical Holding Limited, a company incorporated in Cayman Islands. The ultimate controlling party
    of the Group is Mr. Ren Jinsheng, Chairman of the Group. Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited does not
    produce financial statements available for public use.

41 P O S S I B L E I M P A C T O F A M E N D M E N T S , N E W S T A N D A R D S A N D
   INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED
   DECEMBER 31, 2020

    Up to date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of amendments and a
    new standard, HKFRS 17, Insurance Contracts, which are not yet effective for the year ended December
    31, 2020 and which have not been adopted in these financial statements. These developments include the
    following which may be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                                     Effective for
                                                                                               accounting periods
                                                                                                    beginning on
                                                                                                          or after


      Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16,                                 January 1, 2021
        Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2
      Amendments to HKFRS 3, Reference to the Conceptual Framework                                   January 1, 2022
      Amendments to HKAS 16, Property, Plant and Equipment:                                          January 1, 2022
        Proceeds before Intended Use
      Amendments to HKAS 37, Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract                       January 1, 2022
      Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 Cycle                                                  January 1, 2022
      Amendments to HKAS 1, Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current                  January 1, 2023
      HKFRS 17, Insurance contracts                                                                  January 1, 2023
      Amendments to HKFRS 4, Extension of the temporary exemption from applying                      January 1, 2023
        HKFRS 9
      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28, Sale or contribution of                                     No mandatory
        assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture                              effective date yet
                                                                                                         determined

    The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected
    to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a
    significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.

                                                        Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020         163
  Financial Summary

  RESULTS

                                                           2020          2019          2018          2017
                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


      Revenue                                          4,508,720     5,036,658     4,514,204     3,867,908
      Cost of sales                                     (899,927)     (888,486)     (771,195)     (586,301)


      Gross profit                                     3,608,793     4,148,172     3,743,009     3,281,607

      Other revenue                                      114,964         91,507        67,538        70,351
      Other net gain                                     326,924         15,941        90,501      (175,939)
      Research and development costs                  (1,141,996)      (716,412)     (447,148)     (212,309)
      Selling and distribution expenses               (1,570,373)    (2,016,222)   (2,221,757)   (2,155,662)
      Administrative and other operating
        expenses                                        (411,476)     (351,676)     (290,202)     (277,469)


      Profit from operations                             926,836     1,171,310       941,941       530,579

      Finance income                                      26,248        34,724         36,253        25,146
      Finance costs                                     (133,729)     (115,955)       (47,534)      (58,441)


      Net finance costs                                 (107,481)       (81,231)      (11,281)      (33,295)


      Share of losses of associates                       (13,874)       (8,129)       (1,616)            –
      Share of losses of a joint venture                     (393)         (135)            –             –


      Profit before taxation                             805,088     1,081,815       929,044       497,284

      Income tax                                        (140,801)       (78,191)    (195,357)     (146,872)


      Profit for the year                                664,287     1,003,624       733,687       350,412


  ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                           2020          2019          2018          2017
                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


      Total assets                                    10,943,410      6,766,870     6,338,335     5,195,018
      Total liabilities                               (5,607,686)    (5,286,406)   (4,773,201)   (3,413,865)
      Total equity                                    (5,335,724)    (1,480,464)   (1,565,134)   (1,781,153)




164       Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited Annual Report 2020
