CONTENTS
2     Corporate Information

4     Financial Highlights

5     Company Overview

6     Chairman’s Statement

7     Management Discussion and Analysis

39    Directors’ Report

72    Corporate Governance Report

97    Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

106   Independent Auditor’s Report

113   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

114   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

115   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

117   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

119   Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

121   Notes to the Financial Statements

230   Financial Summary
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                          NOMINATION COMMITTEE

    Mr. REN Jinsheng                                             Mr. SONG Ruilin (Chairman)
      (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)                     Mr. REN Jinsheng
    Mr. TANG Renhong                                             Ms. WANG Xi(1)
    Mr. WAN Yushan                                               Mr. WANG Jianguo
    Ms. WANG Xi   (1)
                                                                 Mr. SUNG Ka Woon(2)


    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                          STRATEGY COMMITTEE

    Mr. SONG Ruilin                                              Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman)
    Mr. WANG Jianguo                                             Mr. TANG Renhong
    Mr. WANG Xinhua                                              Mr. WANG Jianguo
    Mr. SUNG Ka Woon(2)
                                                                 JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                                 Mr. WAN Yushan
    Mr. WANG Xinhua (Chairman)                                   Ms. MAK Po Man Cherie
    Mr. SONG Ruilin
    Mr. WANG Jianguo                                             AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

                                                                 Mr. WAN Yushan
    REMUNERATION AND APPRAISAL COMMITTEE
                                                                 Mr. TANG Renhong
    Mr. WANG Jianguo (Chairman)
    Mr. REN Jinsheng
    Mr. WAN Yushan(3)
    Mr. WANG Xinhua
    Mr. SUNG Ka Woon(2)




    Notes:

    (1)   Ms. WANG Xi has been appointed as an executive Director of the Company with effect from January 18, 2023, and has
          been appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee with effect from March 31, 2023.

    (2)   Mr. SUNG Ka Woon has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from
          January 18, 2023, and has been appointed as a member of each of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the
          Nomination Committee with effect from March 31, 2023.

    (3)   Mr. WAN Yushan has been appointed as a member of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee with effect from March
          31, 2023.


2   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                           CORPORATE INFORMATION


PRINCIPAL BANKS                                HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

Bank of China Limited                          Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Nanjing Jiangbei New District Branch           Shops 1712-1716
No. 30, Wende Road                             17th Floor Hopewell Centre
Pukou District, Nanjing                        183 Queen’s Road East
Jiangsu, PRC                                   Wan Chai
                                               Hong Kong
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Nanjing Jiefang Road Sub-Branch
                                               REGISTERED OFFICE
No. 53, Jiefang Road
Qinhuai District, Nanjing                      Unit 703, 7/F, Building 20E
Jiangsu, PRC                                   Phase Three, Hong Kong Science Park
                                               Shatin, New Territories
AUDITOR                                        Hong Kong

KPMG
                                               HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL
Certified Public Accountants
                                                PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in
  accordance with the Accounting and           No. 699-18, Xuanwu Road
  Financial Reporting Council Ordinance        Xuanwu District, Nanjing
8/F Prince’s Building                          Jiangsu
10 Chater Road                                 PRC
Central, Hong Kong
                                               COMPANY’S WEBSITE
LEGAL ADVISER
                                               http://www.simcere.com
Tian Yuan Law Firm LLP
Suites 3304-3309                               PLACE OF LISTING AND STOCK CODE
33/F, Jardine House
                                               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
One Connaught Place
                                               2096
Central, Hong Kong




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023   3
    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


        For the year ended December 31, 2023 (the “Reporting Period”):

        •     Revenue of the Group was approximately RMB6,608 million, representing an increase of
              approximately 4.5% as compared to RMB6,324 million for 2022. Of which, revenue from the sales
              and promotion service of drugs amounted to RMB6,567 million, license income amounted to
              RMB28 million and research service income amounted to RMB13 million.

        •     Revenue from the innovative pharmaceutical business was approximately RMB4,756 million,
              accounting for 72.0% of the total revenue and representing an increase of approximately 15.2% as
              compared to RMB4,128 million for 2022.

        •     Revenue of the Group was mainly derived from the therapeutic areas where its businesses are
              focused. Of which, revenue from the field of nervous system was approximately RMB1,969 million,
              accounting for 29.8% of the total revenue and representing a decrease of approximately 13.1%
              as compared to 2022. Revenue from the field of oncology was approximately RMB1,576 million,
              accounting for 23.9% of the total revenue and representing an increase of approximately 10.2% as
              compared to 2022. Revenue from the field of autoimmune was approximately RMB1,415 million,
              accounting for 21.4% of the total revenue and representing an increase of approximately 10.5% as
              compared to 2022. Revenue from other fields was approximately RMB1,648 million, accounting for
              24.9% of the total revenue and representing an increase of approximately 22.3% as compared to
              2022.

        •     Research and development costs amounted to approximately RMB1,563 million, representing
              a decrease of approximately RMB165 million or approximately 9.6% as compared to RMB1,728
              million for 2022. The research and development costs to revenue ratio2 was approximately 23.7%
              (approximately 27.3% for 2022).

        •     Profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was approximately RMB715
              million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB216 million or approximately 23.2% as
              compared to RMB931 million for 2022.

        •     Basic earnings per share was approximately RMB0.27, representing a decrease of approximately
              25.0% as compared to RMB0.36 for 2022.




    1
            All comparative information in this report has been adjusted according to the restated comprehensive financial
            information as of December 31, 2022. In November 2023, the Group completed the acquisition of Nanjing Jiayuantang
            Biological Technology Co., Ltd., and such acquisition was regarded as a business combination under common control
            by the Group in accordance with the principles of merger accounting as set out in Accounting Guideline 5 “Merger
            Accounting for Common Control Combinations” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The
            financial information of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 was restated accordingly to comply with the
            relevant accounting standards.

    2
            Research and development costs divided by revenue


4   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           COMPANY OVERVIEW


Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is an
innovation and R&D-driven pharmaceutical company with capabilities in research and development (the
“R&D”), production and professional marketing. The Group primarily focuses on the therapeutic areas of
oncology, nervous system, autoimmune and anti-infection, with forward-looking layout of disease areas
that have significant clinical needs in the future, aiming to achieve the corporate mission of “providing
today’s patients with medicines of the future”.

In the focused areas, the Group has six innovative drugs approved for marketing and sale. As of December
31, 2023, the Group has 14 products recommended in guidelines and pathways issued by over 100
government authorities or prestigious professional associations, and has over 40 products included in the
National Reimbursement Drug List (the “NRDL”).

The Group pays high attention to the establishment of innovative drug R&D capacity, and has established
R&D innovation centers in Shanghai, Nanjing, Beijing, Boston and Hong Kong respectively, as well as
a State Key Laboratory of Neurology and Oncology Drug Development. The Group’s R&D system has
achieved functions covering the whole process of drug discovery, preclinical development, clinical trial
and registration, and owns leading platforms of protein engineering, PAb/TCE, PAb/NKCE, AI-aided
drug discovery, protein degradation and ADC. As of December 31, 2023, the Group had a R&D team of
approximately 1,000 employees in total with approximately 170 doctors and 490 masters.

The Group has a nationwide marketing network and leading commercialization capacity, and will
continuously strengthen its professional marketing capacity, so as to enhance coverage and access to
medicines. As of December 31, 2023, the Group’s sales team had a total of approximately 4,200 employees
divided into four business units (neuroscience, oncology, autoimmune & comprehensive and retail
grossroots) and other support departments across 32 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions,
covering over 2,800 Class III hospitals, approximately 17,000 other hospitals and medical institutions as
well as more than 200 large-scale national or regional chain pharmacies in China.

The Group has established manufacturing infrastructures and quality management systems in line with
international standards and has continuously improved its manufacturing capabilities of pharmaceuticals.
The five production facilities that have been put into use all meet the requirements of Chinese GMP, and
part of the production lines have received EU GMP certification or passed the inspection of the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration (the “FDA”).

Driven by its in-house R&D efforts and synergistic innovation, the Group has established strategic
cooperation partnerships with many innovative companies and research institutes, exploring multiple
collaborative modes such as cooperative R&D and achievement transfer and continuously developing
products that patients urgently need and have significant market potential. The Group established the
Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) comprising over 10 world-renowned scientists in the areas of oncology,
nervous system and autoimmune etc., so as to bring their professional capabilities and experiences to
provide scientific advice for early drug discovery and clinical development of the Group, and aim to attract
global leaders of life science to explore and create unprecedented treatments.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




    Dear Shareholders,

    After four years since the listing of the Company      Looking forward to 2024, Sanbexin ® sublingual
    on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited             tablets, ENZESHU and ENLITUO were under
    (the “Stock Exchange”), we successfully                new drug application (the “NDA”) approval while
    launched four innovative drugs and achieved            the application of XIANNUOXIN ® to change from
    rapid commercialization. In the past five years,       conditional approval to complete approval was also
    our accumulated expenditure on research and            under approval. It is expected that we will continue
    development activities exceeded RMB7,000 million       to promote the launch of five to six innovative drugs
    and the proportion of revenue from the innovative      in the next three years, so as to consolidate the
    pharmaceutical business increased from 35% to          R&D capacity in the fields of oncology, nervous
    72%, which can be said that preliminary results        system, autoimmune and anti-infection as well as
    were achieved in innovation and transformation.        the innovative product portfolio continuously. At
                                                           the same time, we will also insist to be customer-
    In 2023, despite the complex and ever-changing
                                                           oriented, promote management upgrades and
    external environment as well as the poor
                                                           improve operation efficiency while deploying the
    performance of investment and financing of
                                                           “Innovation 2.0” strategy proactively, aiming to
    the industry, we managed to maintain strong
                                                           achieve breakthroughs from “new in China” to “new
    investment in research and development activities
                                                           in the world”.
    by leveraging on our business foundation and
    organizational capacity accumulated over the years,    I would like to thank our customers, partners
    resulting in the successful launch of XIANNUOXIN ,®
                                                           and Shareholders for your continuous support to
    the first domestic 3CL anti-SARS-CoV-2 drug. A         Simcere. The management and I will persist on
    number of BD cooperation projects with significant     long-term development and lead Simcere people
    market potential were added, our pipelines under       to work together and make collaborative efforts,
    research were advancing rapidly and our phase II/III   striving to achieve the corporate mission of
    clinical projects have been enriching.                 “providing today’s patients with medicines of the
                                                           future”.




6   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


INDUSTRY REVIEW

2023 was a year when medical policies were introduced intensively, and it was also a year when the Group’s
innovative achievements continued to emerge. On one hand, a number of policies encouraging medical
innovation were introduced, thus the success rate of medical insurance negotiation reached a record
high and the time of new drugs being included into the list was shortened. A series of policies, such as
the Regulations of the Drug Review Centre on Accelerating the Application and Evaluation of Innovative
Drugs for Marketing Approval (《藥審中心加快創新藥上市許可申請審評工作規範》), further facilitated the
acceleration of time-to-market of new drugs with real clinical value. On the other hand, the centralized
rectification of corruption in the pharmaceutical field of China was launched and the National Catalog
of the Second Batch of Drugs under Close Monitoring of Rational Drug Use (《第二批國家重點監控合理用
藥藥品目錄》) was promulgated, which purified the industry environment continuously and improved the
compliance level of the industry. At the same time, more than 80 new drugs were approved for marketing,
coupled with numerous overseas licensing and licensing-out, which indicated that local innovative drugs
will experience an explosive period. Looking forward, pharmaceutical corporations are required to
incessantly driving for innovative transformation, improving its efficiency of research and development as
well as marketing, and adapting to the development strategy of upgrading the innovative drug industry with
proactive actions.

KEY MILESTONES

As of the date of this report, the Group has achieved following key milestones and achievements:


Commercialization

The Group devotes to establishing its product portfolios and brand value with a focus on nervous
system, autoimmune, oncology and anti-infection, and its innovative drugs that has entered the
commercialization stage increased to six. The innovative pharmaceutical business experienced
continuous growth and its revenue hit a record high. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the
proportion of revenue from innovative pharmaceuticals of the Group increased to 72.0%.

•     The product portfolio of nervous system products has been enriching continuously and the
      penetration rate of Sanbexin ® (Edaravone and Dexborneol Concentrated Solution for Injection)
      among patients has been increasing. During the Reporting Period, Sanbexin ® has benefited
      approximately 1.07 million patients and covered approximately 5,000 medical institutions. The NDA
      of Sanbexin® sublingual tablets was accepted on June 28, 2023. Based on the positive results of a
      number of clinical trials, such as TASTE, TASTE II and TASTE-SL, products of Sanbexin® series are
      consolidating the evidences for the management of the whole course of stroke continuously and
      exploring new indications and overseas markets proactively.

•     The product portfolio of oncology products is clinical value-oriented, and it continues to accelerate
      the layout of lung cancer, gastrointestinal tumors and gynecological tumors constantly. During
      the Reporting Period, COSELA ® (Trilaciclib Hydrochloride for Injection) was made commercially
      available in China, and was approved to change from conditional approval to regular approval on
      October 27, 2023. Endostar® (Recombinant Human Endostatin Injection), an anti-angiogenesis drug
      with low bleeding risk, and ENWEIDA® (Envafolimab Injection), the first PD-(L)1 antibody drug to be
      administered by subcutaneous injection in the world, further verified commercialization capacity of
      the Group leveraging on differentiated advantages, which resulted in the continuous increase in the
      Group’s market share.


                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    •     In the field of autoimmune, Iremod ® (Iguratimod Tablets) continued to benefit the patients with
          rheumatoid arthritis in China and recorded a year-on-year increase of approximately 21%, which
          further consolidated its leading position in the traditional DMARDs sector.

    •     On January 28, 2023, XIANNUOXIN ® (Simnotrelvir Tablets/Ritonavir Tablets (co-packaged)), the
          first domestic 3CL anti-SARS-CoV-2 innovative drug, was conditionally approved for marketing.
          In December 2023, XIANNUOXIN ® was officially included in the NRDL. In February 2024, the
          supplemental application of transiting to regular approval of XIANNUOXIN® was accepted by the
          National Medical Products Administration (the “NMPA”). As of the date of this report, XIANNUOXIN®
          has covered 31 provinces, 306 cities and over 3,800 hospitals nationwide, and has benefited 670,000
          patients.


    Research and Development

    The Group pays high attention and commits to the research and development of innovative
    pharmaceuticals, focusing on higher efficiency and adhering to differentiation. In the focused therapeutic
    areas, the Group has established a pipeline of innovative products with over 60 types of new drugs and
    is initiating registrational clinical studies for 15 innovative drugs. The efficient clinical operation and
    registration teams continuously facilitated the global research and development of product pipelines
    under research, which expedited the achievement of innovation value.

    •     The Group’s research and development pipelines gradually entered the critical harvest period, which
          provided growth momentum for the sustainable development of the Company. As of the date of this
          report, three new drug molecules were under the NDA or phase III clinical study stage 1: Sanbexin®
          sublingual tablets, ENZESHU (Suvemcitug for injection) and Daridorecant hydrochloride tablets. Two
          new indications of marketed products were developed: COSELA®’s triple-negative breast cancer and
          Endostar®’s malignant thoracoabdominal effusions.

    •     The Group expedited the promotion of its in-house pipelines to enter the clinical stage and various
          types of products entered the critical period of POC data. For the year ended December 31, 2023,
          the Group has added seven PCC molecules 2, three INDs of new molecules3, six new indications/
          combinations entered the clinical stage4 and completed six FIHs5.




    1
         Excluding products with commercial rights, namely ENLITUO, ADC189 and LNK01001.

    2
         A total of seven new pre-clinical candidate compounds (“PCC”), namely SIM0500, SIM0501, SIM0505, SIM0508, SIM0810,
         SIM0391 and SIM0682.

    3
         A total of three INDs of additional new molecules were approved, namely Daridorexant (insomnia, July 20), SIM0278
         (moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis, July 27) and SIM0501 (solid tumors, December 2, the United States).

    4
         Six additional new indications/combinations entered the clinical stage, namely SIM0270 (in combination with SERD, January
         28), SIM0235 (in combination with TNFR2, April 10), Sanbexin ® (ICH, April 27), SIM0348 (in combination with TIGIT/PVRIG,
         October 12), SIM0237 (NMIBC, October 15) and Sanbexin® sublingual tablets (PSCI, November 28).

    5
         Six studies completed First-in-Human (“FIH”) (including first populations and new indications), namely SIM0237 (solid
         tumors, March 8), SIM0348 (solid tumors, March 30), Sanbexin ® (ICH, July 3), SIM0278 (healthy population, August 26),
         Sanbexin® sublingual tablets (healthy population in the United States, September 6) and Daridorexant (healthy population in
         China, November 30).

8   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     The research and development of six innovative drugs is being simultaneously conducted in the
      U.S. and China, namely COSELA®, Sanbexin® sublingual tablets, SIM0235 (humanized anti-TNFR2
      monoclonal antibody), SIM0237 (anti-PD-L1/IL-15 bispecific antibody), SIM0501 (USP1 small-
      molecule inhibitor) and SIM0500 (humanized GPRC5D-BCMA-CD3 tri-specific antibody).

The Group has been expediting the development schedules of multiple innovative drugs under pivotal
clinical trials. As of the date of this report, one phase III study achieved key data readout and has met the
primary endpoints and two phase III data have been published in well-known academic journals.

•     On January 3, 2024, the phase III clinical trial of ENZESHU (Suvemcitug for injection) combined
      with chemotherapy in patients with recurrent, platinum-resistant epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube
      or primary peritoneal cancer (the “SCORES Study”) has met the primary endpoint. Based on the
      positive results of the study, the Group submitted the new drug application of ENZESHU to the NMPA
      on March 11, 2024 and it was accepted on March 15, 2024. ENZESHU is expected to become the first
      anti-VEGF monoclonal antibody applicable to PROC in China, which add another blockbuster drug to
      the portfolio of oncology drugs.

•     On January 18, 2024, the New England Journal of Medicine published the complete data of
      XIANNUOXIN ® for phase II/III clinical trials. The results showed that, for adult patients with
      mild-to-moderate new coronavirus infection (“COVID-19”) in China, XIANNUOXIN® could accelerate
      recovery from symptoms, shorten the duration of the disease cause, reduce viral load rapidly and
      significantly and demonstrate good safety and tolerance.

•     On February 19, 2024, the Journal of American Medical Association • Neurology (JAMA NEUROLOGY)
      published the key results of the phase III clinical study of Sanbexin ® sublingual tablets used for
      the treatment of acute ischemic stroke (“AIS”) (the TASTE-SL Study). The results showed that
      the Sanbexin ® sublingual tablets group showed a significantly higher proportion of patients
      experiencing good functional outcomes (mRS score 0~1) on day 90 after randomization, compared
      with the placebo group (64.4% vs. 54.7%).


Manufacturing

The Group improves its production capacity and efficiency continuously, so as to adapt to the
development strategy of “Innovation 2.0” and provide solid security for global supply chains.

•     COSELA® achieved localization successfully: On December 20, 2023, Hainan Simcere
      Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (海南先聲藥業有限公司) was approved to produce COSELA® by the NMPA,
      and it is now capable of commercial supply.

•     Jiangsu Xiansheng Biology Medical Co., Ltd. (江蘇先盛生物醫藥有限公司) (a pharmaceutical
      ingredient base) only spent 12 months from initiation to completion, which is far exceeding the
      industry average. It is now capable of production, and the production transfer and process validation
      of key products are progressing at an accelerated pace.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023   9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Business Development

     The Group had reached a number of strategic cooperation to expand its product pipelines and covered
     therapeutic areas. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group had entered into cooperation
     agreements in respect of three new drug molecules.

     •     On August 18, 2023, the Group entered into a cooperation agreement with Taizhou Mabtech
           Pharmaceutical Limited* (泰州邁博太科藥業有限公司) (“Mabpharm”) in respect of ENLITUO
           (CMAB009), pursuant to which, the Group obtained the exclusive commercial rights in respect of
           the product in the Chinese mainland. In March 2023, the marketing application of ENLITUO was
           accepted by the NMPA.

     •     On October 10, 2023, the Group entered into a cooperation agreement with Jiaxing AnDiCon Biotech
           Co., Ltd.* (嘉興安諦康生物科技有限公司) (“AnDiCon”) in relation to ADC189, an innovative drug. The
           Group obtained the exclusive commercialization rights of the product in China for indications related
           to influenza, which further strengthened the product layout of the Group in the field of anti-infection.

     •     On November 21, 2023, the Group entered into an exclusive license and collaboration agreement
           with Connect Biopharma HongKong Limited (香港康乃德生物醫藥有限公司) (“Connect Biopharma”)
           in relation to Rademikibart (IL-4Rα), an innovative drug. The Group obtained the exclusive rights in
           relation to the development, manufacturing and commercialization of all indications of the product
           in Greater China.

     •     As of the date of this report, the Group has reached cooperation with leading universities and
           institutions, such as Mass General Brigham in the United States and Stanford University in the
           United States, so as to jointly promote the exploratory projects in the focused areas with an aim to
           develop more innovative therapies for patients.


     The Expenditure on Research and Development Activities

     The expenditure on research and development activities of the Group includes research and development
     costs and the addition of in-licensed rights of intangible assets.

     •     During the Reporting Period, the total expenditure on research and development activities of the
           Group amounted to approximately RMB1,960 million, representing an increase of approximately
           1.2% as compared to approximately RMB1,938 million for 2022. During the Reporting Period, the
           expenditure on research and development activities to revenue ratio was approximately 29.7%,
           representing a decrease of 0.9 percentage points as compared to approximately 30.6% for 2022.

     •     During the Reporting Period, the research and development costs of the Group amounted to
           approximately RMB1,563 million, representing a decrease of approximately 9.6% as compared
           to approximately RMB1,728 million for 2022. During the Reporting Period, the research and
           development costs to revenue ratio was approximately 23.7%, representing a decrease of 3.6
           percentage points as compared to approximately 27.3% for 2022.

     •     During the Reporting Period, the addition of in-licensed rights of intangible assets amounted to
           approximately RMB397 million, representing an increase of approximately 89.4% as compared to
           the approximately RMB210 million for 2022. During the Reporting Period, the addition of in-licensed
           rights of intangible assets to revenue ratio was approximately 6.0%, representing an increase of 2.7
           percentage points as compared to approximately 3.3% for 2022.


10   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS PROSPECTS

In 2024, the Group will carry out comprehensive deployments and accelerate the implementation of the
“Innovation 2.0” strategy, maximize the innovation value of China, expand global innovation capacity,
address the market changes of innovative drugs proactively, strengthen its product innovation and enhance
its team capabilities, so as to strive to achieve the following management objectives:

Based on the existing six innovative drugs, the Group will promote the marketing of new products
continuously, so as to reserve for the sustainable development of business. The Group will actively
increase the scale of its innovative pharmaceutical business and enhance product coverage, while
integrating resources and streamlining operations to achieve a high degree of focus and synergy, thereby
providing more affordable solutions for a broader and more complex patient population.

The Group will continue to strive for innovative transformation, adhere to the two-wheel drive and
relentlessly improve the project level and organizational capacity in respect of research and development
as well as business development (BD). The Group will seek for differentiated mechanisms, targets and
drug forms, so as to further expand the clinical value and synergistic advantages of its product pipelines
and continue to improve the effectiveness of research and development investments and the efficiency of
project propulsion and expediting the products under pivotal clinical stage to benefit patients as soon as
possible, while broadening its innovation boundaries and paying attention to its late-stage products as well
as exploring licensing-out opportunities, aiming to achieve synergies, innovation and win-win cooperation
with industry partners.

The Group will continue to improve its production quality management and meet the international
advanced standards, so as to produce safe and effective drugs for patients. The newly-established
pharmaceutical ingredient base and antibody factory will further improve the production efficiency and
cost advantages of the Group, so as to better support the expansion of the Group’s product pipelines and
enhance its market competitiveness.

The Group will continue to promote management upgrades to enhance the efficiency of R&D and marketing
operations, so as to explore sustainable innovative development pathway unceasingly.


SUMMARY OF PRODUCT PIPELINES

As of the date of this report, the Group has six commercialized innovative drugs, nearly 60 product
pipelines of innovative drugs and is currently initiating registrational clinical studies for 15 new drug
molecules, of which, there are three new drug molecules under NDA or phase III clinical study stage1,
12 new drug molecules under phase I/II and approximately 40 pre-clinical drug candidates. The forms of
innovative drugs under development contain monoclonal antibodies, bispecific antibodies, multi-specific
antibodies, fusion proteins, ADC and small-molecule drugs. The extensive pipeline reserves have huge
clinical and commercialization potential, which are expected to help more patients.

The table below summarizes the therapeutic targets, therapeutic areas, rights and development of the
principal innovative drugs of the Group as of the date of this report.




     1
          Excluding products with commercial rights, namely ENLITUO, ADC189 and LNK01001


                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                Product candidate
                  Territory                                                           Pre-clinical              IND           Phase I         Phase II          Phase III        NDA/BLA
                                                (Target/Mechanism)

                                                                                                     Oncology

                    China           Suvemcitug for injection (VEGF)                OC, FTC and PPC (SCORES study)


                    China           COSELA® (CDK4/6)                               TNBC (PRESERVE 2 study)

                                    Endostar® New indication
                    Global                                                         Thoracoabdominal effusions (COREMAP study)
                                    (Angiogenesis)
                                    Docetaxel polymeric micelles for
                    Global                                                         Solid tumors
                                    injection (Tubulin inhibitor)

                    Global          SIM0270 (SERD BM)                              Breast cancer


                    Global          SIM0235 (TNFR2)                                Advanced solid tumor and CTCL (China)


                                                                                   Advanced solid tumor and CTCL (U.S.)


                    Global          SIM0237 (PD-L1/IL15v bispecific antibody)      Advanced solid tumor (China and U.S.)


                                                                                   Non-muscle invasive bladder cancer (China)


                    Global          SIM0501 (USP1)                                 Solid tumors (China and U.S.)

                                    SIM0500
                    Global                                                         Multiple myeloma (China and U.S.)
                                     (GPRC5D-BCMA-CD3 trispecific antibody)

                    Global          SIM0348 (TIGIT/PVRIG bispecific antibody)      Advanced solid tumor


                    China           SIM0395 (PI3K/mTOR)                            Glioblastoma                                                     （GBM AGILE study）


                    Global          SIM0506 (SOS1)                                 Solid tumors


                    Global          SIM0508 (Polθ)                                 Solid tumors


                    Global          SIM0505 (CDH6-ADC)                             Solid tumors


                    Global          SIM0686 (FGFR2b-ADC)                           Solid tumors


                    China           SIM0323 (CD80/IL2)                             Solid tumors

                    China
                                      ENLITUO (EGFR)                               mCRC
            (commercialization right)

                                                                                              Nervous System
                                    Sanbexin® sublingual tablets
                    Global                                                         AIS (China)
                                    (Free radicals and inflammatory cytokines)

                                                                                   PSCI PSCI


                                                                                   AIS (U.S.)
                                                                                                                                                                              Has been marketed in
                                                                                                                                                                              multiple areas such as
                    China           Daridorexant (DORA)                            Insomnia
                                                                                                                                                                              the U.S. and Europe
                                    Sanbexin® injection New Indication
                    Global                                                         ICH
                                    (Free radicals and inflammatory cytokines)

                    China           SIM0800 (AQP4)                                 Stroke with cerebral edema


                    China           SIM0802 (PSD-95)                               AIS etc.


                                                                                                  Autoimmune

                    China           Rademikibart (IL-4Rα)                          Atopic Dermatitis


                                                                                   Asthma


                    China           SIM0295 (URAT1)                                Gout with hyperuricemia

                       China
                                                                                   SLE, Atopic Dermatitis, etc.
            ( licensed-out to Almirall SIM0278 (IL2muFc)
                 outside of China)




                    Global          SIM0708                                                   )
                                                                                   AD, COPD, Asthma，etc.



                    China
                                      SIM0335                                      Psoriasis
            (commercialization right)
                    China
                                      LNK01001 (JAK1)                              RA and AS
            (commercialization right)

                                                                                                       Others

                    Global          XIANNUOXIN® (3CL)                              Mild-to-moderate COVID-19                                                                2023年1月28日附条件上

                    China
                                      ADC189 (PA)                                  Influenza (adult/adolescent)
            (commercialization right)

                                                                                   Inflenza (child)




                                            Global clinical trials with partners                                 Development status of partner(s)




12   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


COMMERCIALIZATION STAGE INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS

As of the date of this report, the Group has successfully expanded its commercialized portfolio into
six innovative products spanning over multiple therapeutic areas, including nervous system, oncology,
autoimmune and anti-infection, which have significant market potentials and synergistic effects. For the
year ended December 31, 2023, revenue from the innovative pharmaceutical business was approximately
RMB4,756 million, accounting for 72.0% of the total revenue.


Nervous System Products


Sanbexin® (Edaravone and Dexborneol Concentrated Solution for Injection)

Sanbexin® is a category I innovative drug
developed by the Group with proprietary
intellectual property right used to treat Acute
Ischemic Stroke. Sanbexin ® was approved for
marketing in China in July 2020 and has been
included in the NRDL since December 2020. The
results of phase III pivotal clinical TASTE study
of Sanbexin ® , which are published in STROKE,
an international authoritative medicine journal,
showed that, Sanbexin ® can significantly increase the proportion of patients with a mRS score of 0-1
after 90 days of treatment of patients, i.e. reduce the proportion of patients disabled by AIS. Sanbexin ®
was recommended by the Guidelines for the Clinical Management of Cerebrovascular Diseases in China
(《中國腦血管病臨床管理指南》), the Specialists’ Consensus on the Clinical Assessment and Treatment of
Acute Cerebral Infarction Ischemic Penumbra in China (《急性腦梗死缺血半暗帶臨床評估和治療中國專家
共識》) and the Guidelines on Establishment of Stroke Prevention and Treatment System (《腦卒中防治體
系建設指導規範》) and other guidelines and consensuses, and multiple relevant studies were presented
at the European Stroke Organization Conference (ESOC), the scientific meeting of the American Heart
Association (AHA) Hypertension Council and the World Congress of Neurology (WCN).

•     On April 27, 2023, the new indication of intracerebral hemorrhage (“ICH”) of Sanbexin® obtained
      the clinical trial approval issued by the NMPA, which is intended for the multi-center, randomized,
      double-blind and placebo-controlled phase II clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of
      Edaravone and Dexborneol Concentrated Solution for Injection with different dosages in combination
      of conventional medical therapies to treat ICH patients.

•     On July 3, 2023, the above phase II clinical trial completed the FPI in the First Affiliated Hospital of
      Sun Yat-sen University (中山大學附屬第一醫院). As of the date of this report, over 80 subjects were
      enrolled.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     •     On May 19, 2023, the TASTE II study, led by Beijing Tiantan Hospital of the Capital Medical University
           (首都醫科大學附屬北京天壇醫院) with the participation of approximately 100 research centers in
           China conducted after the launch of Sanbexin ®­, has completed the follow-up of the last subject.
           Such study aimed at evaluating the efficacy and safety of Sanbexin® combined with reperfusion in
           the treatment of AIS patients and enrolled more than 1,300 AIS patients within 24 hours of onset
           and undergone early endovascular recanalization therapy. In February 2024, the protocol of the
           TASTE II study was published in the “Stroke and Vascular Neurology” magazine. The detailed data of
           the TASTE II study results are expected to be published in academic journals or conferences in the
           future.

     •     On June 24, 2023, the Guidelines for Clinical Management of Cerebrovascular Diseases in China
           (second edition) (《中國腦血管病臨床管理指南（第2版）》) prepared and issued by the Chinese Stroke
           Association (中國卒中學會) upgraded the concept of “neurological protection” in the 2019 edition by
           the treatment of “brain cell protection” and recommended the use of Edaravone and Dexborneol.
           Based on the positive result of the TASTE study, i.e. “the Edaravone and Dexborneol Concentrated
           Solution for Injection can further improve the clinical outcomes of patients with AIS”, Sanbexin ®
           becomes the only brain cell protection drug that received Level IIa recommendation in such
           guidelines currently.

     •     On July 4, 2023, the EXPAND study, a post-market real-world study (“RWS”) led by Xuanwu Hospital
           of the Capital Medical University (首都醫科大學宣武醫院), has completed the enrollment of all 4,750
           subjects. The primary objective of such a study is to observe the clinical effectiveness of AIS patients
           using Edaravone and Dexborneol in the real world environment, while its secondary objective is
           to monitor the safety of the clinical application of Edaravone and Dexborneol. The initial results
           of the study were included in the 2024 European Stroke Organization Conference (ESOC) for oral
           presentation.

     •     For the year ended December 31, 2023, Sanbexin ® injection covered approximately 1.07 million
           patients and covers over 5,000 medical institutions currently.




14   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Oncology Products


Endostar® (Recombinant Human Endostatin Injection)

Endostar ® is the first anti-angiogenic targeted
drug in China and the only endostatin approved
for sale worldwide. Endostar® has been included
in the NRDL since 2017 and is recommended as
a first-line treatment for patients with advanced
non-small-cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”) by a
number of oncology clinical practice guidelines
issued by the National Health Commission of
the PRC (“NHC”), Chinese Medical Association
(中華醫學會) and Chinese Society of Clinical
Oncology (“CSCO”). Also, it is recommended by various guidelines in relation to nasopharyngeal carcinoma,
melanoma, esophageal carcinoma and osteosarcoma. At present, the Group is actively exploring the
expansion of new indications of this product in thoracoabdominal effusions.

•     In June 2023, the American Society of Clinical Oncology (“ASCO”) published two studies relating
      to the combination of Endostar ® with immunotherapy, and one of the real-world data in relation
      to Endostar® in combination with PD-1 for the first-line treatment of NSCLC is encouraging, while
      another real-world data in relation to Endostar ® in combination with autoimmune treatment for the
      second-line treatment of advanced NSCLC show a clinical result which is better than autoimmune
      in combination with chemotherapy.

•     On July 4, 2023, Guangdong Pharmaceutical Association (廣東省藥學會) published the Catalog for
      the Off-label Use of Drugs (2023) (《超藥品說明書用藥目錄（2023版）》), which included continuous
      intravenous infusion of Recombinant Human Endostatin Injection for NSCLC. The reference basis
      includes the “Guidelines for the Clinical Application of New Anti-tumor Drugs (2022)” (《新型抗腫瘤
      藥物臨床應用指導原則（2022年版）》) issued by the National Health Commission of the PRC, etc.

•     On July 18, 2023, the Chinese Medical Association (中華醫學會) published the Guideline for Clinical
      Diagnosis and Treatment of Lung Cancer (2023) (《肺癌臨床診療指南（2023版）》), which recommended
      that during the treatment of negative patients with driver genes of non-squamous cell cancer,
      for those patients with a PS score of 0-1, patients with no contraindication can choose between
      Bevacizumab or Recombinant Human Endostatin in combination with chemotherapy and receive
      maintenance treatment (Class I or IIa).

•     In September 2023, two clinical studies in relation to Endostar® were released at the 23rd World
      Conference on Lung Cancer (WCLC), of which, the ENPOWER study showed that, the use of
      Endostar® in combination with PD-1 inhibitor and chemotherapy as the first-line treatment of EGFR/
      ALK negative, advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC can achieve good clinical efficacy and
      tolerable toxicity, which brings new hope of treatment for such group. Another study indicates that
      chemotherapy in combination with immunotherapy and Endostar ® achieves good efficacy and safety
      in the treatment of advanced NSCLC patients, which may be a feasible treatment clinically.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     •     In December 2023, the Chinese Medical Association (中華醫學會) published the Specialists’ Consensus
           on the Treatment of Malignant Pleural Effusions in China 2023 (《惡性胸腔積液治療的中國專家共識
          （2023年版）) and various therapies, such as Endostar®, are recommended by the consensus, which
           bring new treatment options for the patients with malignant pleural effusions.

     •     In January 2024, China Association of Health Promotion and Education (中國健康促進與教育協會)
           and China Anti-Cancer Association published the Expert Consensus on Diagnosis and Treatment for
           Lung Cancer and Malignant Pleural Effusions (《肺癌合併惡性胸腔積液診療專家共識》) and Endostar®
           was included in the consensus for the first time, which was recommended by experts to be used in
           the treatment of lung cancer and malignant pleural effusions.


     ENWEIDA® (Envafolimab Injection)

     ENWEIDA ® is the world’s first PD-(L)1 antibody
     to be administered by subcutaneous injection
     approved for marketing. Its unique method of
     injection differentiates itself from other PD-
     (L)1 products currently on the market, with the
     differentiation advantages of short administration
     time and good safety. On March 30, 2020, the
     Group entered into a tripartite cooperation
     agreement in relation to Envafolimab with 3D
     (Beijing) Medicines Inc. and Jiangsu Alphamab
     Biopharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.. The above-mentioned agreement provides the Group with the exclusive right
     to promote Envafolimab for all oncology indications and the right of first refusal of external licensing or
     assignment in the Chinese mainland.

     •     In January 2023, two studies of ENWEIDA ® relating to liver cancer and colorectal cancer were
           selected to exchange by way of posters in the ASCO Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium and the
           title of the study was: (1) the treatment of MSS locally advanced rectal cancer by Envafolimab in
           combination with CAPEOX before neoadjuvant therapies and after radiotherapy in short regimens:
           an open-label and forward-looking single-arm study; and (2) the efficacy and safety of treating
           unresectable hepatocellular cancer by Envafolimab in combination with Lenvatinib and TACE: an
           open-label, single-arm and phase II CISLD-12 study.

     •     In April 2023, ENWEIDA® continued to be included in six CSCO important guidelines: CSCO Diagnosis
           and Treatment Guidelines for Gastric Cancer 2023 (《 CSCO胃癌診療指南2023版》) (Level I, Class
           2A); CSCO Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Colorectal Cancer 2023 (《CSCO結直腸癌診療指
           南2023版》) (Level II, Class 2A); CSCO Immune Checkpoints Guidelines for Clinical Use of Inhibitors
           2023 (《 CSCO 免 疫 檢 查 點 抑 制 劑 臨 床 應 用 指 南 2023 版 》) (Level I, Class 2A); CSCO Diagnosis and
           Treatment Guidelines for Endometrial Carcinoma 2023 (《CSCO子宮內膜癌診療指南2023版》) (Level
           II); CSCO Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Cervical Cancer 2023 (《CSCO宮頸癌診療指南2023
           版》) (Level II); and CSCO Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Ovarian Cancer 2023 (《CSCO卵巢
           癌應用指南2023版》) (Level III, Class 2B).




16   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•   On April 13, 2023, the Gynecological Tumors Immune Checkpoints Guidelines for Clinical Use of
    Inhibitors 2023 (《婦科腫瘤免疫檢查點抑制劑臨床應用指南（2023版）》) was published. In the article,
    based on the CN006 study, it recommended patients with gynecological tumors with advanced/
    recurrent MSI-H/dMMR who failed the previous treatments to use Envafolimab (Level 2B).

•   In June 2023, two relevant studies of ENWEIDA® were published in the annual meeting of the ASCO,
    which were related to gastric cancer and soft tissue sarcoma. In the study related to gastric cancer,
    the efficacy of using Envafolimab in combination with SOX (Oxaliplatin and TGOP) for the first-line
    treatment of PD-L1 positive advanced gastric adenocarcinoma emerges, which has a promising
    future.

•   On July 31, 2023, the Gynecological Oncology of Chinese Medical Association (中華醫學會婦科腫瘤
    學分會) published the 7th Edition of the Clinical Guidelines for Gynecological Oncology of Chinese
    Medical Association (2023) (《中華醫學會婦科腫瘤臨床指南7版(2023)》). ENWEIDA ® is recommended
    as a therapy drug for MSI-H/dMMR patients with advanced/recurrent endometrial cancer (Level 2B).

•   In September 2023, three clinical studies in relation to ENWEIDA® were released at the 23rd World
    Conference on Lung Cancer (WCLC), of which, the Endouble study showed that ENWEIDA ® in
    combination with Endostar® shows good efficacy and tolerability of patients with advanced NSCLC
    (PD-L1≥1%). This combination therapy provides new choice to the patients with advanced NSCLC
    with positive PD-L1 expression, which is worthy of further studies and exploration in the future. The
    second study indicates that the treatment of patients with advanced NSCLC who had failed prior
    immunotherapy by ENWEIDA® in combination with Endostar® and β-glucans is safe and controllable,
    and encouraging anti-tumor activity is shown, thus it is expected to become the new therapy for
    patients with advanced NSCLC who had failed prior immunotherapy. The third study indicates that
    the use of ENWEIDA® in combination with carboplatin and etoposide as the first-line treatment of
    patients with extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (“ES-SCLC”) has shown significant efficacy and
    controllable toxicity, which provides a new treatment strategy for ES-SCLC patients.

•   In October 2023, five studies in relation to ENWEIDA® were released at the congress of European
    Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO), of which, the open-label, multi-cohort and multi-center
    phase II clinical study of ENWEIDA® in combination of Suvemcitug has achieved anti-tumor efficacy
    and good safety in the hepatocellular carcinoma cohort, NSCLC cohort and colorectal cancer
    cohort. ENWEIDA ® in combination of Lenvatinib has shown preliminary efficacy and controllable
    safety among NSCLC patients who are PD-1 resistant. ENWEIDA ® in combination of standard
    chemoradiotherapy has achieved good safety and tolerability among patients with locally advanced
    nasopharyngeal carcinoma.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     COSELA® (Trilaciclib Hydrochloride for Injection)

     COSELA® is an effective, selective and
     reversiblecycl in-dependent kinases 4 and 6
     (CDK4/6) inhibitor. COSELA® is the world’s
     first-in-class comprehensive myeloprotection
     innovative drug that can de-administered
     prior to a chemotherapy and transiently retard
     hematopoietic stem cells and progenitor cells
     in G1 phase of cell cycle, thereby protect bone
     marrow cells from damage caused by cytotoxic
     chemotherapy. In August 2020, the Group entered
     into the exclusive license agreement with G1 Therapeutics, Inc. (“G1 Therapeutics”) to develop and
     commercialize COSELA® in the Greater China region. On February 13, 2021, the product was approved for
     sale by the FDA. Currently, the product has been recommended by the related key guidelines of National
     Comprehensive Cancer Network Guidelines (NCCN), CSCO and other organizations.

     •     On May 10, 2023, a phase II clinical trial led by G1 Therapeutics showed that, COSELA ®, for the
           use of patients with unresectable and locally advanced or metastatic triple-negative breast cancer
           (“TNBC”), decreased the incidence of various adverse events related to ADC by over 50%, including
           neutropenia, anemia and diarrhea. Trilaciclib generates targeted effects with clinical value, which
           provides important and long-term benefits to patients.

     •     In May 2023, a study analyzing the population pharmacokinetics of Trilaciclib in ES-SCLC and the
           relationship between the exposure and myeloprotection, anti-tumor and safety of Trilaciclib was
           published in the British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology. Such analysis of the pharmacokinetics
           of Trilaciclib showed that, under current clinical application scenarios, it is not necessary to adjust
           the dose pursuant to the difference in age, gender as well as liver and renal function. Under the
           recommended dose (240mg/m 2), Trilaciclib can bring about stable myeloprotection.

     •     On May 11, 2023, the European Society for Medical Oncology Breast Cancer Symposium (ESMO BC)
           published the initial results of a phase II study in relation to the use of Trilaciclib in combination
           with sacituzumab govitecan-hziy (“SG”) in the treatment of metastatic triple-negative breast cancer
           (“mTNBC”). The study results indicate that, the combination of Trilaciclib before applying SG in the
           treatment of mTNBC may decrease the incidence of adverse events (AEs), such as neutropenia,
           anemia, nausea and diarrhea.

     •     On May 25, 2023, the “Frontiers of Pharmacology” published a Systematic Assessment and Meta
           analysis. The result showed that Trilaciclib was able to effectively reduce the incidence of CIMs
           like severe neutropenia (SN) and febrile neutropenia (FN), decrease the usage of supportive caring
           measures like red blood cell transfusions and transfusions of granulocyte colony-stimulating
           factors (G-CSF) and performed well in terms of safety.




18   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•    In June, 2023, the ASCO published two study results about Trilaciclib at its 59th annual meeting,
     namely the studies in the field of early TNBC and ES-SCLC, respectively.

•    On July 18, 2023, the Chinese Medical Journal published the Guideline for Clinical Diagnosis and
     Treatment of Lung Cancer of Chinese Medical Association (2023) (《 中華醫學會肺癌臨床診療指南
    （2023版）》), pursuant to which, COSELA® was recommended by the guideline for the first time and it
     was recommended to be administered prior to chemotherapy in order to decrease the incidence of
     chemotherapy-induced myelosuppression (Class 1).

•    On August 14, 2023, the marketing application for the new indication of COSELA ® was accepted
     by the NMPA, which is intended for decreasing the incidence of chemotherapy-induced
     myelosuppression in adult patients when administered prior to a platinum/topotecan-containing
     regimen for patients with ES-SCLC. Such new indication will expand the application of COSELA® in
     ES-SCLC patients receiving two or more lines of chemotherapies.

•    In September 2023, the proposal of Trilaciclib in combination with chemotherapy and immunity
     as the first-line treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer was published in the World
     Conference on Lung Cancer.

•    In October, 2023, the TRACES study of COSELA ® for ES-SCLC patients in China receiving
     chemotherapy was updated in the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress,
     which pointed out that receiving Trilaciclib before chemotherapy can improve the tolerability of
     chemotherapy among patients with extensive-stage small cell lung cancer and improve the survival
     benefits of patients potentially, which is expected to reshape the chemotherapy trend of patients
     with small cell lung cancer.

•    On October 27, 2023, COSELA® has fulfilled the supplemental application conditions and has been
     approved by the NMPA to change from conditional approval to regular approval.

•    On December 20, 2023, the localization application of COSELA® has been approved by the NMPA. In
     the future, COSELA® can be produced by the production enterprises of the Group in Haikou, Hainan
     Province, which will further improve its accessibility to patients with cancer in China.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Autoimmune Products


     Iremod® (Iguratimod Tablets)

     Iremod® is the category 1.1 new drug
     independently developed by the Group, and also
     the first Iguratimod pharmaceutical product
     approved for marketing in the world. Iremod® has
     been included in the National Medical Insurance
     Catalogue since 2017. The indication is the active
     rheumatoid arthritis. Iremod ® is recommended
     as the primary therapy drug for the treatment
     of active rheumatoid arthritis by a number of
     clinicalpractice guidelines and pathways issued by
     the NHC, Chinese Medical Association, Asia Pacific
     League of Associations for Rheumatology and
     Labor and Welfare of Japan.

     •     On May 31, 2023, the 2023 EULAR meeting published seven study results relating to Iguratimod,
           which involved indications like rheumatoid arthritis (“RA”) and secondary osteoporosis,
           osteoarthritis (OA), common interstitial pneumonia (ILD) relating to RA, axial spinal arthritis and
           systemic sclerosis.

     •     In August 2023, a study for the first-time investigation of the efficacy and safety of tofacitinib in
           combination of Iremod® for the treatment of common interstitial pneumonia (UIP) in relation to
           rheumatoid arthritis was published in the “Frontiers in Immunology”. The study results showed
           that the use of tofacitinib in combination of Iremod ® can relieve RA and RA-UIP and it is better
           than Methotrexate/Leflunomide in combination of other traditional conventional synthetic disease
           modifying antirheumatic drugs (csDMARDs) in respect of treatment responses of RA-UIP, which may
           be a potential option for achieving “double target-hit treatments”.

     •     In September 2023, Iremod® was included in the new edition of the “Primary Sjögren’s Syndrome
           Diagnosis and Treatment Standards” (《原發性乾燥綜合征診療規範》). In November 2023, Iremod ®
           was included in the “China’s Clinical Practice Guideline on the Off-label Use of Drugs for Sjögren’s
           Syndrome (2023 Edition) (《 乾 燥 綜 合 征 超 藥 品 說 明 書 用 藥 中 國 臨 床 實 踐 指 南（ 2023 版 ）》) and the
           “Expert Consensus on the Use of Drugs in Super-drug Labels in Shandong Province (2023 Edition)
           (《山東省超藥品說明書用藥專家共識（2023年版）》), which provided more options for the patients with
           Sjögren’s Syndrome in China.




20   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Anti-infection Products


XIANNUOXIN® (Simnotrelvir Tablets/Ritonavir Tablets (co-packaged))

XIANNUOXIN ® (Simnotrelvir Tablets/Ritonavir
Tablets (co-packaged)) is an oral small molecule
anti-SARS-CoV-2 innovative drug. Of which,
Simnotrelvir targets 3CL protease which is
essential for SARS-CoV-2 virus replication, and
its combination with low-dose Ritonavir helps
to slow down the metabolism and clearance
of Simnotrelvir in body in order to improve the
antiviral effect. On November 17, 2021, the Group
entered into a technology transfer contract with
Shanghai Institute of Materia Medica and Wuhan Institute of Virology, Chinese Academy of Sciences,
pursuant to which, the Group obtained the development, production and commercialization rights on an
exclusive basis of Simnotrelvir worldwide.

•     On January 28, 2023, XIANNUOXIN ® was conditionally approved for marketing in China by NMPA
      (Approval No. H20230001) with urgent review and approval under Special Examination and Approval
      of Drugs (藥品特別審批程序) for the treatment of adult patients infected with mild-to-moderate
      COVID-19.

•     On February 8, 2023, the National Healthcare Security Administration issued a notice that the
      XIANNUOXIN® was included into the scope of medical insurance reimbursement temporarily.

•     On March 2, 2023, the NHC and the National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine issued
      a notice that the XIANNUOXIN ® was included in the Diagnosis and Treatment Protocol for Novel
      Coronavirus Pneumonia (Trial Version 10) (《新型冠狀病毒感染診療方案（試行第十版）》).

•     On March 21, 2023, XIANNUOXIN ®’s 105 study completed the FPI and completed the enrollment
      of all 37 subjects on May 16, 2023. Such study is a multi-center, non-randomized, open, parallel
      and controlled phase I clinical study for evaluating the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetic
      characteristics after single-dose administration of SIM0417 in combination with Ritonavir to
      subjects with mildto-moderate renal insufficiency, moderate hepatic insufficiency, normal renal
      function and normal hepatic function.

•     On April 11, 2023, XIANNUOXIN®’s 108 study completed the FPI and completed the enrollment of
      all 14 subjects on June 15, 2023. Such study is a single-center, non-randomized and open phase I
      clinical study aiming at evaluating the safety and pharmacokinetic characteristics after single-dose
      administration of SIM0417 in combination with Ritonavir to healthy elderly subjects.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     •     Since April 2023, two real-world studies of XIANNUOXIN ® were commenced, namely “the study
           on the therapeutic effects of anti-COVID-19 drugs in Chinese medical and health institutions on
           COVID-19” and “the standard treatment in combination with immunomodulation strategy for mild-
           to-moderate COVID-19 elderly patients (≥65 years old) - A multi-center, randomized, controlled and
           adaptive platform study”. As of the date of this report, the exposure of XIANNUOXIN® in the above
           study was approximately 2,200 subjects.

     •     On June 15, 2023, institutions like Guangzhou Institute of Respiratory Health of the First
           Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University (廣州醫科大學附屬第一醫院廣州呼吸健康研
           究院), the National Center for Respiratory Medicine (國家呼吸醫學中心) and the National Clinical
           Research Center for Respiratory Disease ( 國 家 呼 吸 疾 病 臨 床 研 究 中 心 ) jointly published the
           “Chinese Expert Consensus on Diagnosis and Treatment Strategies for SARS-CoV-2 Infection in
           Immunocompromised Populations (2023 edition)” (《免疫缺陷人群新型冠狀病毒感染診治策略中國專
           家共識（2023版）》), which indicated that XIANNUOXIN ® was one of the priorities of small-molecule
           drugs to treat COVID-19 for those immunocompromised population.

     •     On July 11, 2023, the Lancet Regional Health - Western Pacific Magazine digitally published the
           results of the phase Ib clinical study for the evaluation of effectiveness and safety of XIANNUOXIN®
           for the treatment of COVID-19 (NCT05369676) (DOI: 10.1016/j.lanwpc.2023.100835).

     •     On August 24, 2023, as approved by the CDE, the storage conditions of XIANNUOXIN ® was changed
           from “sealed and kept under 25°C” to “sealed and kept under 30°C”, and its effective period was
           extended from 12 months to 18 months.

     •     On September 19, 2023, Guangdong Pharmaceutical Association ( 廣 東 省 藥 學 會 ) published the
           Evaluation of and Selected Specialists’Consensus on COVID-19 Small-molecule Antiviral Drugs
           (《 COVID-19 小 分 子 抗 病 毒 藥 物 評 價 與 遴 選 專 家 共 識 》). Through a multi-dimensional scoring,
           XIANNUOXIN® ranked among the first in the domestic COVID-19 small-molecule antiviral drugs with
           a total score of 70.1.

     •     On September 30, 2023, the European Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences digitally published the
           results of the phase I clinical study to investigate the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of
           Simnotrelvir among healthy adult subjects (NCT05339646) (DOI: 10.1016/j.ejps.2023.106598).

     •     On October 13, 2023, the Nature Communications digitally published the discovery process of
           Simnotrelvir, an active ingredient of XIANNUOXIN®, and its pre-clinical study results (DOI: 10.1038/
           s41467-023-42102-y).

     •     On December 13, 2023, the National Healthcare Security Administration and the Ministry of Human
           Resources and Social Security published the “Drugs Catalogue for the National Basic Medical
           Insurance, Work-related Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance (2023)” (《國家基本醫療保險、
           工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄（2023年）》), pursuant to which, XIANNUOXIN ® was officially included
           in the NRDL. The price of XIANNUOXIN® per box/therapy was reduce to RMB479. The New NRDL
           officially came into effect from January 1, 2024.




22   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•   On January 18, 2024, the New England Journal of Medicine digitally published the complete data of
    the Group’s phase II/III, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial (NCT05506176)
    of XIANNUOXIN ® for the treatment of adult patients with mild-to-moderate COVID-19 (DOI: 10.1056/
    NEJMoa2301425).

    From August 19, 2022 to December 16, 2022, a total of 1,208 patients were enrolled at 35 research
    sites in China, with 603 patients in the XIANNUOXIN® group (received 750mg of Simnotrelvir plus
    100mg of Ritonavir, twice daily for 5 days) and 605 patients in the placebo group. The results showed
    that, for adult patients with mild to moderate COVID-19 in China, XIANNUOXIN® could accelerate
    recovery from symptoms, and shorten the duration of the disease cause, reduce viral load rapidly
    and significantly, and demonstrate good safety and tolerance:

    (1)   Significantly shortened the median time to sustained resolution of 11 targeted COVID-19
          symptoms (the “Duration”), with greater effectiveness in patients with high risk factors: In
          the modified intention-to-treat 1 (the “mITT1”) population who received the first dose within
          72 hours after COVID-19 symptom onset, XIANNUOXIN ® could significantly shorten the
          Duration by 35.8 hours; In the subgroup of patients with risk factors for severe COVID-19,
          XIANNUOXIN® could shorten the Duration by 60.4 hours.

    (2)   Demonstration of rapid and significant decrease in viral load: in the mITT1 population, the
          additional change in viral load from baseline in the XIANNUOXIN ® group was 96.9% (-1.51 log10
          copies/mL) compared with placebo group on day 5.

    (3)   Good safety profile: the safety data showed the XIANNUOXIN® group reported a slightly higher
          occurrences of adverse events than placebo group, most of these events were of mild or
          moderate severity and could be recovered without any medical intervention, which suggested
          that XIANNUOXIN® was safe and tolerable.

    The median age of the patients included in the Study was 35 years, and 1,092 patients (95.9%) had
    completed primary vaccination, with 874 patients (76.7%) had received a booster dose. Meanwhile,
    various Omicron variants were covered in the Study, which demonstrated the application value of
    XIANNUOXIN ® in clinical practice. The publication of the Study with great success signifies that
    XIANNUOXIN ® has become the first domestically-made 3CL target anti-SARS-CoV-2 drug with a
    complete evidence chain.

•   On February 2, 2024, the registration application for the change from conditional approval to regular
    approval of XIANNUOXIN® was accepted by the NMPA.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023   23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     NDA TRIAL STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES

     Nervous system products


     Sanbexin® sublingual tablets

     Sanbexin ® sublingual tablets is an innovative drug jointly developed by the Group and Neurodawn
     Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (南京寧丹新藥技術有限公司). It contains edaravone and dexborneol as two active
     ingredients, which can disintegrate quickly under the tongue and can be absorbed into the blood through
     the sublingual venous plexus. Its key pharmacologic activities are anti-inflammations and free radicals
     scavenging, thus minimizing the cascading injury caused by AIS and protecting brain cells. Such unique
     sublingual formulation is expected to increase the flexibility of stroke treatment and improve medication
     compliance. The Sanbexin® sublingual tablets is expected to form a sequential therapy with the Company’s
     marketed Sanbexin® (Edaravone and Dexborneol Concentrated Solution for Injection) and enable patients
     to receive a complete course of treatment in and outside of the hospital.

     •     On June 28, 2023, the NDA of the Sanbexin® sublingual tablets was accepted by the NMPA. The first
           indication is for the improvement of the neurological symptoms, activities of the daily living and
           dysfunction caused by AIS.

     •     On November 28, 2023, the IND of the new indication of Sanbexin ® sublingual tablets was approved
           by the NMPA, which was intended for the clinical trials of the preventive treatment of post stroke
           cognitive impairment (“PSCI”) among AIS patients.

     •     On February 19, 2024, the Journal of American Medical Association • Neurology (JAMA NEUROLOGY,
           IF: 29.0) published online the key results of the multi-center, randomized, double-blind and
           placebo-controlled phase III clinical study (the TASTE-SL Study) of Sanbexin ® sublingual tablets
           used for the treatment of acute ischemic stroke. The results showed that, compared with placebo,
           Sanbexin ® sublingual tablets have significantly improved the recovery of neurological function
           and ability to live independently in AIS patients after treatment. The Sanbexin ® sublingual tablets
           group showed a significantly higher proportion of patients experiencing good functional outcomes
           (mRS score 0~1) on day 90 after randomization, compared with the placebo group (64.4% vs. 54.7%;
           OR=1.50; 95% CI 1.15~1.95; P=0.003). For the subgroups in different ages (≤65 or >65), genders,
           times from onset to treatment (≤24h or >24h), history of hypertension, history of hyperlipemia,
           history of diabetes, history of heart disease, and renal functions, the benefits of Sanbexin ®
           sublingual tablets group in improving neurological function are consistent. Sanbexin ® sublingual
           tablets have shown good safety profile in AIS patients, with similar rates of adverse events (AE)
           within 90 days and treatment related adverse events between the two groups.




24   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Oncology products


ENZESHU (Suvemcitug for Injection)

Suvemcitug for injection is a new-generation recombinant humanized anti-VEGF rabbit monoclonal
antibody developed by the Group and Apexigen, Inc. (now part of Pyxis Oncology, Inc.) Pre-clinical studies
have shown that Suvemcitug has higher affinity and anti-tumor efficacy than Bevacizumab at the same
dose in multiple tumor models. The phase Ib clinical studies of Suvemcitug conducted in China for the
treatment of ovarian cancer preliminary demonstrated its favorable safety profile and efficacy signals.

•     On June 27, 2023, the LPI for the phase III clinical trial (the SCORES Study) of Suvemcitug for
      injection combined with chemotherapy versus placebo combined with chemotherapy in patients with
      recurrent and platinum-resistant epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube cancer, or primary peritoneal
      cancer was achieved. This study was led by the Cancer Hospital Chinese Academy of Medical
      Sciences, and has enrolled 421 patients at 55 research centers in China.

•     On January 3, 2024, the SCORES Study has met the primary study endpoint. The results include the
      final analysis of progression-free survival (the “PFS”) as the primary endpoint, the first analysis
      of overall survival (the “OS”) as the key secondary endpoint, and the safety analysis. The results
      showed: (1) the SCORES study has met the primary endpoint PFS which is assessed by the Blinded
      Independent Review Committee (BIRC) according to the RECIST 1.1 criteria. Compared with
      the Placebo Group, the improvement of PFS in the Experimental Group is both statistically and
      clinically significant, and Suvemcitug has shown consistent PFS benefits among all pre-defined
      sub-groups. The PFS benefit of the Experimental Group evaluated by the researchers is consistent
      with those evaluated by BIRC; (2) the OS data are immature, but there is a trend of OS benefit in the
      Experimental Group; and (3) the safety is manageable, no new safety signals are identified. The study
      results are expected to be released in academic journals or conferences in the future.

•     On March 15, 2024, the new drug application of ENZESHU has been accepted by the NMPA. The
      indication is Suvemcitug combined with chemotherapy for the treatment of recurrent platinum-
      resistant ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     ENLITUO (EGFR)1

     ENLITUO is a recombinant anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (“EGFR”) chimeric monoclonal antibody
     for first-line treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer (“mCRC”) in combination with FOLFIRI. It is
     prepared using a specific expression process, effectively avoiding glycosylation modification that may lead
     to hypersensitivity. Its safety and efficacy has been confirmed from the results of two completed clinical
     trials. In March 2023, the drug marketing application of ENLITUO was accepted by the National Medical
     Products Administration of China. After the launch of the product, it is expected to be the first home-made
     anti-EGFR monoclonal antibody drug for treatment of mCRC launched in the Chinese market, and provides
     affordable biological targeted drug with better efficacy for hundreds of thousands of Chinese patients with
     tumors.

     •        On August 18, 2023, the Group entered into a cooperation agreement with Mabpharm in respect of
              the product, pursuant to which, the Group obtained the exclusive commercial rights in respect of
              ENLITUO in the Chinese mainland.


     PHASE III TRIAL STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES

     Nervous system products


     Daridorexant hydrochloride tablets (DORA)

     Daridorexant hydrochloride tablets is an insomnia drug jointly developed by the Group and Idorsia
     Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (“Idorsia”), and is a dual orexin receptor antagonist (“DORA”) that blocks orexin
     neuropeptides that promote wakefulness (orexin A and orexin B) from binding to their receptors. Unlike
     generally promoting sleep by calming the brain, Daridorexant only blocks orexin neuropeptide activation
     of orexin receptors. Thus, Daridorexant reduces the arousal drive and induces sleep development
     without altering sleep architecture. The phase III oversea clinical data has been published in The Lancet
     Neurology: the main studies demonstrated that Daridorexant significantly improved sleep onset, sleep
     maintenance and self-reported total sleep time compared with placebo during the first and third months
     of treatment without changing sleep architecture. In addition, Daridorexant was shown to be safe
     and well-tolerated with no evidence of dependence, rebound insomnia, withdrawal symptoms or drug
     abuse, distinguishing significantly from what has been reported with benzodiazepine receptor agonists.
     Daridorexant has clinical data available for up to 12 months of continuous treatment, supporting the long-
     term use of Deradoorian. In addition to improving nighttime sleep in the adult population with chronic
     insomnia disorder, Daridorexant also improves daytime functioning, which is the only DORA class insomnia
     drug approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA). Daridorexant is currently approved in the United
     States, Great Britain, Italy, Germany, Switzerland and Canada.




          1
                 The original code is CMAB009, and is a product with commercial right



26   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•        On July 20, 2023, Daridorexant hydrochloride tablets received a notice of approval for Drug Clinical
         Trials issued by the National Medical Products Administration, which is intended for the treatment of
         adult insomnia patients who have persistent symptoms for at least three months and have an impact
         on daytime function.

•        On November 30, 2023, the phase I clinical study of Daridorexant in China completed the FPI.

•        On December 17, 2023, the randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled and multi-center phase
         III clinical study of Daridorexant for the treatment of adult insomnia patients who have persistent
         symptoms for at least three months and have an impact on daytime function completed the FPI.
         This study was led by Xuanwu Hospital of the Capital Medical University which was conducted in 33
         centers in China.

•        On March 15, 2024, the above phase III clinical trial of Daridorexant hydrochloride tablets completed
         the enrollment of all 205 patients (LPI).


Autoimmune products


LNK01001 (JAK1) 1

LNK01001 is a highly selective JAK1 inhibitor which has completed 3 phase II clinical studies for patients
with rheumatoid arthritis (RA), ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and atopic dermatitis (AD), all of which have
successfully met their corresponding primary and secondary endpoints. No related adverse effects of
approved JAK1 inhibitors, such as major adverse cardiovascular events, blood clots, serious infection or
formation of malignant tumors, were observed. On March 18, 2022, the Group entered into a cooperation
agreement with Lynk Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (淩科藥業（杭州）有限公司) (“Lynk Pharmaceuticals”),
pursuant to which, the Group obtained the exclusive commercialization interest of LNK01001 for
rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis indications in China and be responsible for promotion after
regulatory approval.

•        On August 23, 2023, the randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled and multi-center phase II
         clinical study of LNK01001 among adult patients with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS) achieved
         positive topline results.

•        On December 20, 2023, the randomized, double-blind and placebo-controlled phase III study to
         evaluate the efficacy and safety of LNK01001 for treating patients with mild-to-moderate active
         rheumatoid arthritis who have an inadequate response to or are unable to tolerate bDMARDs
         completed the FPI. The clinical study was led by the Peking Union Medical College Hospital of
         Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences (中國醫學科學院北京協和醫院), and the Company assisted
         Lynk Pharmaceuticals to promote this study in clinical research centers across the country.




     1
             A product with commercial right


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Anti-infection products


     ADC189 (PA)1

     ADC189 is a polymerase acidic (PA) protein inhibitor for anti-influenza, by suppressing cap-dependent
     endonuclease (CEN) of influenza virus. ADC189 can inhibit the replication of influenza virus directly, and
     suppress both influenza A and B. As shown in the pre-clinical research, ADC189 demonstrates several
     benefits, including the absence of central nervous system side effects, no effect of food intake on oral drug
     absorption and higher safety dose. The entire oral dose of ADC189 is merely “one tablet” and is capable of
     stopping influenza virus replication in 24 hours, having a prospect of bringing great convenience to a large
     number of patients, including child patients.

     •        On October 10, 2023, the Group entered into a cooperation agreement with AnDiCon in relation to
              ADC189. Pursuant to the agreement, the Group will obtain the exclusive commercialization rights of
              the Product in China for indications related to influenza. Currently, AnDiCon is about to complete the
              phase III clinical trials of ADC189 for the treatment adult/adolescent patients with influenza.

     •        In February 2024, children’s granules of ADC189 has received the clinical approval and is initiating
              the bridging of bioavailability (BA) and phase III clinical trials of ADC189.


     PHASE II STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES

     Rademikibart (IL-4Rα)

     Rademikibart is a fully human monoclonal antibody targeting IL-4Rα, a common subunit of IL-4 receptor
     and IL-13 receptor. By binding with IL-4Rα, Rademikibart can block the functions of IL-4 and IL-13
     effectively, thereby blocking the Th2 inflammatory pathway, thus achieving the goal of treating Th2 related
     inflammatory diseases such as atopic dermatitis and asthma.

     •        On November 21, 2023, the Group entered into an exclusive license and collaboration agreement
              with Connect Biopharma in relation to Rademikibart. Pursuant to the agreement, the Group obtained
              the exclusive rights in relation to the development, manufacturing and commercialization of all
              indications of Rademikibart in Greater China.

     •        As of the date of this report, the clinical trial of Rademikibart for atopic dermatitis and indications of
              asthma is being conducted in China simultaneously.




          1
                  A product with commercial right


28   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


SIM0270 (SERD)

SIM0270 is the second-generation oral selective estrogen receptor degrading agent (“SERD”) with blood-
brain barrier-penetrating properties independently developed by the Group. The efficacy of SIM0270 in
the in vivo model is significantly better than an intramuscular SERD drug already on the market, and is
equivalent to the efficacy of the leading compound in the clinical trial stage. It reflects a brain-to-blood
ratio significantly better than competing compounds and also shows a tumor- inhibiting drug therapy far
superior to fulvestrant on the brain orthotropic model of breast cancer. It is expected to be used for the
treatment of breast cancer with brain metastases.

•        On February 3, 2023, the treatment of estrogen receptor positive breast cancer using SIM0270
         in combination with piperacil or ivimox has obtained the Clinical Trial Approval issued by the
         NMPA. As of the date of this report, dose escalation of the combination study and enrollment for
         dose-expansion stage were completed.


SIM03351

SIM0335 is a drug candidate developed by BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. (“BCY”) that controls fatty acid metabolism
and works on IL-17A-related pathways. SIM0335 is a topical ointment with 3-Ocyclohexanecarbony1-
11-keto-β-boswellic acid (CKBA) being the active ingredient. Phase I clinical results showed that the
systematic exposure was low and the systematic safety risk was expected to be small.

•        On January 12, 2023, the phase IIa clinical trial of SIM0335 for the treatment of plaque psoriasis
         completed the enrollment of all patients. The study is designed to evaluate the safety, efficacy, and
         pharmacokinetics of SIM0335 in mild-to-moderate plaque psoriasis patients.

•        On March 2, 2023, Guangdong Taienkang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. acquired 50% equity interests in
         BCY and BCY was no longer a subsidiary of the Group.




     1
            A product with commercial right


                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     PHASE I STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES

     SIM0235 (humanized anti-TNFR2 monoclonal antibody)

     SIM0235 is a tumor-immune target human immunoglobulin G1 (“IgG1”) humanized anti-tumor necrosis
     factor receptor type 2 (“TNFR2”) monoclonal antibody independently developed by the Group. The
     preclinical pharmacodynamics model shows significant single-agent efficacy and the potential and
     superior safety in combination with PD-1. SIM0235 can specifically recognize TNFR2 expressed on
     the cell surface and kill immunosuppressive cells such as Treg and myeloid derived suppressor cells
     (“MDSC”) with high expression of TNFR2 through Fc end functions including antibody dependent cell-
     mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) and antibody dependent cell-mediated phagocytosis (ADCP). At the
     same time, it can also block the activation of endogenous tumor necrosis factor (TNF) on TNFR2,
     inhibit the immunosuppressive function mediated by TNFR2 and the proliferation of related TNFR2+
     immunosuppressive cells Treg and MDSC, enhance the body’s killing immune response to tumor and
     play an anti-tumor role. In addition, SIM0235 can specifically recognize TNFR2 expressed on the surface
     of tumor cells and directly kill tumor cells with high expression of TNFR2 through the effector function
     mediated by Fc end of antibody.

     •     On March 13, 2023, the Group reached a clinical development cooperation agreement with MSD to
           explore the possibility of using SIM0235 in combination with KEYTRUDAR (Pembrolizumab), a PD-1
           antibody drug in the above phase I trial.

     •     As of the date of this report, the phase I clinical trial of SIM0235 for relapsed or refractory advanced
           solid tumors and cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL) progressed smoothly in China and the United
           States, which has completed the enrollment plan for the single-dose escalation stage and obtained
           the recommended dose for combination, and is proceeding to the dose exploration study stage of
           combination therapies currently.


     SIM0237 (PD-L1/IL15v bispecific antibody)

     SIM0237 is an anti-PD-L1 monoclonal antibody fused with IL-15/IL-15Rα sushi protein and developed
     in-house by utilizing the Group’s protein engineering platform. It can block the PD-1/PD-L1
     immunosuppressive pathway via binding to PD-L1 and activate the immune system through its IL-15 part,
     thus playing a synergistic role of relieving immunosuppression and boosting the immune system to exhibit
     antitumor effect. Preclinical studies showed that SIM0237 is more effective than PD-L1 or IL-15 mono
     treatment in mouse tumor models, suggesting a high potential for clinical development.

     •     On March 8, 2023, a phase 1 first-in-human, open-label and multi-center study for the assessment
           of safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and preliminary anti-tumor activity among adult subjects of
           SIM0237 advanced solid tumors completed the FPI in Hunan Cancer Hospital. Currently, the MRCT
           clinical trial of SIM0237 for the treatment of advanced solid tumors is being conducted in the U.S.
           and China.




30   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     On October 15, 2023, a new indication of SIM0237 for injection has obtained the Clinical Trial
      Approval issued by the NMPA, which is intended to be applicable to patients with non-muscle
      invasive bladder cancer (“NMIBC”).

•     On January 23, 2024, SIM0237 for patients with NMIBC completed the FPI.


SIM0501 (USP1 small molecule inhibitor)

SIM0501 is an oral, non-covalent and highly selective inhibitor of Ubiquitin Specific Peptidase 1 (“USP1”)
independently developed by the Group. USP1 is found to be over-expressed in various tumors and plays
a key role in DNA damage response and repair. The inhibition of USP1 can promote apoptosis in tumors,
especially in the tumors with homologous recombination deficiency (“HRD”). Following the success of
PARP inhibitor (“PARPi”), the USP1 inhibitor is expected to provide innovative solutions for more patients
with solid tumors in the field of “synthetic lethality”. In preclinical in vitro and in vivo pharmacology studies,
SIM0501 has shown significant anti-proliferation activity against HRD tumors as a monotherapy or in
combination with PARPi, which demonstrates high potential for clinical development.

•     On December 2, 2023, the IND application of SIM0501 to initiate clinical trials for advanced solid
      tumors was approved by the FDA.

•     On January 10, 2024, SIM0501 tablets has obtained the Clinical Trial Approval issued by the NMPA,
      pursuant to which, SIM0501 tablets have been approved to initiate clinical trials for advanced
      malignant solid tumors as monotherapy.

•     On March 19, 2024, the above clinical trial completed the FIH.


SIM0500 (humanized GPRC5D-BCMA-CD3 trispecific antibody)

SIM0500 is a humanized GPRC5D-BCMA-CD3 trispecific antibody, which is a potential best-in-class (BIC)
drug for the treatment of multiple myeloma based on the preclinical data. Through the research and
development platform of multispecific antibody drugs with the Group’s own T-cell engagers, SIM0500 is a
tumor-targeted T-cell activating drug, composed with the Group’s self-developed CD3 antibody with the
feature activated by low affinity and high target activation and the antibody with anti-tumor associated
antigen. It has the advantages of excellent tumor-killing effect and good tolerance. SIM0500 can potentially
overcome the drug resistance caused by the existing treatments, and show excellent anti-tumor activity
in various animal pharmacodynamic models with different expression levels and has multiple advantages
such as low effective dose and no recurrence of tumors after drug withdrawal.

•     On January 2, 2024, the IND application of SIM0500 injection in China was accepted by the NMPA.

•     On March 9, 2024, the IND application of SIM0500 in the U.S. was approved by FDA. SIM0500
      is intended to be investigated in a clinical trial in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple
      myeloma.

On April 9, 2024, SIM0500 for injection was granted a FDA Fast Track Designation for patients with multiple
myeloma, who are refractory to, or intolerant of, established therapies known to provide clinical benefit
and have received ≥3 prior lines of therapy including a proteasome inhibitor (PI), an immunomodulatory
agent (IMiD) and an anti-CD38 monoclonal antibody.


                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023   31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     SIM0348 (humanized TIGIT/PVRIG bispecific antibody)

     SIM0348 is an IgG1-based humanized TIGIT/PVRIG bispecific antibody developed in-house by utilizing
     the Group’s protein engineering platform. It can specifically bind two novel immune checkpoint proteins,
     human TIGIT and PVRIG at the same time, aiming to block the interaction between CD155/TIGIT and CD112/
     PVRIG, and improve the anti-tumor activity of immune cells. SIM0348 has Fc-mediated effector function
     and can kill immunosuppressive Treg cells with high expression of TIGIT and dual expression of TIGIT and
     PVRIG, while better mediating the activation and killing effect of NK cells and further enhancing the tumor-
     killing ability of dual antibodies.

     •      On March 29, 2023, a first-in-human, open-label and multi-center phase 1 study to evaluate the
            safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and preliminary anti-tumor activity of SIM0348 in advanced
            solid tumors reached the FPI in the Cancer Center of Sun Yat-sen University (中山大學). Currently,
            the study has completed the study for single-dose exploration stage and proceeds to the study for
            dose exploration of combination therapies.


     SIM0395 (PI3K/mTOR)

     SIM0395 is a BBB-penetrant inhibitor of the PI3K/mTOR pathway. A phase II clinical study showed that
     Paxalisib has shown highly encouraging signals of clinical efficacy among glioblastoma patients with
     unmethylated MGMT promoter status. Paxalisib was awarded the GBM orphan drug certification by FDA
     in 2018 and the fast track certification by FDA, the rare childhood disease and orphan drug certification
     of diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma (DIPG) in 2020. In March 2021, the Group entered into an exclusive
     licensing agreement with Kazia to introduce the development and commercialization rights of SIM0395 for
     all indications in the Greater China region. At present, the partner Kazia is in the international multi-center
     pivotal phase III clinical trial for glioblastoma (GBM AGILE Study).


     SIM0278 (IL2 mu Fc)

     SIM0278 is an Fc fusion protein with an IL-2 mutein of Treg, developed based on the Group’s protein
     engineering technology platform. By introducing the mutation, the affinity of SIM0278 to effector T cells
     is reduced, while the high affinity of Treg cells is retained. Pre-clinical studies have showed that SIM0278
     can selectively activate Treg cells in vitro without activating effector T cells or NK cells, so as to achieve
     the effect of restoring the body’s immune balance and has the potential to be developed for the treatment
     of various autoimmune diseases. On September 28, 2022, the Group entered into a licensing agreement
     with Almirall, S.A. (“Almirall”). Under the agreement, the Group grants Almirall an exclusive rights and
     interests in the development and commercialization of SIM0278 outside Greater China, while the Group
     retains all rights and interests in the Greater China Territory.

     •      On July 27, 2023, SIM0278 injection obtained the clinical trial approval issued by the NMPA, which is
            indicated for moderate-to-severe Atopic Dermatitis.




32   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     On August 26, 2023, the phase I clinical study of SIM0278 achieved FIH in China.

•     On December 21, 2023, Almirall officially launched the phase I clinical trial of SIM0278 overseas,
      aiming to evaluate the safety, pharmacokinetics, immunogenicity and pharmacodynamics of
      SIM0278.


SIM0800 (AQP4)

SIM0800 is an Aquaporin-4 (AQP4) inhibitor developed based on the Aquaporin water channel theory which
has been awarded the Nobel Prize. It is intended for the treatment of acute severe ischaemic stroke
complicated by cerebral oedema, as a first-in-class small molecule drug with a novel mechanism of action
for brain oedema therapy. The Group entered into a license agreement with Aeromics, Inc. in October 2019,
pursuant to which, the Group obtained a proprietary and sublicensable license for its self-funded research,
development, production and commercialization of SIM0800 in the Greater China region.

•     On February 25, 2023, the phase I clinical trial of SIM0800 completed the enrollment of the last
      subject, and the phase I data demonstrated that the safety and tolerance of such drug was good.


SELECTED IND/PRE-CLINICAL STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES

The Group has approximately 40 pre-clinical drug candidates and its in-house pipelines focus on
differentiated targets with FIC and BIC potential, which provide strong and diversified product pipelines
for the long-term sustainable growth of the Group. Certain research and development assets with high
potential are as follows.


SIM0506 (SOS1 small molecule inhibitor)

SIM0506 is an effective and highly selective SOS1 inhibitor independently developed by the Group with
global intellectual property rights for the treatment of various solid tumors. SOS1 is one of the main
targets that indirectly inhibits the activity of KRAS, catalyze GTP to swap with GDP in RAS, thus activating
KRAS. Pre-clinical studies showed that SIM0506 demonstrates pan-KRAS inhibitory activity and its
synergistic effect was remarkable after combination, which is safe and tolerant with low effective dose
and good anti-tumor effect. The combination with KRAS and MEK inhibitors both showed good synergistic
effect. In clinical applications, it can be used in combination with KRAS inhibitors or ERK inhibitors or MEK
inhibitors or chemotherapeutics for the treatment of solid tumors with KRAS mutation.

•     On February 7, 2024, the IND of SIM0506 capsules was accepted by the NMPA.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023   33
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     SIM0508 (Polθ small molecule inhibitor)

     Polθ is a DNA polymerase, whose mediation of MMEJ repair pathway is one of the important approaches
     for repairing DNA double strand breaks. When tumor cells experience homologous recombination repair
     deficiency (HRD), MMEJ, a major compensation pathway, is upregulated to help tumors escape from
     DNA damage and reduce the synthetic lethal effect of PARP inhibitor and HRD. Through the combined
     use of Polθinhibitor and PARP inhibitor, the repair pathways of single-chain recovery and double-chain
     compensation in HRD tumor cells can be inhibited at the same time, which will lead to the accumulation
     of a large amount of DNA damages and induce the death of tumor cells, thereby creating enhanced
     synergistic effects. As compared with other DDR targets, Pol θ inhibitors has relatively less impacts on
     normal cells. In addition, while Pol θ inhibitors can enhance efficacy when using in combination with PARP
     inhibitors, the possibility of creating additional safety risk is relatively lower. For patients with solid tumors
     of various HRDs, it is a new therapeutic strategy which is potentially effective and safe. The Group plans to
     submit the IND to NMPA and FDA in the first half of 2024.


     SIM0505 (CDH6-ADC)

     CDH6 is a type II classical cadherin, also known as K-cadherin, located in the lateral basement membrane
     of epithelial cells and mediates calcium-dependent cell-cell adhesion. The group has developed a targeted
     CDH6 antibody-drug conjugate (ADC) by connecting CDH6 monoclonal antibody specifically binding to
     tumor cells with camptothecin toxoid molecules with independent intellectual property rights, which
     combines the tumor targeting of antibodies with the high-efficiency killing effect of toxin molecules, while
     avoiding the defects of low curative effect of the former and excessive toxic side effects and poor drug-
     making performance of the latter. Compared with traditional chemotherapy drugs, it can target tumor cells
     accurately, reduce the toxic side effects on normal cells and achieve a safer and more effective anti-tumor
     effect. Such ADC is intended to be developed for the treatment of malignant tumors like ovarian cancer and
     renal cancer, and the Group plans to submit the IND application to the NMPA and FDA at the end of 2024
     and in the first half of 2025, respectively.


     SIM0686 (FGFR2b-ADC)

     Fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) is a transmembrane tyrosine kinase receptor of fibroblast growth
     factor (FGF). At present, there are four known subtypes, namely FGFR1, FGFR2, FGFR3 and FGFR4. When
     FGFR integrates with ligand and heparin, it will induce FGFR to form dimer which make tyrosine kinase
     domain in cells autophosphorylate, activate multiple signal transduction pathways in cells and promote
     cell proliferation, survival and differentiation. FGFR2b is a splicing isomer of FGFR2, which is mainly
     expressed in epithelial tissues and has high affinity for FGF7 subfamily. The Group has developed an ADC
     targeting FGFR2b, which connects monoclonal antibodies specifically binding to tumor cell surface antigen
     FGFR2b with camptothecin toxoid molecules with independent intellectual property rights through a linker.
     Such ADC can kill cells and inhibit tumors by binding antibodies to receptors on the surface of tumor cells
     and inducing endocytosis to release toxins. Such ADC is intended to be developed for the treatment of
     advanced malignant tumors like gastric cancer and lung cancer, and the Group plans to submit the IND
     application to the NMPA and FDA in the first half of 2025.




34   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


SIM0323 (CD80/IL2)

SIM0323 is the first-in-class CD80/IL-2 bifunctional fusion protein developed by the Group and GI
Innovation, Inc. The preclinical pharmacodynamic model shows significant single-drug efficacy and the
potential for combined use with other anticancer drugs, such as PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapeutics.
In 2021, the partner was approved for clinical trials by the Korean Ministry of Food and Drug Safety and the
FDA to carry out phase I/II clinical trials of the drug.


SIM0802 (PSD-95)

SIM0802 is a dimer peptide candidate drug that the Group cooperates with Avilex, a Danish biotechnology
company, and is intended to be used for the treatment of a variety of neurological diseases such as AIS
and Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (SAH). The action target is PSD-95. PSD-95 can induce the production
of neuroexcitotoxic substances and damage neurons by forming a complex with N-methyl-D-aspartate
(“NMDA”) receptor and neuronal nitric oxide synthase (“nNOS”), one of the subtypes of glutamate receptor.
SIM0802, as a dimer inhibitor of PSD-95, can simultaneously bind to two PDZ domains in PSD-95 and block
the interaction between PSD-95, NMDA and nNOS. Its molecular structure has been optimized to have
higher affinity, higher stability and stronger neuroprotective activity.


GENERIC PHARMACEUTICALS

Fo r th e y ea r en d ed Decemb er 31, 2023, t he Gr oup obt ained appr ov als f or f our new generi c
pharmaceuticals, including bedaquiline fumarate tablets (0.1g (calculated by C 32H 31BrN 2O 2)), sevelamer
carbonate tablets (0.8g), posaconazole injection (16.7ml:0.3g) and Apremilast tablets (10mg, 20mg and
30mg), and one consistency evaluation application regarding Palonosetron Hydrochloride Injection
(5ml:0.25mg (calculated by C 19H 24N 2O)). In addition, the supplemental application of Tofacitinib Citrate
Tablets (5mg (calculated by C 16 H 20 N 6O)) for additional indication (active psoriatic arthritis) has been
approved.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

Meanwhile, the Group attaches great importance to the protection of intellectual property rights. For
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group had 310 new patent applications (including domestic and
overseas unpublished patent applications), including 300 invention patent applications, three utility model
patent applications and seven appearance design patent applications. As of December 31, 2023, the Group
has accumulatively obtained 247 invention patents, 95 utility model patents and 27 appearance design
patents.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   35
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     PROFIT FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

     The profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was approximately RMB715
     million for 2023, representing a decrease of approximately RMB216 million or approximately 23.2%
     from approximately RMB931 million for 2022. Such decrease in profit for the year attributable to equity
     shareholders of the Company was mainly attributable to the following investment projects and one-off gain
     items: (1) net realized and unrealized losses (before tax) on financial assets at fair value through profit or
     loss of approximately RMB742 million recorded for 2023 due to the change in fair value of the investment
     in the shares of 3D Medicines Inc., which is measured based on the closing price of the shares of 3D
     Medicines as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023, while the net realized and unrealized gains
     (before tax) on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss recorded for such investment in FY2022
     was approximately RMB394 million; and (2) one-off gain (before tax) of approximately RMB789 million
     recorded by the Group from the disposal of subsidiaries in the first half of 2023.


     LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

     The Group maintained a sound financial position. As at December 31, 2023, the Group had cash and
     cash equivalents of approximately RMB2,007 million (as at December 31, 2022: approximately RMB1,658
     million), time deposits of approximately RMB12 million (as at December 31, 2022: approximately RMB975
     million). As at December 31, 2023, the Group had a balance of bank loans of approximately RMB1,221
     million (as at December 31, 2022: approximately RMB1,292 million), of which, RMB1,015 million (as at
     December 31, 2022: RMB1,292 million) would mature within one year. As of December 31, 2023, all of the
     Group’s bank loans bore interest at fixed rates, and the effective interest rate range for these loans was
     0.85% to 2.70% per annum. As at December 31, 2023, the gearing ratio of the Group (total liabilities divided
     by total assets) was approximately 33.5% (as at December 31, 2022: approximately 33.7%).

     Currently, the Group follows a set of funding and treasury policies to manage its capital resources and
     prevent risks involved. The Group expects to fund its working capital and other capital requirements from a
     combination of various sources, including but not limited to external financing at reasonable market rates.
     In order to better control and minimize the cost of funds, the Group’s treasury activities are centralized.

     The assets and liabilities of the Group were denominated in RMB, USD, GBP and HKD. During the
     Reporting Period, the Group did not employ financial derivatives or enter into foreign derivative contracts
     to hedge against foreign exchange risk. However, the Group manages the foreign exchange risks by
     closely monitoring the net exposure of foreign exchange risk to minimize the impact of foreign exchange
     fluctuations.




36   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


PLEDGE OF GROUP’S ASSETS

As at December 31, 2023, the Group pledged bills receivable of approximately RMB76 million for issuance
of bank acceptance bills and pledged bank deposits of approximately RMB53 million for issuance of letter
of guarantee. As at December 31, 2023, leasehold land with net book value of approximately RMB113
million was pledged as security for banking facilities, which were not used at the reporting date. Save as
disclosed above, as at December 31, 2023, none of the Group’s assets were pledged.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at December 31, 2023, the Group had no contingent liabilities.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any significant investments.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

Save as disclosed in “Use of Proceeds from the Listing” in this report, as at December 31, 2023, the Group
did not have any other future plans for material investments and capital assets.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group had no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   37
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

     As at December 31, 2023, the Group had a total of 7,027 full-time employees. The Group attached great
     importance to the recruitment, training and retention of outstanding employees, maintained a high
     standard in selecting and recruiting talents worldwide, and offered competitive compensation packages.
     The remuneration of employees mainly included basic salary, performance-based bonus and long-
     term incentives. Remuneration of the full-time Directors and senior management of the Company shall
     be determined by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board with reference to the
     principal duties of relevant managerial positions, the results of performance assessment, as well as
     the remuneration level in the market. For the year ended December 31, 2023, staff costs (including
     emoluments, social insurance and other benefits of the Directors) amounted to approximately RMB2,402
     million. The Group established Simcere Institute, providing employees with training on a regular basis,
     including orientation programs and technical training for new employees, professional and management
     training for middle and senior management, and health and safety training across all staff. In addition, the
     Group has also adopted a restricted share unit scheme on May 20, 2021, with an aim to (1) incentivise the
     existing and incoming directors, senior management and employees for their contribution to the Group;
     and (2) attract, motivate and retain skilled and experienced personnel to strive for the future development
     and expansion of the Group by providing them with the opportunity to own equity interests in the Company.

     DEFINED CONTRIBUTION RETIREMENT PLAN

     The Group only operates defined contribution pension plans. Employees of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries
     are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement plan administered and operated by the local
     municipal government. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries contribute funds which are calculated on certain
     percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal government to the plan to
     fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

     No forfeited contribution (by the Group on behalf of its employees who leave the scheme prior to vesting
     fully in such contributions) is available to be utilized by the Group to reduce the contributions payable in the
     future years or to reduce the Group’s existing level of contributions to the defined contribution retirement
     plan.




38   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The board (the “Board”) of directors (“Directors”, and each a “Director”) of the Company is pleased to
submit this report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December
31, 2023 (the “Reporting Period”).


GENERAL INFORMATION

The Company was incorporated in Hong Kong on November 30, 2015. The shares of the Company (the
“Share(s)”) were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on October 27, 2020.


PRINCIPAL BUSINESS

The Company is an investment holding company. The Group primarily engages in the R&D, production and
commercialization of pharmaceuticals. The Group has a diversified product portfolio in its strategically-
focused therapeutic areas, including (i) oncology, (ii) nervous system, (iii) autoimmune and (iv) anti-
infection, with leading positions in their respective therapeutic segments and/or established track record.

Operating segment information of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023 is presented in Note
4 to the consolidated financial statements, and a list of principal subsidiaries of the Company, together
with the details of their places of incorporation and business, principal activities and issued and paid-in
capital, is set out in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. There are no changes in the principal
business of the Group during the year.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The operating results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the financial positions of the
Group and the Company as at the same date are set out on pages 113 to 116 of the consolidated financial
statements and page 227 of the company-level statement of financial position.

On March 20, 2024, the Board declared the payment of final dividend of RMB0.16 per Share for the year
ended December 31, 2023 to shareholders of the Company (the“Shareholder(s)”) whose names are
on the register of members of the Company on Tuesday, June 25, 2024. Based on the total number of
Shares in issue as of the date of this report, the total final dividend to be paid by the Company amounts
to approximately RMB417,561,858.88. The proposed final dividend will be subject to the approval by the
Shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company (the “AGM”) to be held on Friday, June 14,
2024 and is expected to be distributed to Shareholders on or before Monday, July 15, 2024.


DIVIDEND POLICY

For the details of the dividend policy of the Company, please refer to the “Corporate Governance Report –
Dividend Policy” on page 89 of this annual report.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   39
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     BUSINESS REVIEW

     A fair review of the business of the Group including an indication of likely future developments of the
     Group’s business and an analysis of the Group’s performance using financial key performance indicators
     during the year ended December 31, 2023 are provided in the sections headed “Financial Highlights”,
     “Company Overview”, “Chairman’s Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 4, 5,
     6 and 7 of this annual report, which form part of this report.


     FINANCIAL SUMMARY

     According to the audited consolidated financial statements, a summary of results, assets and liabilities of
     the Group for the past five fiscal years is presented on page 230 of this annual report. This summary does
     not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.


     SUBSIDIARIES

     Simnogen Biotech Ltd. (“Simnogen Biotech”), a limited liability company established and operated in the
     PRC, is held as to 51% by the Group, the financial statements of which, however, are not consolidated into
     that of the Group as the Group does not control its board of directors. Therefore, Simnogen Biotech is a
     subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

     In addition, Jiangsu Xinhaikang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (“Xinhaikang”), a limited liability company
     established and operated in the PRC, is held as to 70% by the Group, the financial statements of which,
     however, are not consolidated into that of the Group as the Group does not control its board of directors.
     Therefore, Xinhaikang is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of
     the Laws of Hong Kong).

     Save as disclosed herein, particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 15 to the
     consolidated financial statements.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of changes in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in Note 12
     to the consolidated financial statements.


     SHARE CAPITAL

     The Company had 2,630,975,618 ordinary Shares in issue as of December 31, 2023. Details of the
     movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023 are set out in Note
     35 to the consolidated financial statements.


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING

     The net proceeds from the initial public offering of the Shares in October 2020 and allotment and issuance
     of the Shares pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option in November 2020 (the “Net
     Proceeds”), amounted to approximately HK$3,513.09 million in aggregate. The proposed use of the Net
     Proceeds was disclosed in the prospectus of the Company dated October 13, 2020 (the “Prospectus”).



40   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The following table sets out the utilization of the Net Proceeds as of the December 31, 2023 and the
expected timeline for utilization:

                                                                           Accumulated
                                                                          amount of the     Accumulated
                                                                           Net Proceeds     amount of the      Amount of the
                                                                          utilized during   Net Proceeds       Net Proceeds
                                                                Actual    the year ended     utilized as of   unutilized as of
                                                         amount of the     December 31,     December 31,       December 31,
                                        Percentage of     Net Proceeds              2023             2023                2023
 Purpose                              the total amount (HK$ in million) (HK$ in million) (HK$ in million) (HK$ in million)       Expected timeline for utilization
 Continuous research and                         60%          2,107.85            378.56          1,575.47             532.38    The actual Net Proceeds are expected
   development of the Group’s                                                                                                      to be fully utilized by 2027.
   selected product candidates
   in its strategically focused
   therapeutic areas
 Reinforcement of the Group’s                    10%            351.31                 –            351.31                  –    The actual Net Proceeds have been fully
   sales and marketing capabilities                                                                                                utilized.
 Investment in companies in the                  10%            351.31                 –            351.31                  –    The actual Net Proceeds have been fully
   pharmaceutical or                                                                                                               utilized.
   biotechnology sector
 Repayment of certain of the                     10%            351.31                 –            351.31                  –    The actual Net Proceeds have been fully
   Group’s outstanding bank loans                                                                                                  utilized.
 Working capital and other general               10%            351.31                 –            351.31                  –    The actual Net Proceeds have been fully
   corporate purposes                                                                                                              utilized.

 Total                                          100%          3,513.09            378.56         2,980.71              532.38


For more details, please refer to the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds – Use of Proceeds”
of the Prospectus. On April 15, 2021, the Board resolved to reallocate the Net Proceeds amounting
to approximately HK$325.62 million for the selected cell therapy product candidates, including CD19
CAR T-cell therapy (Indication 1), CD19 CAR T-cell therapy (Indication 2), BCMA CAR T-cell therapy and
SIM0325, to the selected oncology product candidates that are currently under development, including
COSELA ® (SCLC, metastatic CRC and TNBC), SIM0395 and Docetaxel Polymeric Micelles for Injection.
On August 31, 2022, the Board resolved to reallocate part of the unutilized Net Proceeds amounting
to approximately HK$530 million which originally proposed to be used in selected innovative oncology
product candidates at pre-clinical stages (including SIM-200, SIM-203-1, SIM-203-2, SIM-203-3 and
SIM-236) to continuous R&D of Sanbexin ® sublingual tablets, Sanbexin ® (Edaravone and Dexborneol
Concentrated Solution for Injection), XIANNUOXIN® and SIM0278. For relevant details, please refer to the
announcements of the Company dated April 15, 2021 and August 31, 2022 in relation to the change in use of
proceeds (the “Announcements”). As of December 31, 2023, the Net Proceeds utilized was approximately
HK$2,980.71 million and the Net Proceeds unutilized was approximately HK$532.38 million. The Company
intends to apply the unutilized Net Proceeds as of December 31, 2023 in the manner and proportion set out
in the Prospectus and the Announcements.


                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023          41
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

     The Directors have been granted a general mandate by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting of
     the Company held on June 15, 2023 (the “2022 AGM”) to repurchase up to 266,404,561 Shares on the Stock
     Exchange (the “Repurchase Mandate”), representing 10% of the total number of issued Shares as of the
     date of the 2022 AGM. During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 47,323,000 Shares
     on the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Repurchase Mandate at a total consideration (excluding expenses)
     of HK$312,456,420.00 (the “Share Repurchase”), which was funded by internal resources of the Company.
     As of the date of this report, the 47,323,000 Shares repurchased by the Company during the Reporting
     Period were all cancelled. Details of the Shares repurchased by the Company during the Reporting Period
     are as follows:

                                                           The highest         The lowest                   Total
                                                Total   purchase price      purchase price          consideration
      Month of                          number of           per Share           per Share     (excluding expense)
      Share Repurchase        Shares repurchased                (HK$)               (HK$)                  (HK$)
      June 2023                             7,043,000             7.77                 7.20            53,079,460
      September 2023                    21,028,000                6.62                 6.05           134,310,160
      October 2023                      14,375,000                6.82                 5.92            91,606,080
      November 2023                         2,019,000             7.36                 6.80            14,496,730
      December 2023                         2,858,000             7.15                 6.24            18,963,990

      Total                            47,323,000                   –                    –           312,456,420


     The Board believes that the Share Repurchase demonstrates the Company’s confidence in its own
     business outlook and prospects and would, ultimately, benefit the Company and create value to the
     Shareholders. In addition, the Board believes that the current financial resources of the Company enable it
     to implement the Share Repurchase while maintaining a solid financial position.

     Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had
     purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.


     DEBENTURE ISSUED

     The Group did not issue any debenture during the year ended December 31, 2023.




42   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT


RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements,
respectively.


RESERVES AVAILABLE FOR DISTRIBUTION

The Company’s reserves available for distribution to the Shareholders at December 31, 2023 amounted to
RMB132,582,000 (2022: RMB252,418,000).


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The Company’s customers primarily consist of (i) distributors and pharmacy chains which directly
purchase pharmaceutical products from the Company; (ii) other pharmaceutical manufacturers to which
the Company provides promotion services; and (iii) biotechnology company which the Company provides
research services. The Company’s suppliers primarily include (i) suppliers for the raw materials of the
Group’s pharmaceutical products; and (ii) manufacturers of third-party pharmaceutical products.

For the year ended December 31, 2023, revenue from the five largest customers of the Group accounted for
14.1% of its total revenue, and revenue from the largest customer of the Group accounted for 5.2% of its
total revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2023, purchase amount from the five largest suppliers of
the Group accounted for 54.3% of its total purchase costs, and purchase amount from the largest supplier
of the Group accounted for 33.0% of its total purchase costs.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, none of the Directors, their respective close associates or any
Shareholder (who, to the knowledge of the Directors, owned more than 5% of the issued Shares of the
Company), had any interest in any of the Group’s top five customers and suppliers.

KEY RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS

Human resources are one of the most important assets of the Group. The Group strives to motivate its
employees by providing them with a clear career path as well as comprehensive and professional training
courses. In addition, the Group also offers competitive remuneration packages to its employees, including
basic salary, certain benefits and other performance-based incentives.

The Group purchases imported pharmaceutical products from overseas suppliers directly and generate
revenue by on-selling them to hospitals and pharmacies through distributors. The Group’s suppliers have
granted it the rights to market, promote and manage sales channels for their products in China. The Group
maintains a stable and long-term relationship with its suppliers by providing them access to the growing
Chinese market with steady sales growth.

The Group sells pharmaceutical products to distributors, who resell the products to hospitals and
pharmacies either directly or indirectly through their sub-distributors. The Group maintains stable and
long-term relationship with its distributors by providing them guidance and training.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   43
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     The Group recognizes the importance of proper adoption of environmental policies which is essential
     to the attainability of corporate growth. The strategy committee of the Company is responsible for (i)
     making suggestions for the development of the Company’s environmental, social and governance (“ESG”)
     objectives and monitoring the progress of their implementation; and (ii) reviewing the development trends
     of the ESG industry as well as evaluating and making suggestions for major ESG-related decisions,
     ensuring the Company complies with relevant legal and regulatory requirements, and promoting
     implementation of relevant policies by various departments of the Company.

     The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations related to environmental protection in the place of
     operation, regularly monitors air pollutants, water pollution, harmful and harmless wastes and noise, and
     disposes them in accordance with the laws. In order to improve the performance of energy conservation
     and emission reduction and the level of environmental management, the Group continues to improve the
     environmental management system and include indicators of energy conservation and environmental
     protection into the annual assessment through the formulation of performance assessment measures for
     energy conservation and environmental protection management, so as to promote a long-term working
     mechanism for energy conservation and environmental protection. The Group also carries out online
     publicity activities of environmental protection to fully integrate the concept of energy conservation and
     emission reduction into daily office.

     The detailed information regarding the Group’s performance on environmental and social-related policies
     and the compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group will be
     disclosed in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” separately published by the Company.


     COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the
     relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group.
     During the Reporting Period, there was no material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and
     regulations by the Group.


     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

     Save as disclosed in Note 38 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, the Group has
     identified the following principal risks and uncertainties, which may have a material and adverse impact on
     the Group’s business performance, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. There may be
     other principal risks and uncertainties in addition to those set out below which are not known to the Group
     or which may not be material now but could turn out to be material in the future.




44   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Industry

•    The Group operates in a highly competitive industry. Inability to compete effectively against new or
     existing competitors in the industry could result in decrease of sales, reduction of price and loss of
     market share.

•    Science and technology, clinical demand and market condition in the pharmaceutical industry may
     change continuously and rapidly, and the Group may not be able to sufficiently and promptly respond
     to such changes.


Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Group’s Existing Products and Product Candidates

•    The Group may not be able to maintain the sales volumes, pricing levels and profit margins of its
     major products due to various factors.

•    The Group’s products may be excluded or removed from national, provincial or other government-
     sponsored medical insurance programs, or be included in national or provincial negative catalogs,
     any of which could adversely affect the Group’s sales, profitability and business prospects.

•    The Group or its products may not be able to achieve or maintain widespread acceptance and positive
     reputation among government authorities, business partners, healthcare practitioners and patients.

•    The Group may fail in tender processes to sell its products to public hospitals and other medical
     institutions in China and therefore lose market share.

•    The Group’s products may not be produced to the necessary and consistent quality standards. The
     Group’s products may cause or be perceived to cause serious adverse events due to the individual
     differences of patients as well as the complexity of diseases, thus resulting in the Group’s reputation
     and business operations being negatively affected.

•    The Group may be subject to claims relating to product liability and adverse events in connection with
     products sold and/or promoted by it as well as product candidates used by it in clinical trials. The
     Group may fail to defend itself against such claims.

•    The prices of certain of the Group’s products are subject to pricing regulation, competition and other
     factors and therefore may decrease.

•    Development of product candidates, in particular innovative drug candidates, is time-consuming
     and costly, and the outcome is uncertain. The Group may fail to achieve research and development
     milestones as planned and/or disclosed, address regulatory concerns (particularly on safety and
     efficacy) effectively, obtain regulatory approvals timely, conduct commercialization successfully, or
     achieve market acceptance as anticipated, for its product candidates.

•    The successful implementation of the Group’s product development projects is subject to a number of
     factors outside its control, including failure to maintain, renew or establish relationships with existing
     or potential research and development partners, or research and development partners’ failure to
     complete their contractual obligations or research and development targets.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   45
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     •    The Group relies on third parties to monitor, support and/or conduct pre-clinical studies and clinical
          trials of its product candidates. If these third parties fail to carry out their contractual obligations
          or meet deadlines as expected, the Group may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals for or
          commercialize its product candidates in a timely manner or at all.

     •    Even if the Group obtains regulatory approvals for product candidates, it will also be subject to
          continued regulatory review. Any failure to comply with regulatory requirements or occurrence of
          unanticipated problems with the product candidates may subject it to penalties.


     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Third-party Products

     •    The Group has limited or no control over the quality and production process of the products
          manufactured by third-party pharmaceutical companies and sold and/or promoted by it. Such third-
          party pharmaceutical companies may fail to produce or deliver the relevant products as planned
          and the relevant products may be found defective or otherwise not produced to the necessary and
          consistent quality standards.

     •    The progress of third-party research and development and the impact of market policies may cause
          risks associated with development and commercialization of the Group’s products.


     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Group’s Operations

     •    The Group may face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaboration partners, invest
          time and effort in negotiating collaboration details, obtain additional expertise and capital, incur
          non-recurring and other charges, or increase short and long-term expenditures, in connection
          with its existing and future collaboration arrangements for the development and commercialization
          of its product candidates. In addition, the Group may not be able to realize benefits from such
          arrangements.

     •    The Group depends on the supply of certain raw materials and pharmaceutical products, and it may
          encounter decrease, shortage or delay in the supply of, or increase in the price of, such raw materials
          and pharmaceutical products, which may cause disruptions to the Group’s production or increase the
          Group’s costs.

     •    If the Group’s production facilities encounter substantial disruption or other problems in
          manufacturing its products, its production capacity could be materially and adversely affected, and
          it may fail to complete contractual obligations or meet market demand for its products in a timely
          manner or at all. If the Group fails to increase production capacity, it may not be able to capture the
          potential growth in market demand for its products, or to commercialize its product candidates.

     •    The Group may fail to maintain optimal inventory levels, which could increase its operating costs or
          lead to unfulfilled customer orders.




46   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT


•   The Group may fail to sell and/or promote its products and third-party products effectively due to
    various factors, including, among other things, inadequate promotion, sales and marketing activities,
    failure to attract, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified promotion, sales and marketing
    personnel, and failure to maintain, expand and optimize an effective distribution network.

•   The Group could be subject to risks caused by misuse, leakage or loss of information maintained in
    its or its collaborators’ information technology systems, including personal and medical information
    that the Group or its collaborators collected in clinical trials. Any misuse, leakage or loss of such
    information could result in liability and damage to the Group and distract the attention of its
    management.

•   The Group’s employees, distributors or third-party promoters may engage in misconduct or other
    improper activities, as a result of which, the Group may be exposed to regulatory investigations,
    penalties or other negative consequences.

•   The Group may not be able to successfully complete any acquisition or enhance post-acquisition
    performance in the future.

•   If the Group fails to adequately protect its intellectual property, or if the scope of its intellectual
    property fails to sufficiently protect its proprietary rights, other pharmaceutical companies could
    compete against it more directly. Occurrence of counterfeits of the Group’s products may also expose
    the Group to reduced sales volume of the relevant products, negative publicity, reputational damages
    and even litigations.

•   The Group may become a party to litigations, legal disputes, claims or administrative proceedings,
    which could divert its management’s attention and result in costs, liabilities and damages to its
    reputation.

•   The Group’s insurance coverage is limited and may be insufficient. The occurrence of uninsured
    losses could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.

•   If the Group’s internal risk management and control system is not adequate or effective, and if it fails
    to detect potential risks in its business as intended, the Group’s business, financial condition and
    results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

•   The Group may lose the services of one or more of its senior management team, key research and
    development personnel and other key personnel, and the Group may not be able to locate suitable or
    qualified replacements in a timely manner or at all.

•   Any future occurrence of force majeure events, natural disasters or outbreaks of contagious
    diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and
    results of operations.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   47
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Group’s Financial Condition


     •    If the Group experiences delays in collecting payments from distributors, its cash flows and
          operations could be adversely affected.

     •    Any change or discontinuation in preferential tax treatment or financial subsidies that currently are or
          may be available to the Group in the future could materially and adversely affect its business, financial
          condition and results of operations.

     •    The fair value measurement of certain of the Group’s assets is subject to significant risks and
          uncertainties and the fair value change of such assets may materially and adversely affect its results
          of operations.

     •    Any significant decrease in the Group’s future profitability could materially and adversely affect its
          ability to recover its deferred tax assets.

     •    If the Group does not have access to sufficient funding for the implementation of its strategies and
          other aspects of its business, its business prospects and future growth could be adversely affected.


     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Regulatory Compliance

     •    Promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations, or amendments or further interpretation or
          enforcement of existing laws, rules and regulations, may materially affect the Group’s business and
          profitability.

     •    The Group’s overseas investments may be subject to laws, rules, regulations and policies, as well as
          developments thereof, in the corresponding jurisdictions.

     •    The Group may be restricted from transferring its scientific data abroad and exchanging of data and
          materials during the collaborative development and research.

     •    The Group or its business partners may fail to successfully obtain, maintain or renew the necessary
          permits, licenses or certificates for the development, production, promotion, sales or distribution of
          its products.

     •    If the Group fails to comply with laws and regulations regarding environmental, social and governance
          matters, it could be subject to fines or penalties which may adversely affect its business and
          reputation.




48   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Group’s Operational Environment

•    Economic, political and social conditions and government policies could continue to affect the Group’s
     business, results of operations and financial condition.

•    Market regulatory actions and civil claims derived therefrom against the Group may expose it to
     penalties, business constraints and reputational damages.

•    Investors may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process and seeking recognition and
     enforcement of judgments across jurisdictions.

The Company believes that risk management is essential to the Group’s effective and efficient operations,
reliable financial reporting and regulatory compliance. Senior management team of the Company assists
the Board in evaluating material risk exposure of the Group, participates in formulation of appropriate
risk management and internal control measures, and ensures such measures are properly implemented
during the Group’s daily operations. However, investors are still advised to make their own judgment or
consult their own investment advisers before making any investment in the Shares.


BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as of December 31, 2023 are set out in the
section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis – Liquidity and Financial Resources” in this annual
report and Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.


DONATIONS

During the Reporting Period, the Group made charitable and other donations in an aggregate amount of
approximately RMB67.13 million.


IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On January 1, 2024, Jiangsu Simcere Biological Co., Ltd. (江蘇先聲生物製藥有限公司) (“Simcere
Biological”, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into an equity transfer
agreement with Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics Technology Co., Ltd. (江蘇先聲診斷技術有限公司) (“Jiangsu
Diagnostics Technology”), pursuant to which Simcere Biological has agreed to acquire, and Jiangsu
Diagnostics Technology has agreed to sell, the entire equity interest in Nanjing BioSciKin Innovative
Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (南京百家匯創新醫療科技有限公司) (“Nanjing BioSciKin”) for a cash
consideration of RMB42,306,500 (the “Acquisition”). The Acquisition was completed on January 31, 2024.
Since then, Nanjing BioSciKin has become an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. For
details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated January 1, 2024.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   49
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     On February 24, 2024, the Company, Simcere Pharmaceutical (Shandong) Co., Ltd. (先聲藥業（山東）有限公
     司) (a directly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), Hainan Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (海南
     先聲藥業有限公司) (an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) and Hainan Simcere Zaiming
     Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (海南先聲再明醫藥股份有限公司) (“Simcere Zaiming”, formerly known as Simcere
     Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲再明醫藥有限公司) and an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the
     Company before the Capital Contribution) and each of its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Simcere Zaiming
     Group”) entered into the capital contribution agreement (the “Capital Contribution Agreement”), the
     shareholders’ agreement and other relevant transaction documents with Future Industry Investment Fund
     II (Limited Partnership) (先進製造產業投資基金二期（有限合夥）), Shenzhen Zhongshen Xinchuang Equity
     Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深圳中深新創股權投資合夥企業（有限合夥）), Suzhou Apricot
     Xingyong Emerging Medical Industry Investment Fund Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (蘇
     州杏澤興湧新興醫療產業投資基金管理合夥企業（有限合夥）) and Quanzhou Dingxin Zhonghe Investment
     Partnership (Limited Partnership) (泉州鼎信中和投資合夥企業（有限合夥）) (collectively, the “Investors”).
     Pursuant to the Capital Contribution Agreement, the Investors have conditionally agreed to make capital
     contribution, by way of cash, to Simcere Zaiming in the aggregate amount of RMB970 million in return for
     approximately 11.45% of the enlarged issued share capital of Simcere Zaiming in aggregate (the “Capital
     Contribution”). Upon completion of the Capital Contribution, Simcere Zaiming will become an indirectly
     wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the financial results of Simcere Zaiming will continue to be
     consolidated into the financial statements of the Group. For details, please refer to the announcement of
     the Company dated February 24, 2024.

     In addition, as a step of pre-completion restructurings of the Capital Contribution, the board of directors
     and shareholders of Simcere Zaiming have resolved to adopt an employee incentive scheme (the
     “Scheme”) to recognize the past and present contributions and to incentivize the future contributions by
     senior management and core employees of Simcere Zaiming Group. On March 20, 2024, the Board has
     resolved to grant the incentive interest, representing approximately 5% of the enlarged issued share
     capital of Simcere Zaiming immediately upon completion of the Capital Contribution, to the selected
     participants by way of subscribing for registered capital in Simcere Zaiming either directly or through
     the shareholding platform for selected participants under the Scheme (the “ESOP Platform”), subject
     to acceptance by the relevant selected participants. For details, please refer to the announcement of
     the Company dated March 20, 2024. Moreover, on March 21, 2024, the Board has resolved to grant an
     aggregate of 3,828,000 RSUs, representing 3,828,000 underlying Shares, to an aggregate of 31 eligible
     participants under the 2021 RSU Scheme (as defined below) at nil consideration subject to acceptance by
     the grantees. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated March 21, 2024.

     Save as disclosed above, after the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, there were no
     important events affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     2021 RSU Scheme

     On May 20, 2021 (the “Adoption Date”), the Board adopted the 2021 restricted share unit scheme of
     the Company (the “2021 RSU Scheme”). In light of the amended Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules taking
     into effect from January 1, 2023, the Company has amended the 2021 RSU Scheme and adopted the
     scheme mandate limit (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the 2021 RSU Scheme (the “Scheme Mandate
     Limit”), which were approved at the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 15, 2023 (the
     “Amendment Date”). Principal amended terms of the 2021 RSU Scheme are summarized below:




50   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Purpose

The purpose of the 2021 RSU Scheme is to (i) incentivize the existing and incoming directors, senior
management and employees for their contribution to the Group; and (ii) attract, motivate and retain skilled
and experienced personnel to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group by providing
them with the opportunity to own equity interests in the Company, with a view to achieving the objectives of
increasing the value of the Company and aligning the interests of the selected participants under the 2021
RSU Scheme (the “Selected Participants”) directly to the Shareholders through ownership of Shares.


Effectiveness and duration

Without prejudicing the subsisting rights of any Selected Participant and subject to any early termination
as may be determined by the Board or a committee of the Board delegated by it the authority to administer
the 2021 RSU Scheme (the “Administrator”), the 2021 RSU Scheme shall be valid and effective for a
period of ten years commencing on the Adoption Date, after which no further awards (the “Awards”)
will be granted, but the provisions of the 2021 RSU Scheme shall in all other respects remain in full
force and effect to the extent necessary to give effect to any Awards granted prior to such expiry and the
administration of the trust fund held by the trustee (the “Trustee”) for the benefit of the grantees under the
2021 RSU Scheme.

As of the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the 2021 RSU Scheme was approximately seven
years.


Administration

The 2021 RSU Scheme is subject to the administration of the Administrator in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the 2021 RSU Scheme. The Administrator shall have the sole and absolute right to (i)
interpret and construe the provisions of the 2021 RSU Scheme; (ii) determine the eligible participants
(the “Eligible Participants”) who will be granted the RSUs under the 2021 RSU Scheme, the terms and
conditions on which the RSUs will be granted and the vesting conditions and schedule of the RSUs to be
granted pursuant to the 2021 RSU Scheme; (iii) make such appropriate and equitable adjustments to the
terms of the RSUs granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme as it deems necessary; and (iv) make such other
decisions or determinations as it shall deem appropriate or desirable in the administration of the 2021 RSU
Scheme. All the decisions, determinations and interpretations made by the Administrator in accordance
with the 2021 RSU Scheme shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons affected thereby.


Eligible Participants

The Eligible Participants who can receive RSUs under the 2021 RSU Scheme include directors and
employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (including persons who is granted RSUs under the
2021 RSU Scheme as an inducement to enter into employment contracts with the Company or any of its
subsidiaries), who the Administrator considers, in its sole discretion, has the below eligibility.

The eligibility of the Eligible Participants to the grant of the RSUs shall be determined by the Administrator
from time to time and on a case-by-case basis subject to the Administrator’s opinion as to his/her
contribution to the development and growth of the Group or such other factors as the Administrator may
deem appropriate.



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   51
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Maximum number of Shares to be granted

     Unless the Scheme Mandate Limit is refreshed, or grant of RSUs exceeding the Scheme Mandate Limit is
     separately approved, by the Shareholders in general meeting of the Company in accordance with the 2021
     RSU Scheme, the total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options and awards to be
     granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme and any other share options schemes and/or share award schemes
     involving issuance of new Shares adopted and to be adopted by the Company (the “Share Scheme(s)”)
     must not exceed 266,404,561 Shares, representing 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the
     Amendment Date, and 10.21% of the total number of Shares in issue as of the date of this annual report.
     For the purpose of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit, options and awards that have already lapsed in
     accordance with the terms of the Share Schemes shall not be regarded as utilised.


     Maximum entitlement of each participant

     The maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant under the 2021 RSU Scheme shall not exceed the
     limits as required under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Specifically, no RSUs shall be granted to any
     Selected Participant if, at the time of the grant, the number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect
     of all options and awards granted (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the terms
     of the scheme) to such person under the 2021 RSU Scheme and any other Share Schemes in the 12-month
     period up to and including the grant date of the relevant RSUs would exceed 1% of the total number of
     Shares in issue as at the grant date, unless such grant has been duly approved by the Shareholders in
     general meeting of the Company with such proposed Selected Participant and his/her close associates (or
     associates if the relevant Selected Participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting. The number
     and terms of RSUs to be granted to such Selected Participant must be fixed before the general meeting of
     the Company at which the same are approved.


     Purchase Price

     The purchase price (if any) for acceptance of the RSUs under the 2021 RSU Scheme shall be determined at
     the sole and absolute discretion of the Administrator after taking into consideration (i) the purpose of the
     Award; (ii) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the
     grant date; (iii) the average closing price of the Shares for the five Business Days prior to the grant date;
     and/or (iv) any other matter which the Administrator considers relevant. Such consideration (if any) shall
     be paid to the Company or the Trustee at the sole and absolute discretion of the Administrator. For the
     avoidance of doubt, the Administrator may determine the purchase price to be nil. The grant letter issued
     by the Administrator to each Selected Participant will state the purchase price, if applicable, and that an
     acceptance of the grant must be accompanied by payment of the purchase price and its payment period
     and mechanism.




52   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Vesting of RSUs

Subject to the terms of the 2021 RSU Scheme and the specific terms and conditions applicable to each
award, the RSUs granted in an award shall be subject to a vesting schedule (if any) and to the satisfaction
of performance milestones or targets and/or other conditions to be determined by the Administrator
(if any) in its sole and absolute discretion. If such conditions are not satisfied or waived, the award
shall automatically lapse on the date on which any such condition is not satisfied, as determined by the
Administrator in its sole and absolute discretion. The Board (or, as the case may be, the person(s) or
institution(s) authorized by the Board) will conduct assessment at the end of a performance period by
comparing the Group’s overall performance and the individual performance of the grantees with the pre-
agreed performance targets to determine whether the targets and the extents to which have been met.

The vesting period shall not be less than 12 months unless the Administrator determines, in its sole
discretion, that the RSUs granted to a Selected Participant may be subject to a vesting period of less
than 12 months in the following circumstances: (i) awards are subject to performance-based vesting
conditions provided, in lieu of time-based vesting criteria to stimulate the Selected Participant to achieve
the relevant performance targets in a shorter period; or (ii) awards are granted in batches during a year for
administrative and compliance reasons, in which case, the vesting period may be shorter to reflect the time
from which the RSUs would have been granted.

For further details of the 2021 RSU Scheme and its amendments, please refer to the announcements and
circular of the Company dated May 20, 2021, March 31, 2023, May 25, 2023 and June 15, 2023.


Details of the RSUs granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme

During the Reporting Period, the Board resolved on June 28, 2023 to grant an aggregate of 4,378,000 RSUs,
representing 4,378,000 underlying Shares, to an aggregate of 59 Eligible Participants, who are employees
of the Group, under the 2021 RSU Scheme at nil consideration. For details of such grants, please refer to
the announcement of Company dated June 28, 2023.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023   53
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Given the Scheme Mandate Limit was adopted on June 15, 2023, the number of RSUs available for grant
     under the 2021 RSU Scheme was 87,884,344 as of January 1, 2023 and was 268,957,858 as of December
     31, 2023. The number of Shares underlying the RSUs granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme during the
     Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue during the Reporting Period
     is 0.16%. Details of the outstanding RSUs granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme and the movements during
     the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                                                       Closing   Weighted              Fair value
                                            Number          Number                    price of   average               of awards                                      Number                           Approximate
                                           of Shares       of Shares                the Shares   closing              at the date                                    of Shares                          percentage
                                         underlying       underlying     Number immediately      price of the            of grant                                   underlying                             of total
                                           the RSUs        the RSUs      of RSUs    before the   Shares                   and the                                    the RSUs                            number of
                                         outstanding outstanding         granted       date on   immediately accounting                  Vested         Lapsed outstanding         Vesting dates         Shares in
                                                as of          as of   during the    which the   before the             standard      during the    during the           as of            (subject issue as of
      Name or category                    the date of     January 1,   Reporting awards were     vesting               and policy     Reporting     Reporting December 31,              to vesting December 31,
      of grantee         Date of grant    grant(Note 1)        2023       Period      granted    date(Note 2)       adopted(Note 3)      Period    Period(Note 4)        2023    conditions(Note 5))         2023

      Directors
      Mr. Tang Renhong   November 1,       3,000,000       2,000,000           –      HK$8.12                   –        HK$7.92              –      1,000,000       1,000,000             Note 6          0.0380%
                           2021
                         November 9,       1,650,000       1,650,000           –     HK$11.34          HK$7.65         HK$11.62          550,000               –     1,100,000             Note 7          0.0418%
                           2022
      Mr. Wan Yushan     November 1,       2,025,000       1,350,000           –      HK$8.12                   –        HK$7.92              –        675,000         675,000             Note 6          0.0257%
                           2021
                         November 9,         850,000         850,000           –     HK$11.34          HK$7.65         HK$11.62          283,333               –       566,667             Note 7          0.0215%
                           2022
      Ms. Wang Xi        November 1,         492,000         328,000           –      HK$8.12                   –        HK$7.92              –        164,000         164,000             Note 6          0.0062%
                           2021
      Other grantees
      Employees          July 16, 2021    10,937,000       5,844,000           –     HK$12.22            Note 2        HK$12.50        2,344,669     1,310,333       2,188,998             Note 8          0.0832%
                         November 1,       3,195,000       1,926,000           –      HK$8.12            Note 2          HK$7.92              –      1,070,000         856,000             Note 6         0.0325%
                           2021
                         December 23,     11,841,000       7,164,000           –      HK$9.12            Note 2          HK$9.35       2,580,702     1,605,298       2,978,000             Note 9         0.1132%
                           2021
                         May 11, 2022      6,810,000       6,177,000           –      HK$7.85            Note 2          HK$8.27       1,750,000     1,815,000       2,612,000           Note 10          0.0993%
                         September 28, 14,489,000         14,283,000           –      HK$7.01            Note 2          HK$6.72       4,013,000     2,882,000       7,388,000           Note 11          0.2808%
                           2022
                         November 9,       1,169,000       1,162,000           –     HK$11.34            Note 2        HK$11.62          264,667       377,999         519,334           Note 12          0.0197%
                           2022
                         June 28, 2023     4,378,000              –     4,378,000     HK$7.43            Note 2          HK$7.25              –        624,000       3,754,000           Note 13          0.1427%

      Total                              60,836,000       42,734,000   4,378,000            –                   –                –    11,786,371   11,523,630       23,801,999                    – 0.9047%(Note 14)




54   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Notes:

1.    The RSUs were granted to the grantees at nil consideration and were or will be transferred to the grantees upon vesting
      at nil consideration.

2.    As the RSUs held by each of the Directors were vested only once during the Reporting Period according to their
      respective vesting schedules, the weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the vesting date for
      each of the Directors equal to the closing price of Shares immediately before the vesting date. The weighted average
      closing price of the Shares immediately before the vesting date for employees as a category of grantees is HK$7.30.

3.    For details of the accounting standard and policy adopted in relation to and the basis of the measurement of fair value of
      RSUs, please see Note 34 to the financial statements in this annual report.

4.    During the Reporting Period, no RSU was cancelled.

5.    The vesting of the RSUs shall be subject to the satisfaction of the following performance targets as vesting conditions:

      (i)    the aggregate amount of profit for the year and research and development costs for the year has an increment to
             a certain extent; and

      (ii)   the results of individual performance assessments carried out by the Group’s human resources committee comply
             with each department’s function and target.

6.    One third of the RSUs granted shall vest on August 27, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively.

7.    One third of the RSUs shall vest on November 9, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

8.    One third of the RSUs granted shall vest on July 16, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively.

9.    One third of the RSUs granted shall vest on December 23, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively.

10.   In relation to 1,500,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on January 17, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.
      In relation to 5,310,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on May 11, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

11.   In relation to 13,881,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on September 28, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
      respectively. In relation to 528,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on May 11, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
      respectively. In relation to 80,000 RSUs granted, one half of the RSUs shall vest on May 11, 2023 and 2024, respectively.

12.   In relation to 1,015,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on November 9, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.
      In relation to 154,000 RSUs granted, all of them shall vest on November 9, 2023.

13.   In relation to 4,302,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on June 28, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively. In
      relation to 76,000 RSUs granted, all of them shall vest on June 28, 2024.

14.   The aggregate percentage of number of Shares underlying the RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2023 divided by
      total number of Shares in issue as of December 31, 2023 may not add up to the total percentage of 0.9047% due to
      rounding.

Saved for the 2021 RSU Scheme adopted by the Company and the pre-IPO share incentive scheme adopted
by Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited, a controlling shareholder of the Company, as set out in
Note 34 to the consolidated financial statements, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the
Company or subsisted during the year ended December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023      55
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

     Pursuant to Article 166 of the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of Association”), subject
     to the provisions of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “Companies
     Ordinance”), every Director, company secretary or other senior management member of the Company
     shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all costs, charges, expenses,
     losses and liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of his office or otherwise in
     relation thereto. Such permitted indemnity provision is currently in force and was in force throughout the
     year ended December 31, 2023.

     The Company has purchased Directors, company secretary and senior management’s liabilities insurance
     on behalf of its Directors, joint company secretaries and senior management.


     DIRECTORS

     The directors of the Company and its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this
     annual report were as follows:

      Directors of the Company:                                            Directors of subsidiaries:
      Executive Directors:                                                 CHENG Xianghua                   SONG Wenjie
      Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)              CHU Xuexi                        SUN Jiancheng(4)
      Mr. TANG Renhong                                                     CONG Yuehua(3)                   TANG Renhong
      Mr. WAN Yushan                                                       GONG Jinjie    (3)
                                                                                                            WAN Yushan
      Ms. WANG Xi(1)                                                       HU Jianzhong                     WANG Feng
                                                                           HOU Zhiwei                       WANG Pin
      Independent non-executive Directors:                                 Kyu Don Kim                      WANG Xi
      Mr. SONG Ruilin                                                      LI Zhengtao    (4)
                                                                                                            WANG Xiaobing(4)
      Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                     LU Jianxue                       XU Gang(4)
      Mr. WANG Xinhua                                                      Matthias Markus Hoess      (4)
                                                                                                            XU Renxiang(4)
      Mr. SUNG Ka Woon        (2)
                                                                           MA Yan   (3)
                                                                                                            XU Jianjian
                                                                           PENG Shaoping                    XU Yuxi
                                                                           QIAN Haibo                       ZHANG Rong(3)
                                                                           REN Jinsheng                     ZHANG Xiaojuan(4)
                                                                           REN Weidong(4)                   ZHU Tong
                                                                           SHI Ruiwen

     Notes:

     (1)   Ms. WANG Xi has been appointed as an executive Director of the Company with effect from January 18, 2023.

     (2)   Mr. SUNG Ka Woon has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from
           January 18, 2023.

     (3)   Ceased to serve as the director of the subsidiaries of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2023 and up to
           the date of this annual report.

     (4)   Appointed as the director of the subsidiaries of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2023 and up to the date
           of this annual report.




56   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT


BIOGRAPHIES AND CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENTS

Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are set out on pages 97
to 105 of this annual report.

Except as disclosed in the biographies, none of the Directors is connected with any Director, senior
management, substantial shareholder or controlling Shareholder of the Company.

On March 31, 2023, Mr. WAN Yushan, an executive Director, has been appointed as a member of the
Remuneration and Appraisal Committee; Ms. WANG Xi, an executive Director, has been appointed as a
member of the Nomination Committee; and Mr. SUNG Ka Woon, an independent non-executive Director,
has been appointed as a member of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, all with effect from March
31, 2023. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated March 31, 2023.

Save as disclosed in this annual report, since the date of the 2023 interim report of the Company and up
to the date of this annual report, there were no other changes in the information of Directors and chief
executive of the Company required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company, while each of the
independent non-executive Directors has signed a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of
three years.

The above appointments are always subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under
the Articles of Association. None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a
service contract with members of the Group that is not determinable by the Group within one year without
payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation
of his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all of the
independent non-executive Directors are independent in accordance with the guidelines set out in the
Listing Rules.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   57
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS

     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Continuing Connected Transactions” and the section headed
     “Connected Transaction” in this report and “Material Related Party Transactions” of Note 37 to the
     consolidated financial statements in this annual report, no transaction, arrangement or contracts of
     significance (as defined in Appendix D2 of the Listing Rules) related to the business of the Company to
     which the Company, its holding companies or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director,
     an entity connected with a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted as of
     December 31, 2023 or at any time during the year ended December 31, 2023.


     CONTRACT WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Continuing Connected Transactions” and the section headed
     “Connected Transaction” in this report and “Material Related Party Transactions” of Note 37 to the
     consolidated financial statements in this annual report, during the year ended December 31, 2023, neither
     contract of significance was entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and a controlling
     Shareholder or any of its subsidiaries, nor contract of significance was entered into for the provision of
     services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by a controlling Shareholder or any of its subsidiaries.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

     Save as disclosed in the Prospectus, during the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their respective
     associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) had any interest in a business which competes or is likely
     to compete with the Group’s business under Rules 8.10(2)(b) and 8.10(2)(c) of the Listing Rules.


     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

     Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Equity-linked Agreements – 2021 RSU Scheme” and “Directors’
     and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures”, at no
     time during the Reporting Period or until the end of 2023, were rights to acquire benefits by means of the
     acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Directors or their respective spouses
     or minor children, or were any such rights exercised by them; nor was the Company, any of its subsidiaries
     or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any
     other corporations.


     DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

     The controlling Shareholders of the Company have respectively acknowledged to the Company that they
     have honored the non-competition undertaking made to the Company under the deed of non-competition
     entered into on October 8, 2020 (the “Deed of Non-competition”). The independent non-executive Directors
     have reviewed such compliance and confirmed that the above-mentioned parties had kept and duly
     performed all the undertakings under the Deed of Non-competition during the Reporting Period.




58   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company, as required to be disclosed under section 543 of the Companies Ordinance, was
entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the year ended December 31, 2023 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group has entered
into the following transactions, which constituted continuing connected transactions under the Listing
Rules, and are required to be disclosed in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:


Partially-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions

As disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated December 23, 2021, December 20, 2022,
December 29, 2023 and January 17, 2024 (the “CCT Announcements”), the following transactions
constituted partially-exempt continuing connected transactions of the Company. For further details,
please refer to the CCT Announcements.

The Group has followed the pricing policies set forth in the CCT Announcements, as well as the guidelines
under the Listing Rules in determining the prices and terms of the continuing connected transactions
conducted during the Reporting Period.


Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement

On December 20, 2022 (after trading hours), in order to remain cooperation with Nanjing BioSciKin
Technology Development Co., Ltd (南京百家匯科技發展有限公司) (“Nanjing BioSciKin Technology”) and
renew the previous property lease and comprehensive services framework agreement entered into
between the Company and Nanjing BioSciKin Technology on October 8, 2020, which expired on December
31, 2022, the Company entered into a new property lease and comprehensive services framework
agreement with Nanjing BioSciKin Technology (the “BioSciKin Property Lease and Comprehensive
Services Framework Agreement”), for themselves and on behalf of their respective subsidiaries,
pursuant to which Nanjing BioSciKin Technology agreed to lease certain properties to the Group for office,
laboratory and staff dormitory use and provide related property management services, as well as provide
the Group with certain general supporting services which include, among others, utilities and network
support, conference supporting services, staff canteen services, accommodation services and other
logistics services.

The BioSciKin Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement is for a term of two
years commencing from January 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2024 (both days inclusive), and is
renewable for a term of up to three years upon mutual consent and subject to the requirements under the
Listing Rules and other applicable laws and regulations.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   59
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Nanjing BioSciKin Technology is a subsidiary of State Good Group Limited which is in turn wholly owned
     by Mr. Ren Jinsheng, a Director, the chief executive officer and a controlling Shareholder of the Company,
     through Simcere Investments Group Limited. Therefore, Nanjing BioSciKin Technology is an associate of
     Mr. Ren Jinsheng and a connected person of the Company.

     The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions under the BioSciKin Property Lease and
     Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2023 is RMB100 million,
     while the actual amount of the year ended December 31, 2023 was approximately RMB59.11 million.


     Xianbo Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement

     On December 23, 2021, the Company entered into a property lease and comprehensive services framework
     agreement (the “Xianbo Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement”) with
     Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (上海先博生物科技有限公司) (“Shanghai Xianbo”),
     for themselves and on behalf of their respective subsidiaries, pursuant to which the Group agreed to
     lease certain properties to Shanghai Xianbo for office and laboratory use and provide related property
     management services, as well as provide Shanghai Xianbo with certain general supporting services which
     include, among others, network support services, conference supporting services, property maintenance
     services and other logistics services. On December 20, 2022 (after trading hours), the Company and
     Shanghai Xianbo entered into a supplemental agreement to the Xianbo Property Lease and Comprehensive
     Services Framework Agreement to increase the original annual caps for the two financial years ending
     December 31, 2024.

     The Xianbo Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement is for a term of three
     years commencing from January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2024 (both days inclusive), and is
     renewable for a term of three years upon mutual consent and subject to the requirements under the Listing
     Rules and other applicable laws and regulations.

     Shanghai Xianbo is controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng, a Director, the chief executive officer and a controlling
     Shareholder of the Company. Therefore, Shanghai Xianbo is an associate of Mr. Ren Jinsheng and a
     connected person of the Company.

     The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions under the Xianbo Property Lease and
     Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2023 is RMB10.00
     million, while the actual transaction amount of the year ended December 31, 2023 was approximately
     RMB2.33 million.




60   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Diagnostics Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement

On December 23, 2021, the Company entered into a property lease and comprehensive services framework
agreement (the “Diagnostics Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement”)
with Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd. (江蘇先聲醫學診斷有限公司) (“Jiangsu Simcere
Diagnostics”), for themselves and on behalf of their respective subsidiaries, pursuant to which the Group
agreed to lease certain properties to Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics for office and laboratory use and
provide related property management services, as well as provide Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics with
certain general supporting services which include, among others, network support services, conference
supporting services, property maintenance services and other logistics services.

The Diagnostics Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement is for a term of three
years commencing from January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2024 (both days inclusive), and is
renewable for a term of three years upon mutual consent and subject to the requirements under the Listing
Rules and other applicable laws and regulations.

Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics is ultimately controlled by Mr. Ren Yong and his spouse, Ms. Li Shimeng,
both of whom are controlling Shareholders of the Company. Therefore, Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics is an
associate of Mr. Ren Yong and Ms. Li Shimeng and a connected person of the Company.

The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions under the Diagnostics Property Lease and
Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2023 is RMB7.41 million,
while the actual transaction amount of the year ended December 31, 2023 was nil.


R&D Project Service Framework Agreement

On December 23, 2021, the Company entered into a R&D project service framework agreement (the “R&D
Project Service Framework Agreement”) with Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics, for themselves and on behalf
of their respective subsidiaries, pursuant to which Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics agreed to provide R&D
project services to the Group, including but not limited to CRO (contract research organization) services,
WES (whole exome sequencing) services, CDx (companion diagnostic in vitro diagnostic reagents) service
and other R&D project services.

The R&D Project Service Framework Agreement is for a term of three years commencing from January 1,
2022 and ending on December 31, 2024 (both days inclusive), and is renewable for a term of three years
upon mutual consent and subject to the requirements under the Listing Rules and other applicable laws
and regulations.

Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics is ultimately controlled by Mr. Ren Yong and his spouse, Ms. Li Shimeng,
both of whom are controlling Shareholders of the Company. Therefore, Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics is
an associate of Mr. Ren Yong and Ms. Li Shimeng, and hence a connected person of the Company under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions under the R&D Project Service Framework
Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2023 is RMB16.50 million, while the actual transaction amount
of the year ended December 31, 2023 was approximately RMB1.46 million.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   61
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Order Collection Comprehensive Services Agreement

     On December 29, 2023 (after trading hours), Jiangsu Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (江蘇先聲藥業
     有限公司) (“Jiangsu Simcere”), an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an
     order collection comprehensive services agreement (the “Order Collection Comprehensive Services
     Agreement”) with Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics, pursuant to which Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics agreed to
     entrust Jiangsu Simcere to provide certain order collection comprehensive services for its testing products
     in the field of neurology and infection treatment.

     The Order Collection Comprehensive Services Agreement is for a term of three years commencing from
     January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2026.

     Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics is ultimately controlled by Mr. Ren Yong and his spouse, Ms. Li Shimeng,
     both of whom are controlling Shareholders of the Company. Therefore, Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics is an
     associate of Mr. Ren Yong and Ms. Li Shimeng and a connected person of the Company.

     The annual caps for the continuing connected transactions to be conducted under the Order Collection
     Comprehensive Services Agreement for the three years ending December 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026 are
     estimated to be RMB18 million, RMB25 million and RMB30 million, respectively.


     Exclusive Promotion Services Cooperation Agreement

     On December 29, 2023 (after trading hours), Jiangsu Simcere, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the
     Company, entered into an exclusive promotion services cooperation agreement (the “Exclusive Promotion
     Services Cooperation Agreement”) with Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd. (北京先聲
     祥瑞生物製品股份有限公司) (“Beijing Simcere Sanroad”), pursuant to which Jiangsu Simcere agreed to
     grant the exclusive promotion rights to Beijing Simcere Sanroad to promote the product of the Group (i.e.
     Fumarate Bedaquiline Tablets) within the prescribed promotion indications and the promotion region.

     The Exclusive Promotion Services Cooperation Agreement is effective from January 16, 2024 to December
     31, 2026.

     Beijing Simcere Sanroad is ultimately controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng, a Director, the chief executive
     officer and a controlling Shareholder of the Company. Therefore, Beijing Simcere Sanroad is an associate
     of Mr. Ren Jinsheng and a connected person of the Company.

     The annual caps for the continuing connected transactions to be conducted under the Exclusive Promotion
     Services Cooperation Agreement for the three years ending December 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026 are
     estimated to be RMB27 million, RMB52 million and RMB87 million, respectively.

     In respect of the continuing connected transactions, the Company confirms that it has followed the
     policies and guidelines as set out in the guidance letter HKEX-GL73-14 issued by the Stock Exchange when
     determining the price and terms of the transactions conducted during the year ended December 31, 2023.




62   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Save as disclosed above, none of the other related party transactions set out in the Note 37 of the financial
statements constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions that are required to
be disclosed under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Company confirms that it has complied with the
disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the year ended December 31, 2023.


Confirmation from Independent Non-executive Directors

The independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the continuing connected
transactions outlined above, and confirmed that such continuing connected transactions had been entered
into:

(i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(ii)    on normal commercial terms or better; and

(iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that were fair and reasonable
        and in the interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole.


Confirmations from the Company’s Independent Auditor

The Auditor has performed the relevant procedures regarding the Continuing Connected Transactions
in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to
Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules” issued by Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Auditor has provided an
unqualified letter to the Board containing findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected
transactions disclosed by the Group in the paragraph above in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing
Rules.

The Auditor has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with respect to the aforesaid continuing connected
transactions entered into in the year ended December 31, 2023:

(i)     nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed
        continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;

(ii)    for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to
        the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
        transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;

(iii) nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed
        continuing connected transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with
        the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

(iv)    with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the disclosed continuing connected transactions,
        nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed
        continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual caps as set by the Company.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   63
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     During the year ended December 31, 2023 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group has entered
     into the following transactions, which constituted connected transactions under the Listing Rules, and are
     required to be disclosed in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:


     Grant of RSUs to Connected Grantees

     To (i) recognize and reward nine grantees who are connected persons of the Company (the “Connected
     Grantees”) for their contributions to the Group; (ii) encourage, motivate and retain the Connected
     Grantees, whose contributions are beneficial to the continual operation, development and longterm growth
     of the Group; and (iii) provide additional incentive for the Connected Grantees to achieve performance
     goals, with a view to achieving the objectives of increasing the value of the Group and aligning the interests
     of the Connected Grantees to the Shareholders through ownership of Shares, on November 9, 2022, the
     Board resolved to grant an aggregate of 3,550,000 RSUs to the Connected Grantees of the Company under
     the 2021 RSU Scheme. On January 18, 2023, the grant of RSUs to the Connected Grantees was approved
     by the independent Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting. For details of the RSUs granted
     to each of the Connected Grantees, please refer to the section headed “Equity-Linked Agreements – 2021
     RSU Scheme – Details of the RSUs granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme” in this report.

     The Connected Grantees, being two executive Directors, certain directors and chief executives of
     subsidiaries of the Company, are connected persons of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Listing
     Rules. Therefore, the grant of RSUs to the Connected Grantees under the 2021 RSU Scheme constituted
     connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and shall be subject to the
     reporting, announcement, circular and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter
     14A of the Listing Rules. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated November
     9, 2022 and January 18, 2023, the circular of the Company dated December 28, 2022 and Note 34 to the
     consolidated financial statements.


     Acquisition of Entire Equity Interest in Nanjing BioSciKin

     To make deployments and plannings in advance for the Group’s additional production facilities and
     warehouses in order to catch up with the pace of its future commercial launch and manufacturing of new
     products, on January 1, 2024, Simcere Biological, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
     entered into an equity transfer agreement with Jiangsu Diagnostics Technology, pursuant to which
     Simcere Biological has agreed to acquire, and Jiangsu Diagnostics Technology has agreed to sell, the
     entire equity interest in Nanjing BioSciKin for a cash consideration of RMB42,306,500. The Acquisition was
     completed on January 31, 2024. Since then, Nanjing BioSciKin has become an indirectly wholly-owned
     subsidiary of the Company and the financial results of Nanjing BioSciKin has been consolidated into the
     financial statements of the Group.

     Jiangsu Diagnostics Technology is ultimately controlled by Mr. Ren Yong and his spouse, Ms. Li Shimeng,
     both of whom are controlling Shareholders of the Company. Therefore, Jiangsu Diagnostics Technology is
     an associate of Mr. Ren Yong and Ms. Li Shimeng and a connected person of the Company. Accordingly,
     the Acquisition constitutes a connected transaction of the Company. For details, please refer to the
     announcement of the Company dated January 1, 2024.



64   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Capital Contributions in Simcere Zaiming

Under the Scheme of Simcere Zaiming as disclosed under the paragraph headed “Important Events After
the Reporting Period” of this report, the Board has resolved on March 20, 2024 to grant the incentive
interest, representing 5% of the enlarged issued share capital of Simcere Zaiming immediately upon
completion of the capital contributions, to the selected participants, among which, among others, (i) Mr.
Tang Renhong (唐任宏) will subscribe for and directly hold approximately 2.38% of the enlarged issued
share capital; and (ii) the ESOP Platform will in aggregate subscribe for and hold approximately 2.06% of
the enlarged issued share capital for and on behalf of selected participants (including Mr. Tang Renhong).

Mr. Tang Renhong is an executive Director, and therefore a connected person of the Company. As the
general partner of the ESOP Platform will be Mr. Tang Renhong, who will have control over the operations
and affairs of the ESOP Platform, the ESOP Platform will be an associate of Mr. Tang Renhong and
therefore a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, each of the capital contributions by Mr. Tang
Renhong himself and the ESOP Platform constitutes a connected transaction of the Company. For details,
please refer to the announcement of the Company dated March 20, 2024.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As of December 31, 2023, the interest or short position of the Directors or chief executives of the Company
in the Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were (i) required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interest or short positions which
they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (ii) required, pursuant to section
352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or (iii) required, pursuant to the Model
Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange, were as follows:

                                                                               Number of        Approximate
                                                                                   Shares/     percentage of
 Name of Director/                                                             underlying       shareholding
 Chief executive              Nature of interest                         shares interested         interest(1)
 Mr. Ren Jinsheng   (2)
                              Interest in controlled corporations/           1,802,595,668            68.51%
                                 Interest of concert parties/
                                 Interest of spouse
 Mr. Tang Renhong(3)          Beneficial owner                                   1,550,000
                              Beneficiary of a trust                             2,100,000
                                 (other than a discretionary interest)

                              Sub-total:                                         3,650,000             0.14%

 Mr. Wan Yushan(4)            Beneficial owner                                   1,228,333
                              Beneficiary of a trust                             1,241,667
                                (other than a discretionary interest)

                              Sub-total:                                         2,470,000             0.09%

 Ms. Wang Xi(5)               Beneficial owner                                    164,000
                              Beneficiary of a trust                              164,000
                                 (other than a discretionary interest)
                              Interest of spouse                             1,802,267,668

                              Sub-total:                                     1,802,595,668            68.51%


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   65
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Notes:

     (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 2,630,975,618 issued Shares of the Company as of December 31, 2023.

     (2)   Mr. Ren Jinsheng, together with Simcere Investments Group Limited (“SIG”), P&H Holdings Group Ltd. (“P&H Holdings”),
           Right Wealth Holdings Limited (“Right Wealth”), Mr. Ren Yong, Ms. Li Shimeng, Mr. Ren Weidong, Ms. Ren Zhen
           and Ms. Peng Suqin (collectively, the “Ultimate Controlling Shareholders”), collectively hold 1,802,267,668 Shares,
           including (i) 606,810,031 Shares and 950,431,689 Shares directly held by Artking Global Limited (“Artking”) and Simcere
           Pharmaceutical Holding Limited (“SPHL”), respectively, both of which are companies controlled by the Ultimate
           Controlling Shareholders; (ii) 116,259,578 Shares and 128,327,370 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and Fortune
           Fountain Investment Limited (“FFI”), respectively, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng; and (iii)
           439,000 Shares directly held by Ms. Peng Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders. As the Ultimate
           Controlling Shareholders are deemed to be persons acting in concert under the Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and
           Share Buy-back (the “Takeovers Code”), each of them is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each other by
           virtue of the SFO. Mr. Ren Jinsheng is also deemed to be interested in (i) 164,000 Shares held by his spouse, Ms. Wang
           Xi; and (ii) 164,000 Shares underlying the RSUs granted to Ms. Wang Xi.

     (3)   Mr. Tang Renhong (i) directly holds 1,550,000 Shares; and (ii) is interested in 2,100,000 RSUs granted to him under the
           2021 RSU Scheme which entitled him to receive an aggregate of 2,100,000 Shares subject to vesting.

     (4)   Mr. Wan Yushan (i) directly holds 1,228,333 Shares; and (ii) is interested in 1,241,667 RSUs granted to him under the 2021
           RSU Scheme which entitled him to receive an aggregate of 1,241,667 Shares subject to vesting.

     (5)   Ms. Wang Xi (i) directly holds 164,000 Shares; (ii) is interested in 164,000 RSUs granted to her under the 2021 RSU
           Scheme which entitled her to receive an aggregated of 164,000 Shares subject to vesting; and (iii) is deemed to be
           interested in an aggregate of 1,802,267,668 Shares directly and indirectly held by her spouse, Mr. Ren Jinsheng, together
           with other Ultimate Controlling Shareholders who are deemed to be persons acting in concert under the Takeovers
           Code.

     Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2023, so far as is known to the Directors, none of the Directors
     or the chief executives of the Company had or were deemed to have any interest or short position in
     the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 7 and
     8 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section
     352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




66   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES

As of December 31, 2023, interests or short positions of persons (other than the Directors and chief
executives of the Company) in the Shares or underlying Shares (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
which were required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                               Number of       Approximate
                                                                               Shares or      percentage of
                                                                        underlying Shares     shareholding
 Name of Shareholder             Nature of interest                            interested         interest(1)
 Mr. Ren Yong(2)(3)              Interest in controlled corporations/       1,802,267,668            68.50%
                                    Interest of concert parties/
                                    Founder of a discretionary trust
 Ms. Li Shimeng(2)(3)            Interest in controlled corporations/       1,802,267,668            68.50%
                                    Interest of concert parties/
                                    Interest of spouse
 P&H Holdings(2)(3)              Interest in controlled corporations/       1,802,267,668            68.50%
                                    Interest of concert parties
 Mr. Ren Weidong(2)(4)           Interest in controlled corporations/       1,802,267,668            68.50%
                                    Interest of concert parties
 Right Wealth(2)(4)              Interest in controlled corporations/       1,802,267,668            68.50%
                                    Interest of concert parties
 Ms. Ren Zhen    (2)(5)
                                 Interest in controlled corporations/       1,802,267,668            68.50%
                                    Interest of concert parties
 Ms. Peng Suqin(2)(6)            Interest in controlled corporations/       1,801,828,668
                                    Interest of concert parties
                                 Beneficial interest                              439,000

                                 Sub-total:                                 1,802,267,668            68.50%

 Artking(2)(7)                   Beneficial owner                             606,810,031
                                 Interest in controlled corporations          950,431,689
                                 Interest of concert parties                  245,025,948

                                 Sub-total:                                 1,802,267,668            68.50%

 Simcere Holding Limited         Interest in controlled corporations          950,431,689
   (“Simcere Holding”)(2)(8)
                                 Interest of concert parties                  851,835,979

                                 Sub-total:                                 1,802,267,668            68.50%




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   67
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


                                                                                                  Number of        Approximate
                                                                                                   Shares or      percentage of
                                                                                          underlying Shares        shareholding
      Name of Shareholder                    Nature of interest                                    interested          interest(1)
      Excel Investments Group Limited Interest in controlled corporations                        950,431,689
           (“Excel Investments”)   (2)(9)


                                             Interest of concert parties                         851,835,979

                                             Sub-total:                                        1,802,267,668              68.50%

      SPHL(2)(10)                            Beneficial owner                                    950,431,689
                                             Interest of concert parties                         851,835,979

                                             Sub-total:                                        1,802,267,668              68.50%

      SIG(2)(11)                             Beneficial owner                                    116,259,578
                                             Interest in controlled corporation                  128,327,370
                                             Interest of concert parties                       1,557,680,720

                                             Sub-total:                                        1,802,267,668              68.50%

      FFI(2)(12)                             Beneficial owner                                    120,961,370
                                             Interest of concert parties                       1,681,306,298

                                             Sub-total:                                        1,802,267,668              68.50%


     Notes:

     (1)    The calculation is based on the total number of 2,630,975,618 issued Shares of the Company as of December 31, 2023.

     (2)    The Ultimate Controlling Shareholders collectively hold 1,802,267,668 Shares, including (i) 606,810,031 Shares and
            950,431,689 Shares directly held by Artking and SPHL, respectively, both of which are companies controlled by the
            Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; (ii) 116,259,578 Shares and 128,327,370 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and
            FFI, respectively, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng; and (iii) 439,000 Shares directly held
            by Ms. Peng Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders. As the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders are
            deemed to be persons acting in concert under the Takeovers Code, each of them is deemed to be interested in the Shares
            held by each other by virtue of the SFO.

     (3)    Mr. Ren Yong, son of Mr. Ren Jinsheng and spouse of Ms. Li Shimeng, is the settlor of the P&H Family Trust, which
            holds the entire equity interest in P&H Holdings through P&H Family Trust. Mr. Ren Yong, Ms. Li Shimeng and P&H
            Holdings are the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and are deemed to be interested in the Shares collectively held by
            the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

     (4)    Mr. REN Weidong is the brother of Mr. REN Jinsheng and holds the entire equity interest in Right Wealth. Mr. REN
            Weidong and Right Wealth are the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and are deemed to be interested in the Shares
            collectively held by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.




68   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(5)    Ms. Ren Zhen is the sister of Mr. Ren Jinsheng. She is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and is deemed to be
       interested in the Shares collectively held by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

(6)    Ms. Peng Suqin is the mother of Mr. Ren Yong and is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders. Ms. Peng Suqin (i)
       directly holds 439,000 Shares; and (ii) is deemed to be interested in the 1,801,828,668 Shares collectively held by the
       Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

(7)    Artking directly holds 606,810,031 Shares and is deemed to be interested in 1,195,457,637 Shares, including (i)
       950,431,689 Shares directly held by SPHL, a controlled corporation of Artking; (ii) an aggregate of 244,586,948 Shares
       directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng and are deemed to
       be acting in concert with Artking under the Takeovers Code; and (iii) 439,000 Shares directly held by Ms. Peng Suqin, who
       is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and is deemed to be acting in concert with Artking under the Takeovers
       Code.

(8)    Simcere Holding is deemed to be interested in 1,802,267,668 Shares, including (i) 950,431,689 Shares directly held by
       SPHL, a controlled corporation of Simcere Holding; (ii) an aggregate of 851,835,979 Shares, which comprised of (a)
       606,810,031 Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; (b) an
       aggregate of 244,586,948 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled
       by Mr. Ren Jinsheng; and (c) 439,000 Shares directly held by Ms. Peng Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate Controlling
       Shareholders. Artking, SIG, FFI and Ms. Peng Suqin are deemed to be acting in concert with Simcere Holding under the
       Takeovers Code. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director of Simcere Holding.

(9)    Excel Investments is deemed to be interested in 1,802,267,668 Shares, including (i) 950,431,689 Shares directly held
       by SPHL, a controlled corporation of Excel Investments; and (ii) an aggregate of 851,835,979 Shares, which comprises
       of (a) 606,810,031 Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders;
       (b) 244,586,948 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. Ren
       Jinsheng; and (c) 439,000 Shares directly held by Ms. Peng Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.
       Artking, SIG, FFI and Ms. Peng Suqin are deemed to be acting in concert with Excel Investments under the Takeovers
       Code. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director of Excel Investments.

(10)   SPHL directly holds 950,431,689 Shares and is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 851,835,979 Shares, including
       (i) 606,810,031 Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; (ii) an
       aggregate of 244,586,948 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled
       by Mr. Ren Jinsheng; and (iii) 439,000 Shares directly held by Ms. Peng Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate Controlling
       Shareholders. Artking, SIG, FFI and Ms. Peng Suqin are deemed to be acting in concert with SPHL under the Takeovers
       Code. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director of SPHL.

(11)   SIG directly held 116,259,578 Shares and is deemed to be interested in 1,686,008,090 Shares, including (i) 120,961,370
       Shares and 7,366,000 Shares directly held by FFI and Nanjing BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd. (南京百家匯科
       技發展有限公司), both of which are controlled corporations of SIG and ultimately controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng; (ii) an
       aggregate of 1,557,241,720 Shares directly held by SPHL and Artking, both of which are deemed to be acting in concert
       with SIG under the Takeovers Code; and (iii) 439,000 Shares directly held by Ms. Peng Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate
       Controlling Shareholders and is deemed to be acting in concert with SIG under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN Jinsheng is
       the director of SIG.

(12)   FFI directly held 120,961,370 Shares and is deemed to be interested in 1,681,306,298 Shares, including (i) 1,680,867,298
       Shares directly or indirectly held by SPHL, Artking and SIG, all of which are deemed to be acting in concert with FFI
       under the Takeovers Code; and (ii) 439,000 Shares directly held by Ms. Peng Suqin, who is one of the Ultimate Controlling
       Shareholders and is deemed to be acting in concert with FFI under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director
       of FFI.

Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2023, there was no other person (other than the Directors or
chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares
of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under
Section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.



                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023      69
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     SUFFICIENT PUBLIC FLOAT

     In accordance with Rule 8.08(1)(d) of the Listing Rules, the Stock Exchange has granted the Company
     a waiver and accepted a lower public float of 15.45% of the Company’s issued share capital. During the
     Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, according to the public information obtainable by
     the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained the minimum public float
     to the extent permitted by the Stock Exchange.


     ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

     The AGM will be held on Friday, June 14, 2024. A notice convening the AGM will be published and
     dispatched to the Shareholders in the manner required by the Listing Rules in due course.


     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

     For the purpose of ascertaining the Shareholders’ eligibility to attend and vote at the AGM, the register
     of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, June 11, 2024 to Friday, June 14, 2024 (both
     days inclusive), during which no transfer of Shares will be registered. The record date will be Friday,
     June 14, 2024. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all transfer documents accompanied
     by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong,
     Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,
     183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, June 7,
     2024.

     In order to determine the entitlement of Shareholders to the proposed final dividend, the register of
     members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, June 20, 2024 to Tuesday, June 25, 2024 (both days
     inclusive), during which no transfer of Shares will be registered. The record date will be Tuesday, June
     25, 2024. All transfer documents together with the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the
     Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops
     1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not
     later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, June 19, 2024.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

     Details of the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the section
     of “Corporate Governance Report” of this annual report.




70   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT


REVIEW BY AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee has reviewed the financial reporting processes, risk management and internal
control systems of the Group and the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended
December 31, 2023, and is of the opinion that these statements have complied with the applicable
accounting standards, the Listing Rules and legal requirements, and that adequate disclosure has been
made.


AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 have been audited by KPMG,
which will retire at the conclusion of the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-
appointment. A resolution on the re-appointment of KPMG as the auditor of the Company will be proposed
at the forthcoming AGM.




                                                                          For and on behalf of the Board

                                                                                       Mr. REN Jinsheng

                                                 (Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)

                                                                                           March 20, 2024




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   71
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Company for the year ended
     December 31, 2023 (the “Year”).

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

     The Group is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principles
     of the Group’s corporate governance are to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high
     standard of ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business operation, so as to
     ensure that its business and operation are conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations,
     enhance the transparency of the Board and strengthen the accountability to all shareholders. The
     Group’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions prescribed in the
     Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing
     of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).

     Save as disclosed in this report, the Group has complied with the code provisions contained in the CG Code
     during the Year.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

     The Board is collectively responsible for performing the corporate governance functions set out in Code
     Provision A.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code, including at least the followings:

     •    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

     •    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and
          senior management;

     •    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
          requirements;

     •    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
          employees and the directors; and

     •    to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the annual report.

     For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Board has reviewed and monitored the above-mentioned
     corporate governance functions.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

     The Group has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
     “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the Company’s code of conduct regarding
     the Directors’ securities transactions. Having made specific enquiry of all the Directors of the Company, all
     the Directors confirmed that they have strictly complied with the Model Code for the Year.




72   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


THE BOARD

Responsibilities of the Board

The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Group’s businesses,
strategic decisions and performance, and is collectively responsible for promoting the success of the
Company by directing and supervising its affairs.

The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to the management
by laying down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and
financial performance, and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.
The Board has delegated to the Board committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of
reference.

Delegation of Management Functions

The major powers and functions of the Board include but not limited to convening the general meetings,
reporting its work at the general meetings, implementing the resolutions passed at the general meetings,
considering and approving the operating plans and investment plans of the Company, formulating the
Company’s strategic development plans, formulating profit distribution plans and plans on making up
losses, as well as exercising other powers and functions as conferred by the Articles of Association of the
Company (the “Articles of Association”). The Directors are responsible for preparing the accounts.

All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and advices from the joint
company secretaries (the “Joint Company Secretaries”) and senior management of the Company and may,
where appropriate, request to seek independent professional advice for discharging their duties to the
Company.

The Board is responsible for making decisions on strategic plans, major investment decisions and other
significant operational issues of the Company, while responsibilities for implementing decisions of the
Board, day-to-day management, administration and operation of the Company are delegated to the senior
management. The delegated functions and tasks are subject to regular review. Prior approvals shall be
obtained from the Board for any major transaction.


Composition of the Board

As of the date of this report, the Board comprised eight Directors, including four executive Directors and
four independent non-executive Directors. The list of members of the Board and their positions are set out
below:


Executive Directors

Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. TANG Renhong
Mr. WAN Yushan (Chief Financial Officer and Joint Company Secretary)
Ms. WANG Xi (appointed on January 18, 2023)




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   73
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Independent Non-executive Directors:

     Mr. SONG Ruilin
     Mr. WANG Jianguo
     Mr. WANG Xinhua
     Mr. SUNG Ka Woon (appointed on January 18, 2023)

     Biographies of each Director are set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
     Management” in this annual report.

     All Directors, including non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
     experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. All
     Directors have carried out duties in good faith and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and
     have acted in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders at all times.

     Mr. REN Jinsheng, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Ms. WANG Xi, an executive Director, are
     husband and wife. Apart from that, there is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other
     material/relevant relationship(s)) between the Board members of the Company.


     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     Under Code Provision C.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer
     should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.

     As of December 31, 2023, the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company were not
     separated and Mr. REN Jinsheng currently performs these two roles. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the founder
     of the Group, the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He has been
     primarily responsible for developing overall corporate business strategies and business operation of
     the Group and making significant business and operational decisions of the Group. The Directors jointly
     consider that vesting the roles of both the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the
     Company in Mr. REN is beneficial to the business prospects of the Group by ensuring consistent leadership
     to the Group as well as prompt and effective decision making and implementation. In addition, the
     Directors jointly believe that this structure will not impair the balance of power and authority between the
     Board and the management of the Company, given that: (i) any decision to be made by the Board requires
     approval by at least a majority of Directors; (ii) Mr. REN and other Directors are aware of and undertake
     to fulfill their fiduciary duties as Directors, which require, among other things, that he acts for the benefit
     and in the best interests of the Company and will make decisions for the Company accordingly; (iii) As of
     the date of this report, the balance of power and authority is ensured by the operations of the Board, which
     consists of four executive Directors (including Mr. REN) and four independent non-executive Directors, and
     has a fairly strong independence element; and (iv) the overall strategic and other key business, financial,
     and operational policies of the Company are made collectively after thorough discussion at both Board and
     senior management levels.




74   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Independent Non-executive Directors

The Board has been complying with the Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules relating to the
appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors, with at least one of them possessing
appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise. In
addition, according to Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules, independent non-executive Directors must represent
at least one-third of the Board. During the Year, the Company had four independent non-executive
Directors, representing four-eighths of the Board as of December 31, 2023 (during the period from
January 1, 2023 to January 18, 2023: three-sixths); therefore, the Company has complied with the relevant
requirements.

According to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, the independent non-executive Directors have made
confirmations to the Company regarding their independence during the Year. Based on the confirmations
of the independent non- executive Directors, the Company considers each of them to be independent
during the Year.


Appointment and Re-election

Code Provision B.2.2 of the CG Code stipulates that every director, including those appointed for a specific
term, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the
Articles of Association.

Each of the executive Directors, namely Mr. REN Jinsheng, Mr. TANG Renhong and Mr. WAN Yushan, has
entered into a service contract with the Company on October 8, 2020, and renewed on June 15, 2023. Ms.
WANG Xi, an executive Director, has entered into a service contract with the Company on January 18, 2023.
Each service contract is for a term of three years or until the third annual general meeting convened after
the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. The service contract is subject to renewal pursuant to the
Articles of Association and applicable laws, rules and regulations.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. SONG Ruilin, Mr. WANG Xinhua and Mr.
WANG Jianguo, has entered into an appointment letter with the Company on October 8, 2020, and renewed
on June 15, 2023. Mr. SUNG Ka Woon, an independent non-executive Director, has entered into an
appointment letter with the Company on January 18, 2023. Each appointment letter is for a term of three
years or until the third annual general meeting convened after the date of appointment, whichever is
earlier. The appointment letter is subject to renewal pursuant to the Articles of Association and applicable
laws, rules and regulations.

Pursuant to Article 110 of the Articles of Association, without prejudice to the power of the Company in
general meeting in accordance with any of the provisions of the Articles of Association to appoint any
person to be a Director, the Board shall have power, exercisable at any time and from time to time, to
appoint any other person as a Director, either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board,
provided that the number of Directors so appointed shall not exceed the maximum number (if any)
determined pursuant to the Articles of Association. Any Directors so appointed shall hold office only until
the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election, but
shall not be taken into account in determining the Directors or the number of Directors who are to retire
by rotation at each annual general meeting.

                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   75
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Pursuant to Article 111(a) of the Articles of Association, subject to the provisions of the Articles of
     Association, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their
     number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but greater than one-third, shall
     retire from office by rotation. Subject to the provisions of the Ordinance, the Listing Rules and the Articles
     of Association, the Directors to retire in every year shall be those who have been longest in office since
     their last election, and as between persons who became Directors on the same day, the Directors to
     retire shall (unless otherwise agreed by themselves) be determined by lot. Every Director, including those
     appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement at least once every three years.

     Pursuant to Article 111(a) of the Articles of Association, Mr. REN Jinsheng, Mr. WANG Jianguo and Mr.
     SONG Ruilin will retire at the annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election
     at the annual general meeting.


     BOARD MEETINGS AND GENERAL MEETINGS

     For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company held a total of five Board meetings. At the Board
     meetings, the Board discussed a wide range of matters, including the Group’s overall strategies, business
     prospects, financial and operating performance, approval of the Group’s annual and interim results
     announcements and reports, regulatory compliance, corporate governance and other material matters.

     For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company convened one annual general meeting. The
     attendance of the above meeting by each Director is as follows:

                                            No. of Board                        No. of annual
                                               meetings                               general
                                                attended                             meetings         Attendance
                                              in person/        Attendance         attended in    rate of annual
                                               by proxy/      rate of Board           person/            general
      Name of the Director                     convened           meetings          convened           meetings
      Executive Directors:
      Mr. REN Jinsheng                              5/0/5             100%                 1/1              100%
      Mr. TANG Renhong                              5/0/5             100%                 1/1              100%
      Mr. WAN Yushan                                5/0/5             100%                 1/1              100%
      Ms. WANG Xi                                   5/0/5             100%                 1/1              100%


      Independent non-executive
        Directors:
      Mr. SONG Ruilin                               5/0/5             100%                 1/1              100%
      Mr. WANG Jianguo                              5/0/5             100%                 1/1              100%
      Mr. WANG Xinhua                               5/0/5             100%                 1/1              100%
      Mr. SUNG Ka Woon                              5/0/5             100%                 1/1              100%

     The Company fully complies with the Code Provision C.5.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code and adopts the practice
     of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at approximately quarterly intervals.
     Notices of not less than fourteen days are given for all regular Board meetings to provide all Directors with
     an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a regular meeting.


76   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


For other Board and Board Committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. The agenda and
accompanying board papers are dispatched to the Directors or Board Committee members at least three
days before the meetings to ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and are adequately
prepared for the meetings. When Directors or Board Committee members are unable to attend a meeting,
they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known to
the chairman prior to the meeting. Minutes of meetings are kept by the Joint Company Secretaries with
copies circulated to all Directors for information and records.

Minutes of the Board meetings and Board Committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail about
the matters considered by the Board and Board Committees and the decisions reached, including any
concerns raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of each Board meeting and Board Committee meeting
are sent to the Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is
convened. Minutes of the Board meetings are open for inspection by Directors. All Directors shall obtain
information related to the Board resolutions in a comprehensive and timely manner, and may seek
independent professional advice at the Company’s expense after making reasonable request to the Board.


TRAINING AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS

Each newly appointed director shall be provided with necessary induction and information to ensure
that he/she has a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as his/her
responsibilities under relevant statues, laws, rules and regulations. In particular, Ms. Wang Xi and Mr.
SUNG Ka Woon, who were appointed as Directors of the Company with effect from January 18, 2023, has
obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on January 17, 2023. Each of Ms.
Wang Xi and Mr. SUNG Ka Woon has confirmed that he/she understood the obligations as a Director.

The Company also arranges regular seminars to provide Directors with updates on latest development and
changes in the Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The
Directors are also provided with regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects
to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties. The Company encourages
Directors to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills.

During the Year, all directors have received directors’ training in writing or by attending lectures.
Directors’ training is mainly about updates on regulatory compliance of listed companies in Hong Kong,
continuing obligations of listed companies, disclosures of directors’ securities dealings, improvement of
ESG performance of listed companies, regulation practices on disclosing information of listed companies
and creation of corporate integrity culture, etc.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   77
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                                                                   Attending or participating
                                                                                       in relevant seminars/
      Name of the Director                                                        reading relevant materials
      Executive Directors:
      Mr. REN Jinsheng                                                                                      ✓
      Mr. TANG Renhong                                                                                      ✓
      Mr. WAN Yushan                                                                                        ✓
      Ms. WANG Xi                                                                                           ✓


      Independent non-executive Directors:
      Mr. SONG Ruilin                                                                                       ✓
      Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                      ✓
      Mr. WANG Xinhua                                                                                       ✓
      Mr. SUNG Ka Woon                                                                                      ✓


     COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Audit Committee

     The Group established an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) with written terms of reference in
     compliance with the CG Code. The main duties of the Audit Committee are to review and supervise the
     financial reporting process and internal control system of our Group, oversee the audit process, review
     and oversee the existing and potential risks of the Group and perform other duties and responsibilities as
     assigned by the Board.

     The Audit Committee consists of three members, all of which are independent non-executive Directors,
     namely Mr. WANG Xinhua, Mr. SONG Ruilin and Mr. WANG Jianguo. The chairperson of the Audit
     Committee is Mr. WANG Xinhua. Mr. WANG Xinhua possesses the appropriate professional qualifications
     and accounting and related financial management expertise.




78   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


In accordance with the written terms of reference of the Audit Committee, it should convene at least two
meetings in each fiscal year.

During the Year, the Company held three meetings of the Audit Committee, the major works include: (i)
review and discuss the report to the Audit Committee prepared by the auditors, KPMG, and the matters
the Audit Committee should pay attention to as recommended by the auditors; (ii) review and discuss the
Report of the Risk Management and Internal Control Systems and to review the risk management and
internal control systems of the Group; (iii) review and discuss the draft audited consolidated financial
statements; the draft annual results announcement and the draft annual report of the Group for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and, if appropriate, make recommendations to the Board; (iv) review and
discuss the draft of letter of representation prepared by the auditors, KPMG and make recommendations
to the Board; (v) consider and make recommendations to the Board on the reappointment of KPMG as
the Company’s independent external auditors for a term until the conclusion of the next annual general
meeting of the Company; (vi) review and discuss the draft unaudited interim consolidated financial
statements, the draft interim results announcement and the draft interim report of the Group for the six
months ended June 30, 2023, and make suggestions to the Board of Directors, if appropriate; and (vii)
review the continuing connected transactions conducted up to the date of this report.

The Audit Committee held two meetings with the external auditor without the attendance of executive
Directors, to discuss the Group’s annual financial results for 2022, interim financial results for 2023 and
the annual audit plan.

The attendance record of members of the Audit Committee is listed in the table below:

                                                                                         No. of meetings
                                                                                     attended in person/
                                                                                        in proxy by other
 Name of the members of the committee                                                Directors/convened
 Mr. WANG Xinhua                                                                                     3/0/3
 Mr. SONG Ruilin                                                                                     3/0/3
 Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                    3/0/3

The Audit Committee held a meeting on March 20, 2024 to review the annual financial results for 2023
and re-appoint the external auditor. The audited annual results of the Group for the year ended December
31, 2023 have been reviewed by the Audit Committee, which is of the opinion that the preparation of the
relevant financial statements complies with the applicable accounting standards and requirements and
that adequate disclosures have been made. Members of the Audit Committee have reviewed the accounting
principles and practices adopted by the Group and discussed auditing, internal control, risk management
and financial reporting matters including the review of the annual results and the consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   79
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Remuneration and Appraisal Committee

     In accordance with the CG Code, the Company has established a Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
     (the “Remuneration and Appraisal Committee”) with written terms of reference. The primary duties of
     the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are to establish, review and make recommendations to our
     Directors on our policy and structure concerning remuneration of our Directors and senior management
     and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies concerning such
     remuneration, assess the performance of executive directors, determine and approve the terms of the
     specific services contract remuneration package of each executive Director and senior management and
     review and approve remuneration by reference to corporate goals and objectives resolved by our Directors
     from time-to-time; and review and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the
     Listing Rules.

     As of December 31, 2023, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee consists of five members, including
     three independent non-executive Directors and two executive Directors, namely Mr. WANG Jianguo,
     Mr. WANG Xinhua, Mr. SUNG Ka Woon, Mr. REN Jinsheng and Mr. WAN Yushan. The chairperson of the
     Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is Mr. WANG Jianguo. Mr. WAN Yushan and Mr. SUNG Ka Woon
     have been appointed as members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee with effect from March
     31, 2023.

     During the Year, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held one meeting to consider and make
     recommendations to the Board on the remuneration policies and structure of the Company, remuneration
     and other benefits of the Directors and senior management, to consider the grant of RSUs and to review
     the proposed amendments to the 2021 RSU Scheme and other related matters.

     The attendance record of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is listed in the table
     below:

                                                                                            No. of meetings
                                                                                        attended in person/
                                                                                          in proxy by other
      Name of the members of the committee                                              Directors/convened
      Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                1/0/1
      Mr. WANG Xinhua                                                                                 1/0/1
      Mr. SUNG Ka Woon                                                                                1/0/1
      Mr. REN Jinsheng                                                                                1/0/1
      Mr. WAN Yushan                                                                                  1/0/1




80   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Pursuant to the Code Provision E.1.5 of Part 2 of the CG Code, the following table sets out the total
remuneration (excluding equity-settled share expenses) of Directors and senior management members for
the year ended December 31, 2023 by remuneration band:

                                                                              Number of
                                                                               members                 Total
                                                              Number of         of senior        number of
 Group    Remuneration (RMB)                                   Directors   management           individuals
 1        0-1,000,000                                                  4                2                  6
 2        1,500,001-2,000,000                                          1                0                  1
 3        2,000,001-2,500,000                                          0                2                  2
 4        2,500,001-3,000,000                                          0                1                  1
 5        5,000,001-5,500,000                                          0                1                  1
 6        6,500,001-7,000,000                                          1                0                  1
 7        7,000,001-7,500,000                                          1                0                  1
 8        9,000,001-9,500,000                                          1                0                  1

Further details of the Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid employees required to be disclosed
under Appendix D2 of the Listing Rules are set out in Notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements.


Nomination Committee

In accordance with the CG Code, the Company has established a Nomination Committee (the “Nomination
Committee”) with written terms of reference. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to
review the structure, size and composition of our Board and senior management on a regular basis and
make recommendations to our Board regarding any proposed changes to the composition of our Board and
senior management, identify, select or make recommendations to our Board on the selection of individuals
nominated for directorship and senior management members, ensure the diversity of our Board and
senior management members, assess the independence of our independent non-executive Directors and
make recommendations to our Board on relevant matters relating to the appointment, reappointment and
removal of our Directors and senior management members and succession planning for our Directors and
senior management members.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   81
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     As of December 31, 2023, the Nomination Committee consists of five members, including three
     independent non-executive Directors and two executive Directors, namely Mr. SONG Ruilin, Mr. WANG
     Jianguo, Mr. SUNG Ka Woon, Mr. REN Jinsheng and Ms. WANG Xi. The chairperson of the Nomination
     Committee is Mr. SONG Ruilin. Ms. WANG Xi and Mr. SUNG Ka Woon have been appointed as members of
     the Nomination Committee with effect from March 31, 2023.

     During the Year, the Nomination Committee held three meetings to review the structure, size and
     composition of the Board, review the Board diversity policy and its progress, assess the independence of
     the independent non-executive Directors and make recommendations to the Board on re-election of the
     retiring directors. The Nomination Committee will consider the diversity of Board members from a variety
     of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional
     qualifications, skills, knowledge, length of service and industry and regional experience. All Board
     appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against criteria including
     talents, skills and experience as may be necessary for the operation of the Board as a whole, with a view to
     maintaining a sound balance of the Board’s composition.

     The attendance record of members of the Nomination Committee is listed in the table below:

                                                                                               No. of meetings
                                                                                           attended in person/
                                                                                              in proxy by other
      Name of the members of the committee                                                 Directors/convened
      Mr. SONG Ruilin                                                                                     3/0/3
      Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                    3/0/3
      Mr. SUNG Ka Woon                                                                                    3/0/3
      Mr. REN Jinsheng                                                                                    3/0/3
      Ms. WANG Xi                                                                                         3/0/3


     Strategy Committee

     The Company has established a Strategy Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the
     requirements under the Listing Rules.

     The Strategy Committee consists of three members, including two non-executive Directors and one
     independent non-executive Director, namely Mr. REN Jinsheng, Mr. TANG Renhong and Mr. WANG
     Jianguo. The chairperson of the Strategy Committee is Mr. REN Jinsheng.

     The primary duties of the Strategy Committee are to review and make suggestions in respect of mid-
     to long-term development strategies, annual operation plans, major investments and financings, major
     business reorganization as well as business and market expansion, and formulation and implementation
     of ESG goals of the Company.

     During the Year, the Strategy Committee held two meetings to assess industry trends, review operating
     condition, explore long-term planning of the Company, formulate corresponding ESG plans and implement
     ESG goals.




82   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The attendance record of members of the Strategy Committee is listed in the table below:

                                                                                              No. of meetings
                                                                                          attended in person/
                                                                                            in proxy by other
    Name of the members of the committee                                                  Directors/convened
    Mr. REN Jinsheng                                                                                     2/0/2
    Mr. TANG Renhong                                                                                     2/0/2
    Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                     2/0/2


Directors Nomination Policy

In accordance with the Company’s director nomination policy, the Nomination Committee shall consider
the following criteria in evaluating and selecting candidates for directorship:

•      Skills, experience and expertise: The candidate should possess the skills, knowledge, experience and
       expertise which are relevant to the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries;

•      Diversity: Candidates should be considered on merit and against objective criteria, with due regard to
       the diversity perspectives set out in the Board diversity policy of the Company;

•      Commitment: The candidate should be able to devote sufficient time to attend Board meetings and
       participate in induction, trainings and other Board associated activities. In particular, if the proposed
       candidate will be nominated as an independent non-executive Director and will be holding his/her
       seventh(or more) listed company directorship, the Nomination Committee should consider the reason
       given by the candidate for being able to devote sufficient time to the Board and Board Committee
       meetings;

•      Standing: The candidate must satisfy the Board and the Stock Exchange that he/she has the
       character, experience and integrity to serve as a Director, and is able to demonstrate a standard of
       competence commensurate with the relevant position as a Director;

•      Independence: For the candidate who is proposed as an independent non-executive Director, he
       or she must satisfy all the independence requirements as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.
       Where appropriate, the Nomination Committee shall also evaluate the education, qualifications and
       experience of the candidates in a holistic manner to consider whether they possess appropriate
       professional qualifications, accounting or related financial management expertise to act as
       independent non-executive Directors.

The Nomination Committee will recommend to the Board for the appointment of directors (including
independent non-executive Directors) in accordance with the following nomination procedures:

•      If the Nomination Committee determines that additional appointment or replacement of the
       Director(s) is required, the Committee may take such measures that it considers appropriate in
       connection with its identification and evaluation of a candidate;




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   83
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     •     The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate recommended or offered for
           nomination by the Shareholders of the Group as a nominee for election to the Board and the
           appointment or reappointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors is subject to the
           approval of the Board;

     •     On making recommendation, the Nomination Committee may submit the candidate’s personal
           profile and a proposal to the Board for consideration. In order to be a valid proposal, the proposal
           must clearly indicate the nominating intention and the candidate’s consent to be nominated and the
           personal profile must incorporate and/or accompanied by the full particulars of the candidate that
           are required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules, including the information and/or confirmation
           required under Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules. If the candidate is proposed to be appointed as an
           independent non-executive Director, his or her independence shall be assessed in accordance with
           the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, subject to any amendments as may be made by
           the Stock Exchange from time to time;

     •     The Board shall observe its Board diversity policy and shall, subject to merit and suitability, continue
           in its endeavours to introduce more diversity into the Board, taking into account professional
           experience and qualifications, gender, age, cultural and educational background, and any other
           factors that the Board might consider relevant and applicable from time to time towards achieving
           Board diversity; and

     •     Each proposed new appointment, election or re-election of a Director shall be assessed and/or
           considered against the criteria and qualifications set out in the nomination policy by the Nomination
           Committee which shall recommend its views to the Board and/or the Shareholders for consideration
           and determination.

     The Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Directors nomination
     policy and reviewing this policy from time to time as appropriate to ensure its effectiveness.

     THE MECHANISM WHERE THE BOARD CAN OBTAIN INDEPENDENT VIEWS AND ADVICE

     The Board has adopted a mechanism where the Board can obtain independent views and advice on August
     31, 2022. Such mechanism aims at facilitating the Company to establish a mechanism to ensure the Board
     to possess stronger independent elements, which will be one of the key factors to enhance the Board’s
     efficiency. The Board shall review the execution and effect of this policy once a year. The Board has
     reviewed the mechanism where the Board can obtain independent views and advice on March 31, 2023, and
     the Board is of the opinion that the mechanism where the Board can obtain independent views and advice
     is effective.

     In the mechanism where the Board can obtain independent views and advice, the considerations for the
     Board to obtain independent views and advice are as follows:

     (a)   Channels for the Directors to Seek Advice from Independent Professional Consultants

           According to the requirements of code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code in Appendix C1
           to the Listing Rules, the Board shall agree on a procedure to enable the Directors, upon reasonable
           request, to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the issuer’s
           expense. The Board shall resolve to provide separate independent professional advice to the
           Directors to assist them to perform their responsibilities to the issuer. The Nomination Committee
           and the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee shall also be provided sufficient resources by the
           issuer to perform their duties.

84   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      For this purpose, the Directors, members of the Nomination Committee or members of the
      Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Company can seek independent professional
      advice according to the following procedures at the Company’s expense, so as to perform their
      responsibilities:

      •    A Director makes reasonable request to the secretary to the Board and specify reasons and the
           responsibilities to be performed.

      •    Upon receiving the request from a Director, the secretary to the Board shall report to the
           Chairman of the Board or designated authorised Director as soon as practicable and propose to
           the Board for granting approval of such request.

      •    After the Board resolves to approve the relevant requests, the secretary to the Board shall make
           relevant arrangements as soon as possible to appoint a professional consultant. The selected
           professional consultant shall be agreed by the Chairman of the Board or designated authorised
           Director and the Director who make the requisition, and shall not be the consultant used to be
           engaged by the Company.

      •    The secretary to the Board shall arrange the independent professional consultants to provide
           advice.

      •    The secretary to the Board shall report the relevant arrangements to the Board and keep
           records.

      If the Board and the Director who makes the requisition cannot reach consensus on the appointment
      of professional consultant, the decision of the Board shall be final and binding.


(b)   Seeking Information by Directors

      For the matters to be discussed on Board meetings, the Directors have the right to seek further
      information and documents from the management. The Directors shall also perform due diligence
      and make independent judgments themselves and shall not solely rely on professional advisers or
      the information volunteered by the management. To assist the Directors to duly perform their duties
      and timely discover potential issues, the management shall also provide all relevant documents and
      information to the Directors, including but not limited to:

      •    board papers and background information;

      •    disclosure documents;

      •    specific project plans and budgets;

      •    projections and monthly financial updates; and

      •    supporting information of new project proposals by management.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   85
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     (c)   Qualifications of Independent Non-executive Directors

           The Nomination Committee and the Board nominates and appoints independent non-executive
           Directors according to the nomination policy of the Company. When considering independent
           non-executive Directors, apart from taking into account their independence as required under the
           Listing Rules, the Company will also consider whether they are industry practitioners or experts in the
           Company’s business, or have other skills and experience in other areas (e.g. laws and accounting), so
           as to enhance the Board members’ composition of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives.

           Independent non-executive Directors shall possess the following functions to provide independent
           views and advices:

           •    keeping abreast of the latest information of the businesses of the Company, participating
                in supervising the Company’s performance on achieving established corporate goals and
                objectives and monitoring relevant reporting process;

           •    providing independent advice on issues of strategy, policy, corporate performance,
                accountability, resources, key appointments and standards of conduct, and assist in reviewing
                certain major decisions of the Board and the Company’s performance on corporate goals as well
                as monitoring relevant reporting process;

           •    taking the lead where potential conflicts of interests arise; and

           •    serving as a member of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the
                Nomination Committee and other governance committees, if invited.


     (d)   Number of Independent Non-executive Directors and the Time Committed

           •    The Board shall include a balanced composition of executive and non-executive Directors
                (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element
                on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment. There shall be at least
                three independent non-executive Directors among the Board members and the independent
                non-executive Directors shall represent at least one-third of the Board, so as to comply with the
                requirements of the Listing Rules.

           •    The independent non-executive Directors shall ensure to devote sufficient time and energy to
                handle such tasks and shall fully engage in the Company’s affairs in the Board and other time
                after the meeting. The independent non-executive Directors who hold directorships in a number
                of companies or hold important positions in the government or non-profit organizations shall
                devote sufficient attention to the Board and Board committees.

           •    If the proposed independent non-executive Directors will be holding their seventh (or more)
                directorships in listed companies, the Board shall comprehensively considers and explain in
                the shareholder circular why the Board believes such individual would still be able to devote
                sufficient time to the Board.

           •    The Chairman of the Board shall hold at least one meeting with the independent non-executive
                Directors without the presence of other Directors annually to discuss any doubts or concerns.



86   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      •   The independent non-executive Directors shall attend general meetings, Board meetings and
          committee meetings which they serve as a committee member. If they are unable to attend such
          meetings, it is necessary for them to provide reasons to the Board and relevant committees and
          make relevant records.


(e)   Remuneration

      The independent non-executive Directors have not been granted equity-based remuneration (e.g.
      share options or grants) with performance-related elements as this may lead to bias in their
      decision-making and compromise their objectivity and independence.


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Company has adopted a Board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain
an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of our Board that are relevant to the Company’s business
growth. The selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not
limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills,
knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be based on merits and contributions that the
selected candidates will bring to the Board.

Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including overall management and strategic
development, business operation, accounting and financial management, pharmaceutical research
and development. They obtained degrees in various majors or certifications, including in economics,
business administration, marketing, law, accounting and pharmacy. The Company has four independent
non-executive Directors with different industry backgrounds, representing more than one-third of the
Board. In addition, our Board has a wide range of age, ranging from 41 years old to 68 years old. Given
the Board’s composition of all-male directors in 2022, the Company has appointed Ms. WANG Xi as an
executive Director with effect from January 18, 2023. At the same time, the Company will continue to take
steps to promote gender diversity at all levels of our Company, including but not limited to our Board and
the management levels. Going forward, our Company will consider the possibility of nominating more
female senior management to the Board or appointing a female independent non-executive Director who
has the necessary skills and experience. The Company targets to achieve 20% female representation in
the Board within four years, subject to the Directors (i) being satisfied with the competence and experience
of the relevant candidates after a comprehensive review process based on reasonable criteria; and (ii)
fulfilling their fiduciary duties to act in the best interest of our Company and our Shareholders as a whole
when deliberating on the appointment. To develop a pipeline of potential female successors to the Board,
our Company will (i) ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior levels; and
(ii) engage more resources in training female staff with the aim of promoting them to be members of our
senior management or the Board.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023   87
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     As at December 31, 2023, male employees accounted for 47.8% and female employees accounted for 52.2%
     of all employees (including senior management) of the Group. We are committed to creating favorable
     conditions in our working environment to hire more staff and promote more women to hold senior
     management positions based on the qualifications, experience and skills required for those positions. In
     addition, we may face the issue of whether the supply of female personnel in the human resources market
     matches the academic qualifications, experience and skills required for positions within the Group. Despite
     these challenges, we are still moving towards gender balance.

     The Nomination Committee is responsible for ensuring the diversity of our Board. The Nomination
     Committee will monitor the implementation of the diversity policy and review the Board diversity policy
     from time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness. The Board has reviewed the Board diversity policy
     on December 29, 2023 and the Board is of the opinion that the implementation of Board diversity policy is
     effective.

     The graph below set forth the diversity profile of the Board as at December 31, 2023:
           No. of Directors
     8
                                                       Female                                                                       7-8
     7
                               Independent
     6                        non-executive                                    61–70
                                 Directors
     5
                                                                                                                                    3-4
     4                                                                                                Chinese
                                                        Male
     3                                                                         51–60
                               Executive
     2                         Directors

     1                                                                         41–50                                                0-1

     0
                Designation                   Gender                Age                   Ethnicity          Length of service(i)

     Note:

     (i)     The length of service is calculated from the date of appointment of the Director(s) by the Company to December 31, 2023.


     COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Mr. WAN Yushan, an executive Director and the chief financial officer of the Company, serves as the
     secretary to the Board and a Joint Company Secretary of the Company. Mr. WAN Yushan is responsible
     for making recommendations and proposals to the Board on issues related to corporate governance, and
     ensuring that Board policies and procedures as well as applicable laws, rules and regulations are strictly
     followed.




88   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


In order to maintain sound corporate governance and to ensure compliance with the Listing Rules and
applicable Hong Kong laws, the Company also appointed Ms. MAK Po Man Cherie of SWCS Corporate
Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, as the Company’s Joint Company Secretary, to assist Mr. WAN
Yushan in discharging the duties of a company secretary. Mr. WAN Yushan has attended trainings on,
among other things, laws and regulations, Listing Rules, director and Board secretaries’ duties, rules
on information disclosure, rules on connected transactions, notifiable transactions, equity management
of securities companies, directors’ and supervisors’ securities dealings, disclosure of interests, market
misconduct and the implementation of relevant internal policies.

Mr. WAN Yushan and Ms. MAK Po Man Cherie have both confirmed that they received not less than 15
hours of relevant professional training during the year ended December 31, 2023.


DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company currently does not have a fixed dividend distribution ratio. Our Board may declare dividends
by considering our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial
conditions, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Directors consider relevant. Any declaration
and payment as well as the amount of dividends will be subject to our constitutional documents and the
Companies Ordinance, including the approval of our Shareholders.

As the Company is a holding company, our ability to declare and pay dividends will also depend on the
availability of dividends received from our PRC subsidiaries. PRC laws require that dividends be paid only
out of the net profit calculated according to the PRC accounting principles, which differ in many aspects
from generally accepted accounting principles in other jurisdictions, including HKFRSs. PRC laws also
require foreign invested enterprises to set aside part of their net profit as statutory reserves, which are
not available for distribution as cash dividends. Distributions from our subsidiaries may also be restricted
if they incur debt or losses or in accordance with any restrictive covenants in bank credit facilities or other
agreements that we or our subsidiaries may enter into in the future.


LIABILITY INSURANCE FOR DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The Company has maintained insurance for all the directors and senior management members to
minimum the potential risks which may occur to them during their normal performance of duties.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors confirm their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2023.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties involving events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The statement of the Company’s
independent auditor regarding its reporting responsibilities on the financial statements is included in the
Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 106 to 112 of this annual report.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   89
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

     For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company appointed KPMG as its independent auditors. The
     total fees paid/payable for audit and non-audit services provided by the Group’s independent auditors
     for the year ended December 31, 2023, excluding disbursements made on behalf of the Company, are as
     follows:

      Service provided                                                              Fees paid/payable (RMB’000)
      Audit service                                                                                         4,940
      Non-audit service note                                                                                  234

     Note: Non-audit service mainly includes tax-related services.


     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     The overall objectives of the Group’s risk management are to ensure that risks are controlled within
     an acceptable limits appropriate to the overall objectives, to ensure compliance with relevant laws and
     regulations, to ensure the implementation of the Group’s relevant rules and regulations and major
     measures taken to achieve business objectives, to ensure the effectiveness of management, to improve the
     efficiency and effectiveness of business activities, to reduce uncertainty in achieving business objectives, to
     ensure that a crisis management plan is in place for subsequent management upon occurrence of various
     significant risks and to ensure that the Company is free of significant loss arising from catastrophic risks
     or human error. Our risk management system follows the principles of comprehensiveness, prudence,
     independence, effectiveness and timeliness to ensure the optimized use of the system.

     The Group’s risk management process consists of five steps: risk identification, risk assessment, risk
     management strategy selection, risk response and rectification and risk management supervision and
     improvement. Our internal audit function is performed by the compliance and audit department, which
     reports directly to the Audit Committee. The Group has separately set an audit department directly
     reporting to the compliance and audit department, which conducts routine random audits and special
     audits in accordance with the regulations of each business functions of the Company. In respect of regular
     random audits, the compliance and audit department prepares the audit plan for the coming year on an
     annual basis, and carries out the relevant works as per the scheduled timetable. In addition to the regular
     audits, the compliance and audit department also conducts special audits from time to time based on
     particular reports and issues identified during the regular random audits. Notices would be issued and
     notified, in different levels, in respect of the issues identified during the regular random audits and special
     audits by the compliance and audit department depending on the seriousness of the incidents.




90   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Each business entity of the Group is responsible for identifying, assessing and managing the risks within its
scope of business. They will develop their respective internal control system for effective risk management
and develop action plans to manage the risks catering for the risks identified and assessed, so as to ensure
that the associated risks are effectively controlled in line with the Group’s risk appetite.

Management is responsible for monitoring the Group’s risk management and internal control activities and
holds regular meetings with the business entities to ensure that key risks have been properly managed and
newly identified or evolving risks have been identified. Besides, the internal control and compliance related
departments will also monitor the internal operations of the Group from time to time.

The Board is responsible for examining and reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s
risk management and internal control systems, including financial monitoring, operating monitoring and
compliance monitoring, the Board also is responsible for reviewing the annual report and taking advice
from the Audit Committee.

The Board reviews the effectiveness of risk management and internal control system once a year and
has reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system for the year ended
December 31, 2023 and has covered all important monitoring aspects, including financial monitoring,
operational monitoring and compliance monitoring, and the Board has obtained management’s
confirmation on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system of the Company. In
particular, the Board considered the resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes
and budget of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions as well as the
performance and reporting of environmental, social and governance to be adequate. The review was
conducted through discussions with the management of the Company, its external auditors and the
assessment performed by the Audit Committee. The Board is also of the opinion that there is neither
material failure of risk control, nor has it identified any major weakness in risk control. The Company
has strictly complied with the requirements under the Corporate Governance Code in relation to risk
management and internal control, and the Board assesses that the Company’s risk management and
internal control system is effective and adequate.

The Board acknowledges that it is accountable for the risk management and internal control systems and
has the responsibility to review the effectiveness of such systems. These systems are designed to manage,
not eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable, but not
absolute, assurance that there will be no material misrepresentation or loss. In addition, the Group will
still take further steps to improve its risk management and internal control systems continuously.

The Company is aware of its responsibilities under the SFO and the Listing Rules with respect to the
procedures and internal controls over the handling and dissemination of inside information, and the
overriding principle is that if some information is determined as inside information, it should be announced
as soon as reasonably practicable and handled with close regard to applicable laws and regulations.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023   91
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     With the recognition of the importance of environmental protection to the pursuit of long-term sustainable
     development, the Group has formulated various internal systems of energy conservation and emission
     reduction and promoted energy conservation and emission reduction measures, including put forward
     environmental management goals, monitor emissions, encourage staff to conserve energy and reduce
     consumption. The Group is committed to improving the sustainable development of the environment and
     will closely monitor its performance. The Group has always strictly complied with the applicable laws
     and regulations in the place of operation, such as the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s
     Republic of China（《中華人民共和國環境保護法》）, which have been supported and effectively implemented
     by employees. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group has not suffered any fines or other
     penalties for the violation of any health, safety or environmental regulations. For details, please refer to the
     environmental, social and governance report to be published independently by the Group.


     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

     According to the Articles of Association and the Companies Ordinance, Shareholders of the Company may:
     (i) move a requisition to move a resolution at the AGM; (ii) requisition to convene an extraordinary general
     meeting (the “EGM”); and (iii) propose a person for election as a Director at a general meeting.


     Requisition to Move a Resolution at an AGM

     The Company holds a general meeting as its AGM every year. In accordance with section 615 of the
     Companies Ordinance, a requisition to move a resolution at the AGM may be submitted by any number of
     Shareholders representing not less than one-fortieth (1/40) of the total voting rights of all Shareholders
     having the right to vote on that resolution at the AGM, or not less than 50 Shareholders having the right
     to vote on that resolution at the AGM. The requisition must identify the resolution and must be signed by
     all the applicant. The requisition must be deposited at the Registered Office (as defined below), for the
     attention of the Joint Company Secretaries, not later than 6 weeks before the AGM to which the request
     relates, or if later, when the Notice of AGM is dispatched.


     Requisition to Convene an EGM

     Shareholders holding not less than one-twentieth (1/20) of the total voting rights of all the members having
     a right to vote at general meetings of the Company can deposit a requisition to convene an EGM pursuant
     to sections 566 to 568 of the Companies Ordinance. The requisition must state the general nature of the
     business to be dealt with at the meeting, and must be signed by the applicant. The requisition must be
     deposited at our Registered Office for the attention of the Joint Company Secretaries.




92   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Proposing a Person for Election as a Director at a General Meeting

If a Shareholder wishes to propose a person for election as a Director at a general meeting, he/she must
give a written notice to that effect to the Joint Company Secretaries. The written notice must include the
personal information of the person proposed for election as a Director as required by Rule 13.51(2) of
the Listing Rules and be signed by such Shareholder and the person proposed for election as a Director
indicating his/her willingness to be appointed or re-appointed and consent of publication of his/her
personal information. Such notice shall be given within the period (or a longer period as may be determined
by the Directors from time to time) commencing no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice
of such meeting and ending no later than seven days prior to the date appointed for such meeting. Such
details and procedures are available in our website.

For requesting the Company to circulate to Shareholders a statement with respect to a matter mentioned
in a proposed resolution or any other business to be dealt with at a general meeting, Shareholders
are requested to follow the requirements and procedures as set out in section 580 of the Companies
Ordinance.


Procedure in relation to Raising Enquiry and Concerns with the Board

Shareholders of the Company wishing to make any enquiry to the Board may do so in writing to the
Company since verbal or anonymous ones would not generally be dealt with by the Company.

For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholder(s) must deposit the original duly signed written requisition,
notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the below address and provide their full names,
contact details and identification in order to give effect to such requisition, notice or statement, or enquiry.
Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.


Contact details

Address:     43/F, AIA Tower, 183 Electric Road, North Point, Hong Kong (“Registered Office”)
             (for the attention of the Joint Company Secretaries)
Email:       ir@simcere.com

For any enquiry concerning our Shares, Shareholders are advised to directly check with our Hong
Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited. The contact details of
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited are as follows:

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited

Address:     17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Telephone: +852 2862 8555
Website:     www.computershare.com/hk/contact




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   93
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS RELATIONS

     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing
     investor relations and investor understanding of the Company’s business performance and strategies.
     The Company has adopted the Shareholders’ Communication Policy. The Board has reviewed the
     Shareholders’ Communication Policy on March 31, 2023 and the Company has maintained communications
     with Shareholders according to the communication strategies set out in the Shareholders’ Communication
     Policy, where the Shareholders can raise questions to the Directors at the annual general meeting
     held on June 15, 2023, thus the Board is of the opinion that the Shareholders’ Communication Policy is
     implemented appropriately and effective.

     The Shareholders’ Communication Policy includes the followings:


     General Policies

     •    The Board shall maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and the investment community, and
          will regularly review this Policy to ensure its effectiveness.

     •    Information shall be communicated to Shareholders and the investment community mainly through
          the Company’s financial reports (interim and annual reports), annual general meetings and other
          general meetings that may be convened; and publish all the disclosures submitted to the Stock
          Exchange, corporate communications and other corporate publications on the Company’s website.

     •    Effective and timely dissemination of information to Shareholders and the investment community
          shall be ensured at all times. Any question regarding this Policy shall be directed to the Joint
          Company Secretaries.


     Communication Strategies

     Shareholders’ enquiries

     •    Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s Share
          Registrar.

     •    Shareholders and the investment community may at any time make a request for the Company’s
          information to the extent such information is publicly available.

     •    Shareholders and the investment community shall be provided with designated contacts, email
          addresses and enquiry methods of the Company in order to enable them to make any query in respect
          of the Company.




94   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Corporate Communication*

•   Corporate communication will be provided to Shareholders in plain language and in both English and
    Chinese versions to facilitate Shareholders’ understanding. Shareholders have the right to choose the
    language (either English or Chinese) or means of receipt of the corporate communications (in hard
    copy or through electronic means).

•   Shareholders are encouraged to provide, amongst other things, in particular, their email addresses
    to the Company in order to facilitate timely and effective communications.


Company’s website

•   A dedicated “Investor Relations” section is available on the Company’s website (www.simcere.com).
    Information on such website is updated on a regular basis.

•   Information released by the Company to the Stock Exchange is also posted on the Company’s
    website immediately thereafter. Such Information on website includes financial statements, results
    announcements, circulars and notices of general meetings and associated explanatory documents
    etc.

•   All presentation materials provided in conjunction with the Company’s annual general meeting
    and results announcement each year will be made available on the Company’s website as soon as
    practicable after their release.


General Meetings

•   Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and
    vote at meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.

•   Appropriate arrangements for the annual general meetings shall be in place to encourage
    Shareholders’ participation.

•   The process of the Company’s general meetings will be monitored and reviewed on a regular basis,
    and, if necessary, changes will be made to ensure that Shareholders’ needs are best served.

•   Board members, in particular, either the chairman of Board committees or their delegates,
    appropriate management executives and external auditors will attend annual general meetings to
    answer Shareholders’ questions.

•   Shareholders are encouraged to attend Shareholders’ activities organized by the Company, where
    information about the Company, including its latest strategic plan, products and services, will be
    communicated.




*   “Corporate Communication” refers to any document issued or to be issued by the Company for the information or action
    of holders of any of its securities, including but not limited to the directors’ report and annual accounts together with a
    copy of the auditor’s report, the interim report, a notice of meeting, a circular and a proxy form.


                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023      95
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Communications with the Investment Market

     •    The Company will organize various events regularly, which include briefing sessions to and private
          meetings with investors/analysts, holding domestic and international roadshows, media interviews
          and investor promotions, as well as organizing/participating in industry thematic forums, so as to
          facilitate communication between the Company and its Shareholders and investors.

     •    The Directors and employees of the Company who have contacts or dialogues with investors, analysts,
          media or other interested outside parties are required to comply with the disclosure obligations and
          requirements under the “Inside Information Disclosure Policy” of the Company.


     AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

     There is no change in the Articles of Association of the Company during the Year.




96   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                       BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are updated as of the
date of this report.

DIRECTORS

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. REN Jinsheng (任晉生), aged 61, is the founder, an executive Director, the chairman of the Board
and the chief executive officer of the Company. He is primarily responsible for the overall corporate and
business strategies, business operation and making significant business and operational decisions of the
Group.

With more than 31 years of industry experience, Mr. REN has gained in-depth understanding of the
pharmaceutical industry and acquired rich management experience. At the very beginning of the Group’s
operations, Mr. REN became the general manager of Jiangsu Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (江蘇先聲
藥業有限公司) (“Jiangsu Simcere”) at the time of its establishment in March 1995, and has subsequently
been the chairman of the board and the chief executive officer of the Group. On November 19, 2019,
Mr. REN was officially appointed as the chairman of the Board, an executive Director and the chief
executive officer of the Company. Mr. REN also has been the chairman of the board of various
subsidiaries within the Group, including but not limited to Jiangsu Simcere since April 2004, Hainan
Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (海南先聲藥業有限公司) (“Hainan Simcere”) since April 2001, Simcere
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲藥業有限公司) (“Simcere Pharmaceutical”) since February 2003. Prior to the
foundation of the Group, Mr. REN served as the manager of the new special drugs business department
of Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Industry Co., Ltd. (江蘇省醫藥工業有限公司) from November 1992 to March
1995. Prior to that, Mr. REN worked at Qidong Pharmaceutical Factory ((啟東製藥廠), now known as Qidong
branch of Bayer Healthcare (拜耳醫藥啟東分公司)) from February 1982 to November 1992. In addition, Mr.
REN was also the vice president of the China Pharmaceutical Innovation Promotion Association (中國醫藥
創新促進會) and the vice president of Jiangsu Chamber of Commerce (江蘇省商會).

Mr. REN graduated with a college diploma in traditional Chinese pharmacology from Nanjing University of
Chinese Medicine (南京中醫藥大學) (formerly known as Nanjing College of Chinese Medicine (南京中醫學
院)) in January 1982. He also graduated with a master’s degree in business administration from Nanjing
Normal University (南京師範大學) in December 1996. Mr. REN was certified as a researcher (natural
science series) and a senior economist by Jiangsu Human Resources and Social Security Department (江
蘇省人力資源與社會保障廳) in January 2020 and November 2010, respectively.

Over the years, Mr. REN has received many awards and accolades acknowledging his contributions and
accomplishments in the pharmaceutical industry, examples of which are set out below:

 Honor/Award                                     Awarding Body                                 Timing of granting
                                                                                               the award
 Top 10 leaders in China’s pharmaceutical industry National Federation of Industry and Commerce May 2016
 (中國醫藥行業十大領軍人物)                                     Pharmaceutical Merchants Association
                                                    (全國工商業聯合會醫藥商協會)
 First prize of the Science and Technology Award of The People’s Government of Hainan Province  December 2014;
 Hainan Province (海南省科學技術一等獎)                       (海南省人民政府)                                   January 2005
 Special Government Allowances (政府特殊津貼)             State Council (國務院)                         March 2011
 Jiangsu Innovation and Entrepreneurship Talent     Jiangsu Committee of the Communist Party of June 2010
 Award (江蘇創新創業人才獎)                                  China (中共江蘇省委); The People’s Government
                                                    of Jiangsu Province (江蘇省人民政府)
 National Labor Medal (全國五一勞動獎章)                    All-China Federation of Trade Unions        April 2007
                                                    (中華全國總工會)
 Second prize of National Science and Technology State Council (國務院)                            November 2005
 Progress Award (國家科學技術進步二等獎)


                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023   97
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Mr. TANG Renhong (唐任宏), aged 44, is an executive Director of the Company and the chairman of the
     board of directors and the chief executive officer of Simcere Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲再明
     醫藥有限公司) (“Simcere Zaiming”), a subsidiary of the Company. Mr. TANG is committed to the overall
     leading of Simcere Zaiming, which is responsible for the research and development, production and
     marketing of oncology pharmaceuticals of the Group.

     Mr. TANG has nearly 14 years of experience in pharmaceutical research and development and
     management of pharmaceutical companies. Mr. TANG joined the Group acting as the vice president in
     May 2019. He was officially appointed as an executive Director and the vice president of the Company on
     November 19, 2019 and further appointed as the senior vice president, the executive vice president and the
     co-chief executive officer (the “Co-CEO”) of the Company on June 1, 2020, March 31, 2021 and May 25, 2022,
     respectively. Mr. TANG resigned as the Co-CEO of the Company on December 31, 2022 and was appointed
     as the chairman of the board of directors and the chief executive officer of Simcere Zaiming on January 1,
     2023.

     Prior to joining Simcere, he served as the vice general manager of Shanghai Shengdi Pharmaceutical Co.,
     Ltd. (上海盛迪醫藥有限公司) from September 2017 to May 2019. From September 2013 to August 2017, Mr.
     TANG worked as the associate director of China Innovation Center of Astrazeneca Investment (China) Co.,
     Ltd. (阿斯利康投資（中國）有限公司). Before that, he worked at the Novo Nordisk Research Centre China
     (諾和諾德中國研究發展中心) from June 2009 to September 2013 with the last position there being the
     head of department. At the beginning of his career, he was a postdoctoral researcher at the University of
     California, San Francisco from April 2007 to May 2009.

     Mr. TANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大
     學) in July 2002. He also obtained a Ph.D. in molecular cell biology from Nanyang Technological University
     in April 2007.

     Mr. WAN Yushan (萬玉山), aged 53, is an executive Director, the chief financial officer and one of the joint
     company secretaries of the Company. He is primarily responsible for the financial, legal and compliance
     management, formulating financial strategies and in charge of the process and information business of the
     Group.

     Mr. WAN has over 21 years of experience with the Group where he has accumulated knowledge and
     skills required in the financial management of the Group. Mr. WAN joined the Group in May 2000 and has
     assumed various positions successively since then, including the financial controller, general manager
     of financial department, vice president and chief financial officer. On November 19, 2019, Mr. WAN was
     officially appointed as an executive Director and the chief financial officer of the Company. He has also
     been the director of several subsidiaries of the Company including, among others, Hainan Simcere since
     July 2011 and Simcere Pharmaceutical since July 2017.

     Mr. WAN obtained a bachelor’s degree in biochemistry from Nanjing University (南京大學) in June 1992
     and a master’s degree in management (majoring in accounting) from Nanjing University (南京大學) in June
     1999. Mr. WAN was admitted as a non-practicing member of Jiangsu Institute Certified Public Accountants
     (江蘇省註冊會計師協會) in November 2009.




98   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Ms. WANG Xi (王熙), aged 41, is an executive Director and a vice president of the Company. She is primarily
responsible for the procurement and supply chain department of the Group and quality management,
material control and business of Jiangsu Simcere. Ms. WANG joined the Group in May 2020 and has been
a vice president of the Company since then. She was appointed as an executive Director with effect from
January 18, 2023. Ms. WANG is the spouse of Mr. REN Jinsheng.

Ms. WANG has extensive experience in corporate governance. Ms. WANG has been a director of Nanjing
BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd. (南京百家匯科技發展有限公司) since April 2020 and a director
of Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd. (北京先聲祥瑞生物製品股份有限公司) (formerly
known as Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd. (北京祥瑞生物製品股份有限公司)) (stock code:
873821, NEEQ) since May 2020. In addition, Ms. WANG served as a director of Jiangsu Pharmaceutical
Industry Research Institute Co., Ltd. (江蘇省醫藥工業研究所有限公司), the executive director and the
general manager of Nanjing Xinjiye Technology Development Co., Ltd. (南京新基業科技發展有限公司) and
the chairman of the board of directors of Simcare Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲再康江蘇藥業有限
公司) from 2015 to 2023.

Ms. WANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in marketing from Nankai University (南開大學) in June 2006 and
is currently studying for an executive master of business administration (EMBA) degree at China Europe
International Business School (中歐國際工商學院).


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. SONG Ruilin (宋瑞霖), aged 61, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. He is
primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operation and management
of the Group.

Mr. SONG has extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. SONG joined the Group in
November 2019. He has held positions in a number of public companies, including a non-executive
director of Luye Pharma Group Ltd. (stock code: 2186.HK) since March 2017, an independent director of
Mediwelcome Healthcare Service and Technology Inc. (麥迪衛康健康醫療服務科技有限公司) (stock code:
2159.HK) since December 2020, an independent director of Jacobio Pharmaceuticals Group Co., Ltd. (加
科思藥業集團有限公司) (stock code: 1167.HK) since December 2020, an independent director of Shanghai
Henlius Biotech, Inc. (上海復宏漢霖生物技術股份有限公司) (stock code: 2696.HK) since June 2018, an
independent director of Shenzhen Chipscreen Biosciences Co., Ltd (深圳微芯生物科技股份有限公司) (stock
code: 688321.SH) since August 2018, an independent director of Boya Biopharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.
(博雅生物製藥集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 300294.SZ) from March 2017 to March 2021, an independent
director of Tibet Aim Pharm. Inc. (西藏易明西雅醫藥科技股份有限公司) (stock code: 002826.SZ) from
August 2015 to August 2021, an independent director of Shanxi Zhendong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (山西
振東製藥股份有限公司) (stock code: 300158.SZ) from June 2015 to June 2021, an independent director of
Zhejiang Jolly Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (浙江佐力藥業股份有限公司) (stock code: 300181.SZ) from July
2009 to January 2014 and an independent director of Jointown Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (九州通醫藥
集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 600998.SH) from November 2008 to November 2014.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   99
      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


      Mr. SONG is currently the executive president of PhIRDA (中國醫藥創新促進會) (formerly named as
      China Pharmaceutical Industry Research and Development Association (中國醫藥工業科研開發促進會)).
      Mr. SONG also hold several important social positions including specially-invited expert of the Talent Pool
      Participating in and Discussing State Affairs of the CPPCC, consultant of Participating in and Discussing
      State Affairs of the Chinese Peasants and Workers Democratic Party, the executive deputy director of the
      Research Centre for Drug Policy and Industrial Development at China Pharmaceutical University (中國
      藥科大學國家藥物政策與產業發展研究中心), a member of the NMPA’s Expert Advisory Committee on the
      Strategic Decision of Chinese medicine management (中藥管理戰略決策專家諮詢委員會), a member of the
      Biotech Advisory Panel of the Stock Exchange, vice chairman of China Alliance Rare Diseases, a honorary
      council member of the Chinese Medicine Society, council member of Chinese Pharmacist Association,
      a council member of the Bethune Charitable Foundation, a visiting researcher of Shanghai Jiaotong
      University. Since 2007, Mr. SONG has been dedicated to the research of China’s pharmaceutical policies,
      especially the policies for pharmaceutical innovation. Prior to that, he worked in the Legislative Affairs
      Office of the State Council of China, mainly engaged in the legislative review and research of health and
      medicine for a number of years.

      Mr. SONG graduated with a bachelor’s degree in law from China University of Political Science and Law
      (中國政法大學) in July 1985. He also graduated with a degree of master of business administration (EMBA)
      from China Europe International Business School (中歐國際商學院) in November 2004 and a doctoral
      degree in social and administrative pharmacy from China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學) in
      December 2018.

      Mr. WANG Jianguo (汪建國), aged 63, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. He is
      primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operation and management
      of the Group.

      Mr. WANG has over 31 years of experience in corporate management. He joined the Group in November
      2019, and meanwhile, he has been an independent non-executive director of Honma Golf Limited (stock
      code: 6858.HK) since September 2016. Mr. WANG also has been the chairman of the board of Five Star
      Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (五星控股集團有限公司), the chairman of Kidswant Children Products Co., Ltd
      (stock code: 301078.SZ) and the chairman of Huitongda Network Co., Ltd. (stock code: 9878.HK) since
      February 2009. Before that, Mr. WANG was the vice president of the Asia-Pacific Region for Best Buy
      Co., Inc. (stock code: BBY.NY), an American multinational consumer electronics corporation. He founded
      Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co., Ltd. (江蘇五星電器有限公司) in 1998 and was its president and the
      chairman of the board until February 2009. From 1992 to 1998, Mr. WANG held various positions at Jiangsu
      Wujiaohua Corporation (江蘇五交化總公司) with his last position there being the general manager.

      Mr. WANG was elected as the Fifth Excellent Constructor of Socialism with Chinese Characteristics from
      Non-public Sector (第五屆全國非公有制經濟人士優秀中國特色社會主義事業建設者) in August 2019 and was
      elected as the Model Worker of the National Business System (全國商務系統勞動模範) by the Ministry of
      Personnel and the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC in 2007.

      Mr. WANG graduated from the Australian National University, in July 2004 with a degree of executive
      master of business administration (EMBA). He also completed the program of Ph.D. in Business
      Administration in Global Finance from Arizona State University, U.S.A. in May 2018.




100   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. WANG Xinhua (王新華), aged 68, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. He is
primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operation and management
of the Group.

Mr. WANG Xinhua has almost 46 years of experience in accounting and financial management. Mr. WANG
Xinhua joined the Group in November 2019. He has been an independent non-executive director of China
Tobacco International (HK) Company Limited (stock code: 6055.HK) since December 2018. In addition,
Mr. WANG Xinhua was an independent director of Guizhou Yibai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (貴州益佰製藥
股份有限公司) (stock code: 600594.SH), Guizhou Jiulian Industrial Explosive Material Development Co.,
Ltd. (貴州久聯民爆器材發展股份有限公司) (stock code: 002037.SZ) (now renamed as Poly Union Chemical
Holding Group Co., Ltd. (保利聯合化工控股集團股份有限公司)), Xinjiang Zhongtai Chemical Co., Ltd. (新
疆中泰化學股份有限公司) (stock code: 002092.SZ) and China Petroleum Engineering Corporation (中國石
油集團工程股份有限公司) (stock code: 600339.SH) from September 2016 to September 2019, from March
2016 to December 2019, from January 2017 to December 2022 and from September 2017 to February 2024,
respectively. Prior to that, Mr. WANG Xinhua served as the chief financial officer of China Petroleum &
Chemical Corporation (中國石油化工股份有限公司) (stock code: 386.HK and 600028.SH) from May 2009
to December 2015. From November 2004 to April 2009, he served as a director of the financial planning
department of China Petrochemical Corporation (中國石化集團公司).

Mr. WANG Xinhua graduated from Northeastern University (東北大學) in July 1996 after completing his
undergraduate course in management engineering through correspondence courses. He was recognized
as a senior accountant at professor level (教授級高級會計師) by Sinopec Group in January 2004.

Mr. SUNG Ka Woon (宋嘉桓) (whose former name was SONG Li (宋立)), aged 52, is an independent non-
executive Director of the Company. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent
advice on the operation and management of the Group.

Mr. SUNG has been the vice chairman of the board of directors of the Wuhan branch of Yuhu Cold
Chain (China) Co., Ltd. (玉湖冷鏈（中國）有限公司) since March 2017. From August 2013 to March 2017,
Mr. SUNG served as a director at Asia Social Development Research Center ( 亞洲社會發展研究中心).
Mr. SUNG served at various social positions including a president of Hong Kong Industrial and Commercial
Association Limited (香港工商總會) from February 2021 to June 2022, a member of Heung Yee Kuk New
Territories of Hong Kong since May 2020, a member of the Election Committee of Hong Kong since
September 2021, a member of the 12th and 13th CPPCC of Zhanjiang City, Guangdong Province from
February 2014 to December 2017, and a member of the 12th CPPCC of Shandong Province from January
2018. Mr. SUNG was appointed as non-official Justice of the Peace by the Government of Hong Kong in July
2021.

Mr. SUNG obtained an executive master of business and administration degree from Antai College of
Economics & Management, Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學安泰經濟與管理學院) in the PRC
in December 2011, completed the part-time postgraduate studies majoring in economic management
from Party School of the Central Committee of CPC (中共中央黨校) in the PRC in January 1996 and
obtained a bachelor’s degree of machinery design and automation from Northeastern University (東北大學)
(previously known as Northeastern Institute of Technology (東北工學院)) in the PRC in July 1993.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023   101
      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


      SENIOR MANAGEMENT

      The members of the senior management team and details of each of their experience are as follows:

      Mr. ZHOU Gaobo (周高波), aged 45, was appointed as the chief investment officer of the Company
      on January 17, 2022. He is primarily responsible for business investment, business development
      management, strategic planning, affairs in Hong Kong and investor relations management.

      Mr. ZHOU has approximately 15 years of management consulting experience in the healthcare industry.
      He was a partner of McKinsey & Company from January 2014 to January 2022, and was the joint head of
      McKinsey’s Greater China Healthcare practice from October 2019 to January 2022. Prior to this, he had
      taken various positions, including consultant, engagement manager and associate partner at McKinsey
      between July 2006 to December 2013. He worked with leading pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical
      device, and life science investment companies on a broad range of topics in China Healthcare Reform
      and innovation, including strategy, business model innovation, digital transformation, and investment and
      partnership. He also built the largest healthcare management consulting team in the industry. Previously,
      he also worked at Human Genome Sciences (HGSI) in antibody and fusion protein drug development from
      July 2002 to July 2004.

      Mr. ZHOU graduated with a bachelor’s degree in genetics from Fudan University (復旦大學) in July 2000. He
      obtained a Master of Science degree in biochemistry from the University of Maryland in July 2002, as well
      as a master’s degree in business administration from Duke University in May 2006.

      Mr. GOH Aik Han (吳奕涵), aged 49, was appointed the Chief Medical Officer, Senior Vice President of the
      Company since December 1, 2023. He is responsible for the overall clinical development in R&D.

      Mr. GOH has over 20 years of experiences in clinical and pharmaceutical industry. He was the Chief
      Medical Officer and the senior vice president of Reistone Biopharma (瑞石生物醫藥) between May 2018 and
      November 2023. He worked as a medical advisor, and clinical development director in GlaxoSmithKline
      (葛蘭素史克公司) from September 2008 to April 2018, both at the London head office and the China R&D
      center. His expertise focuses on clinical development in neuroscience, autoimmune, and respiratory
      therapy areas.

      Mr. GOH is a UK General Medical Council (GMC) registered doctor and has worked in the UK NHS Hospitals
      as a general surgeon. He is a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (MRCS Ed), and the
      Royal College of Surgeons and Physicians of Glasgow (MRCS Glasg).

      Mr. GOH has received his Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery degree from the University of Aberdeen in June
      2001, and has subsequently received a Doctor of Medicine degree from Aberdeen in 2013.




102   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. John WANG (王強), aged 63, was appointed as the senior vice president of the Company on December
15, 2023. He is responsible for the development and growth of non-oncology business in the United States
and provision of strategic leadership for BD and investments of the Company in the United States, aiming
to promote the globalization and BIC business of Simcere.

Mr. John WANG possesses extensive experience in strategic planning and innovation strategies. He was
the head of external innovation of immunology and associate vice president of Eli Lilly from December
2018 to December 2023, and he has worked in Wyeth, Sanofi and Merck from May 1996 to December 2018,
respectively.

From February 1978 to February 1982, Mr. John WANG received a bachelor’s degree of agriculture from
Qingdao Agricultural University. From February 1982 to January 1985, he received a master’s degree of
pharmacology from Nanjing Agricultural University. From February 1989 to August 1992, he received a
doctor’s degree of pharmacology from St George’s Hospital Medical School, University of London. He
conducted his postdoctoral researches in Boston University and Harvard Medical School from August 1992
to July 1995, respectively. He received the negotiation plan certificate from Harvard Law School and the
project management plan certificate from Franklin Covey.

Mr. CHENG Xianghua (程向華), aged 47, is a vice president of the Company. He is primarily responsible for
the marketing management of the Group’s neuroscience business units.

Mr. CHENG has over 21 years of experience with the Group where he gained rich experience in the
management of the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. CHENG joined the Group in June 2000 and has held
various positions within the Group since then, including the sales representative, manager, business
director, general manager of business department, president assistant, and vice president, successively.
Mr. CHENG has also been the chairman of the board of Oy Simcere Europe Ltd. since June 2019, a director
of Wuhu Simcere Zhongren Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (蕪湖先聲中人藥業有限公司) since July 2017, a
director of Shanghai Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (上海先聲藥業有限公司) since January 2017, a
director of Simcere Pharmaceutical since April 2020 and a director of Hainan Simcere since May 2020. In
addition, Mr. CHENG served as a director of Xuancheng Menovo Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (宣城美諾華藥業
有限公司) from July 2019 to September 2020.

Mr. CHENG graduated with a college diploma in pharmaceutical marketing from Anhui University of
Chinese Medicine (安徽中醫藥大學) in July 1999. He is currently studying for the executive master of
business administration (EMBA) program at China Europe International Business School.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023   103
      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


      Mr. SHI Ruiwen (史瑞文), aged 58, joined the Group in November 2017 and was appointed as a vice
      president of the Company on March 31, 2021, primarily responsible for the pharmaceutical business of the
      Company and the management of the Nanjing Research Institute and the Hainan Research Institute.

      Mr. SHI has nearly 30 years of experience in pharmaceutical research and development and production
      management. From March 1990 to August 1996, he served as an assistant research professor and an
      associate research professor in the Institute of Biomedical Engineering of Chinese Academy of Medical
      Sciences (中國醫學科學院生物醫學工程研究所). From August 1996 to August 1997, as a visiting scholar, he
      conducted research in the Medical School of Kumamoto University. From August 2002 to September 2003,
      he served in Mannkind Corporation as a research and development scientist of the Formulation and Drug
      Delivery Science Department. He was a senior scientist of the Drug Delivery Systems and Formulation
      Development Department of Bausch + Lomb Inc. from September 2003 to September 2005, and a senior
      scientist in the Pre-formulation and Early Formulation Department of ALZA Corporation, a subsidiary of
      Johnson & Johnson from October 2005 to August 2007. From August 2007 to October 2017, he served as a
      senior scientist, a principal scientist (deputy director level) and a deputy director in the Formulation and
      Drug Delivery Department of Allergan Inc..

      Mr. SHI joined the Group in November 2017. He served as the senior director of the pharmaceutical
      business department of the Group and the chief engineer of Simcere Pharmaceutical from November
      2017 to December 2018. From December 2018 to August 2019, he served as the executive director of the
      pharmaceutical business department of the Group and the vice dean of Nanjing Research Institute (南京
      研究院). From August 2019 to August 2020, he served as the general manager of Simcere Pharmaceutical.
      Since November 2019, he has served as the vice president of the Group.

      Mr. SHI graduated with a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in polymer chemistry and materials
      from Tianjin University (天津大學) in September 1987 and March 1990, respectively. Mr. SHI also obtained
      a Ph.D. in pharmaceutical sciences from the University of British Columbia in May 2003.

      Mr. WANG Feng (王峰), aged 41, joined the Group in June 2007 and was appointed as a vice president of the
      Company on March 31, 2021, who assists the CEO in the daily management of R&D system (non-oncology)
      and primarily responsible for the management of the Company’s preclinical research institute, Beijing
      Innovation Center, legal and intellectual property department as well as the project management office.

      Mr. WANG Feng has nearly 17 years of experience within the Group. He joined the Group in June 2007
      and held various positions in the Group, including as a product manager of the marketing department
      from June 2007 to September 2010, a senior product manager of marketing department from September
      2010 to August 2013, a product director of marketing department from August 2013 to January 2016, a
      general manager of the marketing department from January 2016 to August 2017, a senior director of
      pharmaceutical business department of the Group from August 2017 to January 2018, a senior director of
      regulations science department from January 2018 to December 2018, an executive director of regulations
      and intellectual property department (formerly known as the regulations science department) from
      December 2018 to May 2019, and a vice dean of Nanjing Research Institute (南京研究院) from May 2019 to
      September 2020. Mr. WANG was appointed as party secretary and vice president of the Group in September
      2020.

      Mr. WANG Feng graduated from China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學) with a bachelor’s degree
      in bioengineering in July 2004, a master’s degree in microbiology and biochemistry in June 2007 and a Ph.
      D. in social management pharmacy in 2018.




104   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Mr. WAN Yushan (萬玉山) was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company with effect
from November 9, 2022. For more information about Mr. WAN, please refer to “Biographies of Directors
and Senior Management – Directors – Executive Directors” above.

Ms. MAK Po Man Cherie (麥寶文) was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company on
September 17, 2020, which took effect on the same day.

Ms. MAK is the vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited. She has worked
for various professional firms and listed companies in Hong Kong, with over 18 years of experience in the
fields of audit, accounting, corporate finance, compliance and corporate secretarial. Ms. MAK obtained a
master of corporate governance degree from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2017. She has been
admitted as an associate member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered
Governance Institute in the United Kingdom in 2017, a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants in 2003 and a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in
2006.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   105
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      Independent auditor’s report to the members of
      Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited
      (incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


      Opinion

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (“the
      Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 113 to 229, which comprise the consolidated
      statement of financial position as at December 31, 2023, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the
      consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
      changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended and notes, comprising
      material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
      position of the Group as at December 31, 2023 and of its consolidated financial performance and its
      consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
      Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and
      have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


      Basis for opinion

      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
      HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities
      for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group
      in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) and we have
      fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
      we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




106   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in
the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

 Revenue Recognition
 Refer to Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 139 to 142.
 The Key Audit Matter                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit
 The Group’s revenue principally comprises sales        Our audit procedures to assess the timing of
 of pharmaceutical products to the distributors and     revenue recognition included the followings:
 fee charged for provision of promotion service,
                                                        •     obtaining an understanding of and assessing
 accounting for 99.4% of the total revenue.
                                                              the design, implementation and operating
 In respect of sales of pharmaceutical products,              effectiveness of management’s key internal
 the Group enters into framework distribution                 controls in relation to revenue recognition;
 agreements with distributors which specify
 the terms of sales relating to pricing, goods          •     inspecting a sample of framework distribution

 acceptance and return, as well as credit terms.              agreements, purchase order and promotion

 Revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical products             service contracts with key customers to

 is recognized at the point in time when the                  identify terms and conditions relating to goods

 customer takes possession of and accepts the                 or service acceptance and the right of return

 products.                                                    and assessing the Group’s policies in respect
                                                              of the timing of recognition of revenue with
 In respect of promotion service, the Group renews
                                                              reference to the requirements of the prevailing
 the promotion service contracts entered into
                                                              accounting standards;
 with pharmaceutical manufacturers annually
 which specifies the products to be promoted,           •     inspecting goods acceptance records or
 the promotion period and intended activities.                promotion service reconciliation records, on
 Promotion service income is recognized when                  a sample basis, to assess whether revenue
 the Group satisfies its promise to arrange for               transactions recorded just before and after the
 the pharmaceutical products to be provided by                financial year end date had been recognized in
 supplier to the customer.                                    the appropriate financial period on the basis of
                                                              the terms set out in the framework distribution
                                                              agreements;




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   107
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      Key audit matters - continued

       Revenue Recognition
       Refer to Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 139 to 142.
       The Key Audit Matter                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit
       We identified the timing of revenue recognition        •     inspecting underlying documentation like
       as a key audit matter because revenue is                     reconciliation records, the list of dispatched
       one of the key performance indicators of the                 but not accepted products for manual
       Group and therefore there is an inherent risk                journal entries and adjustments relating to
       of manipulation of the timing of recognition of              revenue recorded during the year which were
       revenue by management to meet specific targets               considered to be material or met other specific
       or expectations.                                             risk-based criteria; and

                                                              •     inspecting actual sales returns and credit
                                                                    notes recorded after the financial year end and
                                                                    evaluating whether the related adjustments to
                                                                    revenue had been recorded in the appropriate
                                                                    financial period.

       Loss allowances for trade receivables
       Refer to Note 38(a) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 132 to 134.
       The Key Audit Matter                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit
       As at December 31, 2023, the Group had                 Our audit procedures to assess the loss allowance
       trade receivables with a gross amount of               for trade receivables included the followings:
       RMB1,996,245,000, net of loss allowances for
                                                              •     obtaining an understanding of and assessing
       expected credit losses (“ECLs”) of RMB23,175,000.
                                                                    the design, implementation and operating
       The Group’s trade receivables mainly arose from
                                                                    effectiveness of key internal controls
       sales of pharmaceutical products.
                                                                    relating to credit control, debt collection and
       The Group measures the loss allowance at an                  estimating the credit loss allowance;
       amount equal to the lifetime ECLs for trade
                                                              •     evaluating the Group’s policy and method for
       receivables. The estimated loss rates take into
                                                                    estimating the ECL allowance with reference
       account the ageing of trade receivable balances
                                                                    to HKFRS 9;
       and the repayment history of the Group’s
       customers.                                             •     assessing the accuracy and reliability of
                                                                    the key parameters used for the estimated
                                                                    ECL rates by examining, on a sample basis,
                                                                    the historical collection data and whether
                                                                    items were correctly categorised in the trade
                                                                    receivables ageing report by comparing
                                                                    individual items therein with sales invoices and
                                                                    other relevant underlying documentation; and




108   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key audit matters - continued

 Loss allowances for trade receivables
 Refer to Note 38(a) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 132 to 134.
 The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit
 We identified the ECL allowance for trade               •    re-performing the calculation of the ECL
 receivables as a key audit matter because of the             allowance as at December 31, 2023 based on
 significance of the balance to the consolidated              the Group’s credit loss allowance policies and
 financial statements and the assessment of                   method.
 the ECL allowance is inherently subjective and
 requires the exercise of significant management
 judgement.

 Fair value measurement for investments with no quoted market prices in active markets
 Refer to Note 38(e) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 126 to 127.
 The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit
 The Group made unlisted investments in a wide           Our audit procedures to assess the fair value of
 variety of companies in healthcare sector to            investments with no quoted market prices in active
 broaden the access to potential research and            markets included the followings:
 development collaboration opportunities.
                                                         •    obtaining an understanding of and assessing
 Those unlisted investments are accounted for as              the design and implementation of key internal
 financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        control relating to fair value measurement for
 (“FVPL”) or financial assets at fair value through           unlisted investments with no quoted market
 other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) under                   prices on active markets;
 HKFRS 9, Financial Instruments. At December
                                                         •    obtaining and inspecting the valuation
 31, 2023, the fair value of unlisted investments
                                                              assessment prepared by the external valuers
 with no quoted market prices in active markets is
                                                              engaged by the management and on which the
 RMB438,982,000, which were classified under the
                                                              assessment of the fair values of the Group’s
 fair value hierarchy as level 3.
                                                              unlisted investments was based;
 The fair value of these unlisted investments with
                                                         •    assessing the external valuers’ qualifications,
 no quoted market prices in active markets are
                                                              experience and expertise in the assets being
 determined based on valuation techniques which
                                                              valued and considering their objectivity;
 require significant unobservable inputs.
                                                         •    with the assistance of our internal valuation
 We identified the fair value measurement for these
                                                              specialists, on a sample basis, discussing with
 investments at reporting date as a key audit matter
                                                              the external valuers, without the presence of
 because judgement and estimation are required in
                                                              management, and assessing their valuation
 establishing the relevant valuation techniques and
                                                              methodologies in estimating the fair values
 the relevant inputs thereof.
                                                              of unlisted investments; assessing the key
                                                              assumptions and critical judgements adopted
                                                              and significant unobservable inputs used
                                                              which impacted the valuation by comparing
                                                              them with market data; and

                                                         •    assessing the reasonableness of the
                                                              disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                              statements with reference to the requirements
                                                              of the prevailing accounting standards.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   109
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      Information other than the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s
      report thereon

      The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the
      information included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our
      auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
      other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
      the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
      materially misstated.

      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
      information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


      Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements

      The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
      and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
      and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
      consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
      ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
      the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
      operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
      Group’s financial reporting process.


      Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
      as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
      report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section
      405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
      towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
      accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
      can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
      could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
      consolidated financial statements.




110   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements -
continued

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
     whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
     obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
     of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
     error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or the
     override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
     that are appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
     effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
     estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
     and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
     or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
     If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
     report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
     inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
     date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to
     continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
     including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
     underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
     business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
     We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain
     solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters
that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to
eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   111
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements -
      continued

      From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of
      most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
      therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
      precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
      a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
      reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Fung Ping Kwong.




      Certified Public Accountants
      8th Floor, Prince’s Building
      10 Chater Road
      Central, Hong Kong

      March 20, 2024




112   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                   NOTE                 2023              2022
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                     (restated)
                                                                                                     (Note 39)
 Revenue                                                             4             6,607,805         6,324,082
 Cost of sales                                                                    (1,623,652)       (1,327,404)

 Gross profit                                                                      4,984,153         4,996,678
 Other income                                                       5(a)             166,221           172,814
 Other net (loss)/gain                                              5(b)             (20,636)          254,264
 Research and development costs                                                   (1,563,138)       (1,728,283)
 Selling and distribution expenses                                                (2,356,386)       (2,402,764)
 Administrative and other operating expenses                                        (499,279)         (446,076)
 Reversal of impairment loss on
   trade and other receivables                                                           867            13,972

 Profit from operations                                                              711,802           860,605

 Finance income                                                     6(a)              54,960            59,867
 Finance costs                                                      6(a)             (34,568)          (34,408)

 Net finance income                                                                   20,392            25,459

 Share of profits of associates                                      16                5,823               115
 Share of profits of joint ventures                                  17                2,021                 75

 Profit before taxation                                              6               740,038           886,254
 Income tax                                                           7              (26,088)           40,478

 Profit for the year                                                                 713,950           926,732

 Attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company                                                  714,761           930,868
 Non-controlling interest                                                               (811)            (4,136)

 Profit for the year                                                                 713,950           926,732

 Earnings per share                                                  11
 Basic (RMB)                                                                            0.27               0.36

 Diluted (RMB)                                                                          0.27               0.36




The notes on pages 121 to 229 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to
equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in Note 35(b).

                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023   113
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      For the year ended December 31, 2023
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                       NOTE       2023         2022
                                                                               RMB’000    RMB’000
                                                                                          (restated)
                                                                                          (Note 39)
       Profit for the year                                                     713,950      926,732

       Other comprehensive income for the year (after tax
         adjustments)                                                   10
       Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
       Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
         income (FVOCI) - net movement in fair value reserves
         (non-recycling), net of tax                                            31,045     (156,346)
       Exchange difference on translation of company level financial
         statements                                                             36,306      142,973

       Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:
       Exchange difference on translation of financial statements of
         overseas subsidiaries                                                  10,109       33,840

       Other comprehensive income for the year                                  77,460       20,467

       Total comprehensive income for the year                                 791,410      947,199

       Attributable to:
       Equity shareholders of the Company                                      792,221      951,335
       Non-controlling interest                                                   (811)      (4,136)

       Total comprehensive income for the year                                 791,410      947,199




      The notes on pages 121 to 229 form part of these financial statements.


114   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                 (Expressed in Renminbi)



                                                                         December 31,    December 31,
                                                                 NOTE           2023             2022
                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                            (restated)
                                                                                             (Note 39)
 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                    12        2,170,339         2,138,952
 Intangible assets                                                13          715,786           379,896
 Goodwill                                                         14          142,474           172,788
 Interest in associates                                           16           52,502             4,978
 Interest in joint ventures                                       17           98,069             4,477
 Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                      24          188,954            97,470
 Financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                     18          174,267           137,774
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            19        1,254,331         2,056,700
 Loan to a third party                                            20          100,326                —
 Time deposits                                                   25(c)            673            10,752
 Deferred tax assets                                             30(b)        317,002           326,713

                                                                            5,214,723         5,330,500

 Current assets
 Inventories                                                      21          614,562           304,780
 Contract assets                                                  22           13,000                —
 Trade and bills receivables                                      23        2,631,645         2,338,830
 Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                      24          286,777           165,860
 Taxation recoverable                                            30(a)             —              6,506
 Pledged deposits                                                25(b)         52,513               560
 Restricted deposits                                             25(b)         22,148            19,378
 Time deposits                                                   25(c)         11,137           964,226
 Cash and cash equivalents                                       25(a)      2,007,162         1,658,312

                                                                            5,638,944         5,458,452

 Current liabilities
 Bank loans                                                       26        1,015,133         1,292,067
 Lease liabilities                                                27           79,848            58,756
 Trade and bills payables                                         28          317,218           335,433
 Other payables and accruals                                      29        1,229,812         1,269,800
 Taxation payable                                                30(a)         17,899            10,562
 Provisions                                                       31           25,990                —

                                                                            2,685,900         2,966,618

 Net current assets                                                         2,953,044         2,491,834

 Total assets less current liabilities                                      8,167,767         7,822,334


The notes on pages 121 to 229 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   115
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
      (Expressed in Renminbi)



                                                                               December 31,      December 31,
                                                                       NOTE           2023               2022
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                    (restated)
                                                                                                     (Note 39)
       Non-current liabilities
       Bank loans                                                       26             205,846             —
       Lease liabilities                                                27             128,397        155,921
       Deferred income                                                  32             393,112        403,350
       Deferred tax liabilities                                        30(b)           102,676        115,291
       Other non-current liability                                      33             115,000             —

                                                                                       945,031        674,562

       NET ASSETS                                                                  7,222,736         7,147,772

       CAPITAL AND RESERVES
       Share capital                                                    35         3,173,805         3,081,131
       Reserves                                                         35         4,048,931         4,050,579

       Total equity attributable to equity shareholders
         of the Company                                                            7,222,736         7,131,710
       Non-controlling interest                                                           —             16,062

       TOTAL EQUITY                                                                7,222,736         7,147,772


      Approved and authorized for issue by the board of directors on March 20, 2024.




                          Ren Jinsheng                                         Wan Yushan
                                Directors                                       Directors




      The notes on pages 121 to 229 form part of these financial statements.


116   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                                  Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                       Fair value
                                                                                            PRC                          reserve                                       Non-
                                                             Share      Other          statutory       Exchange            (non-       Retained                   controlling       Total
                                              NOTE          capital    reserve          reserve          reserve        recycling)       profits        Total        interest      equity
                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
 Balance at January 1, 2022,
   as previously reported                                 3,002,871    123,653          692,195         (121,141)        137,450       2,601,969    6,436,997         25,760    6,462,757
 Adjustments arising from adoption of
   merger accounting                           2(b)              —       9,730                —               —                —          (2,881)       6,849              —        6,849

 Balance at January 1, 2022, as restated                  3,002,871    133,383          692,195         (121,141)        137,450       2,599,088    6,443,846         25,760    6,469,606

 Changes in equity for 2022:
 Profit for the year, as restated                                —          —                 —               —                —        930,868      930,868          (4,136)    926,732
 Other comprehensive income                     10               —          —                 —          176,813        (156,346)             —       20,467               —      20,467

 Total comprehensive income                                      —          —                 —          176,813        (156,346)       930,868      951,335          (4,136)    947,199

 Appropriation of reserve                    35(d)(ii)           —          —             82,193              —                —         (82,193)          —               —           —
 Acquisition of non-controlling interest                         —     (10,465)               —               —                —              —       (10,465)        (5,562)     (16,027)
 Equity settled share-based transactions        34               —     138,290                —               —                —              —      138,290               —     138,290
 Vesting of restricted shares                35(c)(i)       78,260     (78,260)               —               —                —              —            —               —           —
 Appropriation of dividends                   35(b)              —          —                 —               —                —        (391,296)    (391,296)             —     (391,296)

 Balance at December 31, 2022, as restated                3,081,131    182,948          774,388           55,672          (18,896)     3,056,467    7,131,710         16,062    7,147,772




The notes on pages 121 to 229 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023          117
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
      For the year ended December 31, 2023
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                                       Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                           Fair value
                                                                                                 PRC                          reserve                                      Non-
                                                                  Share      Other          statutory       Exchange            (non-       Retained                 controlling       Total
                                                    NOTE         capital   reserve            reserve         reserve       recycling)        profits       Total       interest      equity
                                                               RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
       Balance at January 1, 2023, as restated                 3,081,131   182,948           774,388           55,672         (18,896)      3,056,467   7,131,710        16,062    7,147,772


       Changes in equity for 2023:
       Profit for the year                                            —          —                 —               —               —         714,761     714,761           (811)    713,950
       Other comprehensive income                     10              —          —                 —           46,415          31,045              —      77,460             —       77,460

       Total comprehensive income                                     —          —                 —           46,415          31,045        714,761     792,221           (811)    791,410

       Consideration for acquisition of Nanjing
         Jiayuantang Biotechnology Co., Ltd.         2(b)             —      (5,023)               —               —               —               —       (5,023)           —        (5,023)
       Appropriation of reserve                    35(d)(ii)          —          —           190,620               —               —        (190,620)          —             —            —
       Equity settled share-based transactions        34              —     12,119                 —               —               —               —      12,119             —       12,119
       Vesting of restricted shares                35(c)(i)      92,674     (92,674)               —               —               —               —           —             —            —
       Disposal of interest in subsidiaries with
         non-controlling interest                                     —          —                 —               —               —               —           —        (15,251)     (15,251)
       Purchase of own shares                      35(c)(ii)          —          —                 —               —               —        (289,073)   (289,073)            —     (289,073)
       Appropriation of dividends                   35(b)             —          —                 —               —               —        (419,218)   (419,218)            —     (419,218)

       Balance at December 31, 2023                            3,173,805    97,370           965,008          102,087          12,149       2,872,317   7,222,736            —     7,222,736




      The notes on pages 121 to 229 form part of these financial statements.


118   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                                   (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                  NOTE             2023              2022
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                (restated)
                                                                                                (Note 39)
 Operating activities
 Cash generated from operations                                   25(d)         161,231         1,347,003
 Tax (paid)/refund                                                30(a)         (10,183)            7,096

 Net cash generated from operating activities                                   151,048         1,354,099

 Investing activities


 Payment for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment                  (483,182)         (342,815)
 Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                        118,314               273
 Payment for the acquisition of intangible assets                              (496,673)         (335,190)
 Payment for acquisition of financial assets measured at
   fair value through other comprehensive income                                     —            (30,000)
 Dividends received from financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                               206,261           195,928
 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets measured at
   fair value through profit or loss                                             49,757           124,287
 Payment for acquisition of financial assets measured at
   fair value through profit or loss                                            (68,485)         (271,106)
 Proceeds from redemption of time deposits                                      899,340           700,000
 Increase in pledged deposits                                                   (51,953)                —
 Payment for acquisition of interest in joint ventures                          (47,320)
 Payment for acquisition of interest in associates                              (40,000)                —
 Payment for deposits for investment                                                 —            (43,680)
 Proceeds from disposal of interest in subsidiaries                             993,520                 —
 New loan to a third party                                                     (100,000)                —
 Interest received                                                              108,228            70,609

 Net cash generated from investing activities                                 1,087,807            68,306




The notes on pages 121 to 229 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   119
      CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
      For the year ended December 31, 2023
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                       NOTE         2023          2022
                                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                             (restated)
                                                                                              (Note 39)
       Financing activities
       Capital element of lease rentals paid                           25(e)      (82,386)      (49,146)
       Interest element of lease rentals paid                          25(e)       (7,513)       (6,754)
       Proceeds from new bank loans                                    25(e)   1,215,743       916,932
       Repayment of bank loans                                         25(e)   (1,284,428)   (1,184,161)
       Interest paid                                                   25(e)      (27,959)      (23,229)
       Payment for purchase of own shares                              35(c)    (289,073)            —
       Acquisition of non-controlling interest                                         —        (16,027)
       Dividends paid to equity shareholders of the Company            35(b)    (419,218)     (391,296)

       Net cash used in financing activities                                    (894,834)     (753,681)

       Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                 344,021       668,724


       Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year          25(a)   1,658,312       974,464


       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                     4,829        15,124

       Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                25(a)   2,007,162     1,658,312




      The notes on pages 121 to 229 form part of these financial statements.


120   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


1   General information

    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Hong Kong on
    November 30, 2015 as a limited liability company with its registered office at Room 703, 7/F, Block
    20E, Hong Kong Science Park Phase 3, Pak Shek Kok, New Territories, Hong Kong. The Company’s
    shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on October 27,
    2020. The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (together,
    “the Group”) are principally engaged in the research and development, manufacturing and sales of
    pharmaceutical products as well as rendering promotion service of pharmaceutical products that are
    not manufactured by the Group.


2   Material accounting policies

    (a)   Statement of compliance

          These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong
          Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) which collective term includes all applicable
          individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards
          (“HKAS”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
          (“HKICPA”) and the requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial
          statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the
          Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Material accounting policies
          adopted by the Group are disclosed below.

          The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective or available for
          early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information
          on any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments
          to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current accounting periods reflected in
          these financial statements.


    (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements

          The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023
          comprise the Company and its subsidiaries and the Group’s interest in associates and joint
          ventures.

          The measurement basis used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements is the
          historical cost basis except that the certain assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as
          explained in the accounting policies as set out below.

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management
          to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and
          reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated
          assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed
          to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the
          judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
          other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   121
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    Material accounting policies - continued

           (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements - continued

                 The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
                 accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
                 affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects
                 both current and future periods.

                 Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on
                 the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 3.

                 In November 2023, the Group agreed to acquire the entire equity interest of Nanjing Jiayuantang
                 Biotechnology Co., Ltd., which is principally engaged in manufacturing and sales of healthcare
                 products in the PRC, from Jiangsu Xianhui Pharmaceutical Research and Development Co., Ltd.
                 at a consideration of RMB5,022,600. The acquisition was completed on November 17, 2023.

                 Upon completion of the acquisition, Nanjing Jiayuantang Biotechnology Co., Ltd. and its
                 subsidiary (together, “Nanjing Jiayuantang Group”) became subsidiaries of the Group. As
                 Nanjing Jiayuantang Group and the Group was ultimately controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng
                 before and after the business combination and the control is not transitory, the acquisition of
                 Nanjing Jiayuantang Group was considered as a business combination involving entities under
                 common control, and Accounting Guideline 5 (“AG5”), Merger Accounting for Common Control
                 Combinations, issued by HKICPA has been applied.

                 The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been therefore prepared using the
                 merger basis of accounting as if the current group structure had been in existence throughout
                 the periods presented. The net assets of Nanjing Jiayuantang Group have been consolidated
                 using the existing book values from the perspective of ultimate controlling party. Comparative
                 amounts in the consolidated financial statements are presented as if the entities or businesses
                 had been combined at the beginning of the comparative period unless the combining entities or
                 businesses first came under common control at a later date.

                 The consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss
                 and other comprehensive income include the results of combining entities or businesses from
                 the earliest date presented or since the date when the combining entities or businesses first
                 came under the common control, where this is a shorter period, regardless of the date of the
                 common control combination. The consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated
                 statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income also take into account the profit
                 or loss attributable to the non-controlling interest recorded in the consolidated financial
                 statements of the controlling party. The effects of all transactions between the combining
                 entities or businesses, whether occurring before or after the common combination, are
                 eliminated. The opening balance at January 1, 2022 have been restated, with consequential
                 adjustments to comparatives for the year ended December 31, 2022 (see Note 39).

                 A uniform set of accounting policies is adopted when preparing the consolidated financial
                 statements. The details of the restated balances have been disclosed in Note 39 to these
                 financial statements.


122   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   Material accounting policies - continued

    (c)   Changes in accounting policies

          The HKICPA has issued the following new and amended HKFRSs that are first effective for the
          current accounting period of the Group:

          •    HKFRS 17, Insurance contracts

          •    Amendments to HKAS 8, Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors:
               Definition of accounting estimates

          •    Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and HKFRS Practice Statement
               2, Making materiality judgements: Disclosure of accounting policies

          •    Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising
               from a single transaction

          •    Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: International tax reform — Pillar Two model rules

          In July 2023, the HKICPA published “Accounting implications of the abolition of the MPF-LSP
          offsetting mechanism in Hong Kong” that provides guidance on the accounting considerations
          relating to the offsetting mechanism and the abolition of the mechanism.

          Apart from the impacts of the adoption of the amended HKFRSs discussed below, none of these
          developments have had a material effect on how the Group’s results and financial position for
          the current or prior periods have been prepared or presented. The Group has not applied any
          new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.


          Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and HKFRS Practice Statement 2,
          Making materiality judgements: Disclosure of accounting policies

          The amendments require entities to disclose material accounting policy information and provide
          guidance on applying the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosure. The Group has
          revisited the accounting policy information it has been disclosing and considered it is consistent
          with the amendments.


          Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a
          single transaction

          The amendments narrow the scope of the initial recognition exemption such that it does not
          apply to transactions that give rise to equal and offsetting temporary differences on initial
          recognition such as leases and decommissioning liabilities. For leases and decommissioning
          liabilities, the associated deferred tax assets and liabilities are required to be recognized
          from the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented, with any cumulative effect
          recognized as an adjustment to retained earnings or other components of equity at that date. For
          all other transactions, the amendments are applied to those transactions that occur after the
          beginning of the earliest period presented.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023   123
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    Material accounting policies - continued

           (c)   Changes in accounting policies - continued

                 Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a
                 single transaction - continued

                 Prior to the amendments, the Group did not apply the initial recognition exemption to lease
                 transactions and had recognized the related deferred tax, except that the Group previously
                 determined the temporary difference arising from a right-of-use asset and the related
                 lease liability on a net basis on the basis they arise from a single transaction. Following the
                 amendments, the Group has determined the temporary differences in relation to right-of-use
                 assets and lease liabilities separately. The change primarily impacts disclosures of components
                 of deferred tax assets and liabilities in Note 30(b), but does not impact the overall deferred tax
                 balances presented in the consolidated statement of financial position as the related deferred
                 tax balances qualify for offsetting under HKAS 12.


           (d)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interest

                 Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is
                 exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the
                 ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of
                 subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date on which
                 control commences until the date on which control ceases.

                 Inter-group balances and transactions, and any unrealized income and expenses (except
                 for foreign currency transaction gains or losses) arising from intra-group transactions are
                 eliminated. Unrealized losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the
                 same way as unrealized gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

                 For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interest
                 (“NCI”) either at fair value or at the NCI’s proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable
                 assets. NCI is presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity,
                 separately from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. NCI in the results
                 of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the
                 consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of
                 the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between NCI and the equity
                 shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of NCI and other contractual obligations
                 towards these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of
                 financial position in accordance with Notes 2(p) or (q) depending on the nature of the liability.

                 Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are
                 accounted for as equity transactions.




124   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                          (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   Material accounting policies - continued

    (d)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interest - continued

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognizes the assets and liabilities of the
          subsidiary, and any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is
          recognized in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary is measured at fair
          value when control is lost.

          In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost
          less impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)), unless is classified as held for sale (or included in a
          disposal group that is classified as held for sale).


    (e)   Associates and joint ventures

          An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint
          control, over the financial and operating policies. A joint venture is an arrangement in which the
          Group has joint control, whereby the Group has the rights to the net assets of the arrangement,
          rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.

          An interest in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method, unless it
          is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group classified as held for sale), or it does
          not in substance currently give access to the returns associated with an ownership interest in an
          associate or a joint venture (see Note 2(g)). They are initially recognized at cost, which includes
          transaction costs. Subsequently, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s
          share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income (“OCI”) of those investees, until the
          date on which significant influence or joint control ceases.

          When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the
          Group’s interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the
          extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf
          of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment
          under the equity method, together with any other long-term interests that in substance form
          part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture.

          Unrealized gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated
          against the investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealized losses are
          eliminated in the same way as unrealized gains, but only to the extent there is no evidence of an
          impairment.


    (f)   Goodwill

          Goodwill arising on acquisition of businesses is measured at cost less accumulated impairment
          losses and is tested annually for impairment (see Note 2(k)(ii)).




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023    125
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    Material accounting policies - continued

           (g)   Other investments in securities

                 The Group’s policies for investments in securities, other than investments in subsidiaries,
                 interest in associates and joint ventures accounted for using the equity method, are set out
                 below.

                 Investments in securities are recognized/derecognized on the date the Group commits to
                 purchase/sell the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus directly
                 attributable transaction costs, except for those investments measured at fair value through
                 profit or loss (“FVPL”) for which transaction costs are recognized directly in profit or loss. For
                 an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see Note 38(e).
                 These investments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.


                 (i)   Non-equity investments

                       Non-equity investments are classified into one of the following measurement categories:

                       —    amortized cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows
                            which represent solely payments of principal and interest. Expected credit losses,
                            interest income calculated using the effective interest method (see Note 2(u)(ii)(c)),
                            foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on
                            derecognition is recognized in profit or loss.

                       —    FVOCI – recycling, if the contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely
                            payments of principal and interest and the investment is held within a business model
                            whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and
                            sale. Expected credit losses, interest income (calculated using the effective interest
                            method) and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss and
                            computed in the same manner as if the financial asset was measured at amortised
                            cost. The difference between the fair value and the amortised cost is recognized in
                            OCI. When the investment is derecognized, the amount accumulated in OCI is recycled
                            from equity to profit or loss.

                       —    FVPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortized
                            cost or FVOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including
                            interest) are recognized in profit or loss.




126   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   Material accounting policies - continued

    (g)   Other investments in securities - continued

          (ii)   Equity investments

                 An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL, unless the investment is not held
                 for trading purposes and on initial recognition the Group makes an irrevocable election to
                 designate the investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair
                 value are recognized in OCI. Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument
                 basis, but may only be made if the investment meets the definition of equity from the
                 issuer’s perspective. If such an election is made for a particular investment, at the time of
                 disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to
                 retained earnings and not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in
                 equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognized in
                 profit or loss as other net gain (see Note 2(u)(ii)(b)).

    (h)   Property, plant and equipment

          The following items of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, which includes
          capitalized borrowing costs, less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment
          losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)):

          —      right-of-use assets arising from leasehold properties where the Group is not the registered
                 owner of the property interest; and

          —      items of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of
                 underlying plant and equipment (see Note 2(j)).

          If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then
          they are accounted for as separate items (major components).

          Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in profit
          or loss.

          Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of property, plant and equipment, less their
          estimated residual values, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives,
          and is generally recognized in profit or loss.

          The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

                                                                                      Estimated useful life
            Leasehold land (see Note 2(j))                                       over the period of leases
            Plant and buildings                                      10–20 years or unexpired lease terms
            Machinery and equipment                                                            3–10 years
            Furniture, fixtures and office equipment                                            3–5 years
            Motor vehicles                                                                     5–10 years

          Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and
          adjusted if appropriate.



                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   127
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    Material accounting policies - continued

           (h)   Property, plant and equipment - continued

                 Construction in progress represents properties under construction and machinery and
                 equipment pending installation and is stated at cost (which is, in the case of assets acquired in
                 a business combination, the acquisition date fair value) less impairment losses (see Note 2(k)
                 (ii)). Cost comprises the purchase costs of the asset and the related construction and installation
                 costs.

                 Construction in progress is transferred to property, plant and equipment when the asset is ready
                 for its intended use and depreciation will be provided at the appropriate rates in accordance with
                 the depreciation polices specified above.

                 No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress.


           (i)   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

                 (i)    Research and development expenditures

                        Expenditure on research activities is recognized in profit or loss as incurred. Development
                        expenditure is capitalized only if the expenditure can be measured reliably, the product or
                        process is technically and commercially feasible, future economic benefits are probable
                        and the Group intends to and has sufficient resources and the intention to complete
                        development and to use or sell the resulting asset. Otherwise, it is recognized in profit or
                        loss as incurred. Capitalized development expenditure is subsequently measured at cost
                        less accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses.

                 (ii)   Intangible assets acquired through business combination

                        The developed technology, Good Supply Practice (“GSP”) licenses and product trademarks
                        of the Group are associated with different products arising from various business
                        combination and acquisitions from third parties. These intangible assets have finite
                        useful lives are measured at cost less accumulated amortization and any accumulated
                        impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)).

                        Amortization is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated
                        residual values using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, if any, and
                        is generally recognized in profit or loss.

                        The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

                                                                                             Estimated useful life
                          Developed technology                                                         10-16 years
                          Good Supply Practice (“GSP”) licenses                                           3-5 years
                          Product trademarks                                                            6-10 years




128   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                     Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                         (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   Material accounting policies - continued

    (i)   Intangible assets (other than goodwill) - continued

          (ii)    Intangible assets acquired through business combination - continued

                  The useful lives of developed technology and product trademarks are estimated based on
                  the remaining period of economic benefits to be derived from the respective products to
                  be produced relying on the acquired developed technology and product trademarks. The
                  Group estimates the period of economic benefits to be derived from the respective products
                  based on the expected time period required for a pharmaceutical drug development from
                  its discovery to commercialization and other factors, including the patent protection period,
                  the historical life of similar products, the characteristics of such technologies, their update
                  frequency and market requirement and competition.

                  The Group considers that the maximum economic useful life of developed technology
                  and product trademarks held by the Group is 16 years and 10 years, respectively. As the
                  different products have different commercialization commencement dates, acquisition
                  dates by the Group and the expected lifespan of economic benefits, the useful life of the
                  Group’s developed technology and product trademarks varies at a range of 10 - 16 and
                  6 - 10 years, respectively. The useful lives of GSP licenses are estimated based on the
                  remaining valid period of the GSP licenses.

          (iii)   Exclusive commercialization rights and in-licensed rights

                  The exclusive commercialization rights and in-licensed rights are associated with different
                  innovative drugs under development, and they either arise from collaboration arrangement
                  with third parties or are otherwise separately acquired from third parties.

                  The consideration for such rights may include non-refundable upfront payments and
                  variable payments such as development-based milestone payments, sales-based
                  milestone payments and royalty payments. Non-refundable upfront payments are
                  capitalized. Variable payments based on period activity or usage of the underlying
                  intellectual property after the related intangible assets are available for use are expensed
                  when incurred. Other variable payments, such as development-based milestone payments,
                  generally relate to the cost of the related intangible assets and would bring in probable
                  future economic benefits, they are added to the carrying amount of the related intangible
                  assets.

                  The amortization of exclusive commercialization rights and in-licensed rights will
                  commence when these rights are available for use.

                  When intangible assets are not available for use, they are not be amortized but tested for
                  impairment annually either individually or at the cash generating unit level. Intangible
                  assets are not amortized while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. Any
                  conclusion that the useful life of an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to
                  determine whether events and circumstances continue to support the indefinite useful life
                  assessment for that asset. If they do not, the change in the useful life assessment from
                  indefinite to finite is accounted for prospectively from the date of change and in accordance
                  with the policy for amortization of intangible assets with finite lives as set out above.

                  Amortization methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date
                  and adjusted if appropriate.


                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023   129
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    Material accounting policies - continued

           (j)   Leased assets

                 At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. This
                 is the case if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period
                 of time in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right
                 to direct the use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits
                 from that use.


                 (i)   As a lessee

                       Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group
                       has elected not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component
                       and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.

                       At the lease commencement date, the Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease
                       liability, except for leases that have a short lease term of 12 months or less, and leases of
                       low-value items such as laptops and office furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in
                       respect of a low-value item, the Group decides whether to capitalize the lease on a lease-
                       by-lease basis. If not capitalized, the associated lease payments are recognized in profit or
                       loss on a systematic basis over the lease term.

                       Where the lease is capitalized, the lease liability is initially recognized at the present
                       value of the lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest
                       rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant
                       incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at
                       amortised cost and interest expense is recognized using the effective interest method.
                       Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the
                       measurement of the lease liability, and are charged to profit or loss as incurred.

                       The right-of-use asset recognized when a lease is capitalized is initially measured at cost,
                       which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments
                       made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an
                       estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying
                       asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use
                       asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
                       (see Notes 2(h) and 2(k)(ii)).

                       Refundable rental deposits are accounted for separately from the right-of-use assets in
                       accordance with the accounting policy applicable to investments in non-equity securities
                       carried at amortized cost (see Notes 2(g)(i) and 2(k)(i)). Any excess of the nominal value over
                       the initial fair value of the deposits is accounted for as additional lease payments made and
                       is included in the cost of right-of-use assets.




130   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                         (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   Material accounting policies - continued

    (j)   Leased assets - continued

          (i)    As a lessee - continued

                 The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising
                 from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the
                 amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes
                 its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.
                 When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to
                 the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying
                 amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

                 The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a
                 change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided
                 for in the lease contract, if such modification is not accounted for as a separate lease.
                 In this case, the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and
                 lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification. The only
                 exceptions are rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the COVID-19
                 pandemic and met the conditions set out in paragraph 46B of HKFRS 16 Leases. In such
                 cases, the Group has taken advantage of the practical expedient not to assess whether
                 the rent concessions are lease modifications, and recognized the change in consideration
                 as negative variable lease payments in profit or loss in the period in which the event or
                 condition that triggers the rent concessions occurred.

                 In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease
                 liabilities is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be
                 settled within twelve months after the reporting period.

                 The Group presents right-of-use assets in ‘property, plant and equipment’ and presents
                 ‘lease liabilities’ separately in the consolidated statement of financial position.


          (ii)   As a lessor

                 The Group determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an
                 operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all
                 the risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee.
                 Otherwise, the lease is classified as an operating lease.

                 When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the
                 consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price
                 basis. The rental income from operating leases is recognized in accordance with Note
                 2(u)(ii)(a).




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   131
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    Material accounting policies - continued

           (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets

                 (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets

                       The Group recognizes a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”s) on financial
                       assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, trade and other
                       receivables and loans to a third party) and contract assets (see Note 2(m)).


                       Measurement of ECLs

                       ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Generally, credit losses are
                       measured as the present value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and
                       expected amounts.

                       The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following rates if the effect is
                       material:

                       —    fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective
                            interest rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof; and

                       —    variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate.

                       The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period
                       over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                       ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                       —    12-month ECLs: these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that
                            are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the
                            expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months); and

                       —    lifetime ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the
                            expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

                       The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the
                       following, which are measured at 12-months ECLs:

                       —    financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date;
                            and

                       —    other financial instruments for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over
                            the expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since
                            initial recognition.

                       Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime
                       ECLs.




132   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   Material accounting policies - continued

    (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets - continued

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets - continued

                Significant increases in credit risk

                When determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased
                significantly since initial recognition and when measuring ECLs, the Group considers
                reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost
                or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on
                the Group’s historical experience and informed credit assessment, that includes forward-
                looking information.

                The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it
                is more than 3 months past due.

                The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:

                —    the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse
                     by the Group to actions such as realizing security (if any is held); or

                —    the financial asset is 12 months past due.

                ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial
                instrument’s credit risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is
                recognized as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. The Group recognizes an
                impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to
                their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

                Credit-impaired financial assets

                At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A
                financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact
                on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                —    significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                —    a breach of contract, such as a default or being more than 12 months past due;

                —    the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not
                     consider otherwise;

                —    it is probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
                     or

                —    the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of
                     the issuer.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   133
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    Material accounting policies - continued

           (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets - continued

                 (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets - continued

                        Write-off policy

                        The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off to the extent that there is
                        no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group otherwise
                        determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate
                        sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                        Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognized as a
                        reversal of impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.


                 (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets

                        At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets
                        (other than property carried at revalued amounts, investment property, inventories and
                        other contract costs, contract assets and deferred tax assets) to determine whether there
                        is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable
                        amount is estimated. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment.

                        For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets
                        that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash
                        inflows of other assets or cash-generating units (“CGU”s). Goodwill arising from a business
                        combination is allocated to CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the
                        synergies of the combination.

                        The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair
                        value less costs of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows,
                        discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
                        assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.

                        An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its
                        recoverable amount.

                        Impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the
                        carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying
                        amounts of the other assets in the CGU on a pro rata basis.

                        An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment
                        loss is reversed only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the
                        carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if
                        no impairment loss had been recognized.




134   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   Material accounting policies - continued

    (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets - continued

          (iii)   Interim financial reporting and impairment

                  Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                  Limited, the Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with
                  HKAS 34, Interim financial reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial
                  year. At the end of the interim period, the Group applies the same impairment testing,
                  recognition, and reversal criteria as it would at the end of the financial year (see Notes
                  2(k)(i) and (ii)).

                  Impairment losses recognized in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed
                  in a subsequent period. This is the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been
                  recognized had the impairment been assessed only at the end of the financial year to which
                  the interim period relates.


    (l)   Inventories

          Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value.

          Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase,
          costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location
          and condition. In the case of work in progress, costs include direct labor and appropriate share
          of overheads based on normal operating capacity.

          Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
          estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


    (m) Contract assets and contract liabilities

          A contract asset is recognized when the Group recognizes revenue (see Note 2(u)(i)) before being
          unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract.
          Contract assets are assessed for ECLs (see Note 2(k)(i)) and are reclassified to receivables when
          the right to the consideration has become unconditional (see Note 2(n)).

          A contract liability is recognized when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before
          the Group recognizes the related revenue (see Note 2(u)(i)). A contract liability is also recognized
          if the Group has an unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the
          Group recognizes the related revenue. In such latter cases, a corresponding receivable is also
          recognized (see Note 2(n)).




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   135
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    Material accounting policies - continued

           (n)   Trade and other receivables

                 A receivable is recognized when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration
                 and only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

                 Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured
                 at their transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and
                 other receivables are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are
                 subsequently stated at amortised cost (see Note 2(k)(i)).


           (o)   Cash and cash equivalents

                 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks
                 and other financial institutions, and other short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily
                 convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes
                 in value, having been within three months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents
                 are assessed for ECL (see Note 2(k)(i)).


           (p)   Interest-bearing borrowings

                 Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs.
                 Subsequently, these borrowings are stated at amortized cost using the effective interest
                 method. Interest expense is recognized in accordance with Note 2(w).


           (q)   Trade and other payables

                 Trade and other payables are initially recognized at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition,
                 trade and other payables are stated at amortized cost unless the effect of discounting would be
                 immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amount.


           (r)   Employee benefits

                 (i)   Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans

                       Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability
                       is recognized for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or
                       constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the
                       employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

                       Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as
                       the related service is provided. Contributions to local retirement schemes pursuant to the
                       relevant labor rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Group’s subsidiaries
                       located are recognized as an expense in profit or loss as incurred, except to the extent that
                       they are included in the cost of inventories not yet recognized as an expense.




136   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                     Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                         (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   Material accounting policies - continued

    (r)   Employee benefits - continued

          (ii)    Share-based payments

                  Restricted shares

                  The grant-date fair value of equity-settled share-based payment awards (i.e. restricted
                  shares) granted to employees is recognized as an employee cost with a corresponding
                  increase in other reserve within equity. The fair value of the restricted shares is
                  measured at grant date by reference to the market price or the valuer’s valuation of the
                  underlying shares. Where the employees have to meet vesting conditions before becoming
                  unconditionally entitled to the restricted shares, the total estimated fair value of the
                  restricted shares is spread over the vesting period, taking into account the probability that
                  the restricted shares will vest. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect
                  the number of awards for which the related vesting conditions are expected to be met, such
                  that the amount ultimately recognized is based on the number of awards that meet the
                  related vesting conditions at the vesting date.

          (iii)   Termination benefits

                  Termination benefits are expensed at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw
                  the offer of those benefits and when the Group recognizes costs for a restructuring.

    (s)   Income tax

          Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognized in profit or loss
          except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognized directly in
          equity or in OCI.

          Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for
          the year and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The
          amount of current tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to
          be paid or received that reflects any uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax
          rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax
          arising from dividends.

          Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

          Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts
          of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation
          purposes. Deferred tax is not recognized for:

          —       temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that
                  is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss
                  and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;

          —       temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
                  to the extent that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary
                  differences and it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;

                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023   137
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    Material accounting policies - continued

           (s)   Income tax - continued

                 —     taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and

                 —     those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                       to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organization for Economic Co-
                       operation and Development.

                 The Group recognized deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities separately in relation to its
                 lease liabilities and right-of-use assets.

                 Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible
                 temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
                 against which they can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal
                 of relevant taxable temporary differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is
                 insufficient to recognize a deferred tax asset in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for
                 reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered, based on the business plans for
                 individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and
                 are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized;
                 such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.

                 The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
                 manner in which the Group expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying
                 amount of its assets and liabilities.

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.


           (t)   Provisions and contingent liabilities

                 Generally provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax
                 rate that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific
                 to the liability.

                 Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount
                 cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the
                 probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence
                 will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are
                 also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
                 remote.

                 Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed
                 by another party, a separate asset is recognized for any expected reimbursement that would
                 be virtually certain. The amount recognized for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying
                 amount of the provision.




138   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   Material accounting policies - continued

    (u)   Revenue and other income

          Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision
          of services or the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the
          Group’s business.

          Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

          (i)   Revenue from contracts with customers

                Revenue is recognized when control over a product or service is transferred to the
                customer at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be
                entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties such as value added
                tax or other sales taxes.

                (a)   Sale of pharmaceutical products

                      The Group enters into framework distribution agreements with all distributors which
                      specify the terms of sales relating to pricing, goods acceptance and return, as well
                      as credit terms. Revenue is recognized when the customer takes possession of and
                      accepts the products. Payment terms and conditions vary by customers and are
                      based on the billing schedule established in the contracts or purchase orders with
                      customers, but the Group generally provides credit terms to customers within 30
                      to 90 days upon customer acceptance. The Group takes advantage of the practical
                      expedient in paragraph 63 of HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration for any
                      effects of a significant financing component as the period of financing is 12 months or
                      less.

                (b)   Promotion service income

                      Promotion service income is recognized when the Group satisfies its promise to
                      arrange for the pharmaceutical products to be provided by supplier to the customer.

                (c)   License income

                      When the Group grants a license of its intellectual property to customers in a contract
                      bundled with other promised goods or services, it determines whether the license
                      is a distinct performance obligation by assessing whether the customer can benefit
                      from the license on its own or together with other readily available resources and
                      the license is separately identifiable from other goods and services in the contract.
                      The Group considers relevant factors such as whether the other promised services
                      (e.g. manufacturing) are highly specialized or unique for the customer to realize the
                      benefits from the license and whether the Group would be able to fulfil its promise
                      to transfer the license independently of fulfilling its promise to subsequently provide
                      other goods or services.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023   139
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    Material accounting policies - continued

           (u)   Revenue and other income - continued

                 (i)   Revenue from contracts with customers - continued

                       (c)   License income - continued

                             The Group further assesses whether the nature of promise is to provide the customer
                             with a right to use the underlying intellectual property as it exists at the point in
                             time at which the license is granted, or a right to access the underlying intellectual
                             property as it exists throughout the license period. In considering whether license
                             revenue is recognized at a point in time or over time, the Group considers its
                             involvement and activities that it has promised to undertake during the licensing
                             period and the corresponding impact on the customer.

                             When the licensing arrangement contains variable consideration other than a
                             sales-based or usage-based royalty – such as development and/or regulatory
                             milestone payments from the licensee, the amount is estimated using the most
                             likely method based on whether the milestones are considered probable of being
                             achieved and included in the transaction price to the extent that it is highly probable
                             that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when
                             the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Milestone
                             payments subject to uncertainties that are outside the control of the Group or the
                             licensee, such as regulatory approvals, are generally constrained until the required
                             approvals are obtained. The estimated variable consideration is updated at each
                             reporting date to reflect the current facts and circumstances.

                             Sales-based or usage-based royalties (including milestone payments based on the
                             level of sales) are only recognized when (or as) the latter of two events occurs: (i)
                             the occurrence of subsequent sale or usage, and (ii) the (partial) satisfaction of the
                             performance obligation to which some or all of the sales- or usage-based royalty has
                             been allocated.




140   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   Material accounting policies - continued

    (u)   Revenue and other income - continued

          (i)   Revenue from contracts with customers - continued

                (d)   Research service income

                      For certain revenue from research services, control is transferred over time and
                      revenue is recognized over time by reference to the progress towards complete
                      satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
                      met:

                      —      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by
                             the Group’s performance as the Group performs;

                      —      the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer
                             controls as the Group performs; or

                      —      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to
                             the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
                             completed to date.

                      When the outcome of a research service contract can be reasonably measured,
                      revenue from the contract is recognized over time during the service process using
                      the cost-to-cost method. Under the cost-to-cost method, revenue is recognized based
                      on the proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs to
                      provide a faithful depiction of the transfer of those services.

                      The likelihood of the Group earning contractual bonuses for early completion or
                      suffering contractual penalties for late completion are taken into account in making
                      these estimates, such that revenue is only recognized to the extent that it is highly
                      probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized
                      will not occur. The Group applies the most likely amount approach to estimate such
                      variable consideration by considering the single most likely amount in a limited range
                      of possible consideration amounts, taking into account the Group’s current progress
                      and future performance expectations compared to the agreed completion timeline.

                      When the outcome of the contract cannot be reasonably measured, revenue is
                      recognized only to the extent of contract costs incurred that are expected to be
                      recovered.

                      Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the Group transfers the
                      control for services/deliverable units and has right to payment from the customers for
                      the services performed upon finalization, or upon the delivery and acceptance of the
                      deliverable units.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   141
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    Material accounting policies - continued

           (u)   Revenue and other income - continued

                 (ii)   Revenue from other sources and other income

                        (a)   Rental income from operating leases

                              Rental income from operating leases is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-
                              line basis over the term of the lease. Lease incentives granted are recognized as an
                              integral part of the total rental income, over the term of the lease. Variable lease
                              payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognized as income in the
                              accounting period in which they are earned.


                        (b)   Dividends

                              Dividend income is recognized in profit or loss on the date on which the Group’s right
                              to receive payment is established.

                        (c)   Interest income

                              Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method. The “effective
                              interest rate” is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts
                              through the expected life of the financial asset to the gross carrying amount of the
                              financial asset. In calculating interest income, the effective interest rate is applied
                              to the gross carrying amount of the asset (when the asset is not credit-impaired).
                              However, for financial assets that have become credit-impaired subsequent to initial
                              recognition, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the
                              amortised cost of the financial asset. If the asset is no longer credit-impaired, then
                              the calculation of interest income reverts to the gross basis.


                        (d)   Government grants

                              Government grants are recognized in the statement of financial position initially
                              when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will
                              comply with the conditions attaching to them.

                              Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognized as income
                              in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are
                              incurred.

                              Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are recognized as deferred
                              income and subsequently recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the
                              useful life of the asset.




142   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   Material accounting policies - continued

    (v)   Translation of foreign currencies

          Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of
          group companies at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

          Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the
          functional currency at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and
          liabilities that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated into the functional
          currency at the exchange rate when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary assets and
          liabilities that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign currency are translated at
          the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency differences are generally
          recognized in profit or loss.

          However, foreign currency differences arising from the translation of an investment in equity
          securities designated as at FVOCI is recognized in OCI.

          The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments
          arising on acquisition, are translated into RMB at the exchange rates at the reporting date. The
          income and expenses of foreign operations are translated into RMB at the exchange rates at the
          dates of the transactions.

          Foreign currency differences are recognized in OCI and accumulated in the exchange reserve,
          except to the extent that the translation difference is allocated to NCI.

          When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control, significant
          influence or joint control is lost, the cumulative amount in the exchange reserve related to
          that foreign operation is reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.
          On disposal of a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the
          exchange differences relating to that foreign operation that have been attributed to the NCI shall
          be derecognized, but shall not be reclassified to profit or loss. If the Group disposes of part of
          its interest in a subsidiary but retains control, then the relevant proportion of the cumulative
          amount is reattributed to NCI. When the Group disposes of only part of an associate or joint
          venture while retaining significant influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the
          cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or loss.


    (w) Borrowing costs

          Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of
          an asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or
          sale are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the
          period in which they are incurred.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   143
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    Material accounting policies - continued

           (x)   Related parties

                 (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                       (i)    has control or joint control over the Group;

                       (ii)   has significant influence over the Group; or

                       (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

                 (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                       (i)    The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each
                              parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                       (ii)   One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint
                              venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                       (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                       (iv)   One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
                              third entity.

                       (v)    The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                              Group or an entity related to the Group.

                       (vi)   The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                       (vii) A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of
                              the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                       (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                              personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

                       Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected
                       to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


           (y)   Segment reporting

                 Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial
                 statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most
                 senior executive management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the
                 performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and geographical locations.

                 Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes
                 unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of
                 the nature of products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of
                 customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature
                 of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be
                 aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.



144   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


3   Accounting judgements and estimates

    Sources of estimation uncertainty

    Notes 13, 14, 18, 19, 34 and 38(e) contain information about the assumptions and their risk factors
    relating to impairment on not-ready-for-use intangible assets, goodwill impairment, fair value of
    financial assets and fair value of restricted shares granted. Other significant sources of estimation
    uncertainty are as follows:


    (i)    Net realizable value of inventories

           Net realizable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
           business less estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the
           sale. These estimates are based on the current market conditions and the historical experience
           of selling products with similar nature. Any change in the assumptions would increase or
           decrease the amount of inventories write-down or the related reversals of write-down made
           in prior years and affect the Group’s net assets value. The Group reassesses these estimates
           annually.


    (ii)   Impairment of trade and other receivables

           The Group estimates the amount of loss allowance for ECLs on trade and other receivables that
           are measured at amortized cost based on the credit risk of the respective financial instruments.
           The loss allowance amount is measured as the asset’s carrying amount and the present value
           of estimated future cash flows with the consideration of expected future credit loss of the
           respective financial instrument. The assessment of the credit risk of the respective financial
           instrument involves high degree of estimation and uncertainty. When the actual future cash
           flows are less than expected or more than expected, a material impairment loss or a material
           reversal of impairment loss may arise, accordingly.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   145
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      4    Revenue and segment reporting

           (a)   Revenue

                 (i)    Disaggregation of revenue

                        Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by business lines is as follows:

                                                                                              2023            2022
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                         (restated)
                                                                                                          (Note 39)
                         Revenue from contracts with customers within
                           the scope of HKFRS 15


                         Sales of pharmaceutical products                                5,974,933        5,617,050
                         Promotion service income                                          591,407         601,487
                         License income                                                     28,465         105,545
                         Research service income                                            13,000               —

                                                                                         6,607,805        6,324,082


                                                                                              2023            2022
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                         (restated)
                                                                                                          (Note 39)
                         Timing of revenue recognition
                           At a point in time                                            6,594,805        6,324,082
                           Over time                                                        13,000               —

                                                                                         6,607,805        6,324,082


                        The Group’s customer base is diversified and nil (2022: nil) customers with whom
                        transactions have exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenues for the year ended December 31,
                        2023. Details of concentrations of credit risk arising from the customers are set out in Note
                        38(a).

                 (ii)   Revenue expected to be recognized in the future arising from contracts with customers in
                        existence at the reporting date

                        The Group has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of HKFRS 15 to its sales
                        contracts for goods such that information about revenue expected to be recognized in
                        the future is not disclosed in respect of revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it
                        satisfies the remaining performance obligations under the contracts for sales of goods that
                        had an expected duration of one year or less.



146   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                              (Expressed in Renminbi)


4   Revenue and segment reporting - continued

    (b)   Segment reporting

          Operating segments are identified on the basis of internal reports that the Group’s most senior
          executive management reviews regularly in allocating resources to segments and in assessing
          their performances.

          The Group’s most senior executive management makes resources allocation decisions based on
          internal management functions and assess the Group’s business performance as one integrated
          business instead of by separate business lines or geographical regions. Accordingly, the Group
          has only one operating segment and therefore, no segment information is presented.

          HKFRS 8, Operating Segments, requires identification and disclosure of information about an
          entity’s geographical areas, regardless of the entity’s organization (i.e. even if the entity has
          a single reportable segment). The Group operates within one geographical location because
          primarily all of its revenue was generated in the PRC and primarily all of its non-current
          operating assets and capital expenditure were located/incurred in the PRC. Accordingly, no
          geographical information is presented.


5   Other income and other net (loss)/gain

    (a)   Other income

                                                                                              2023               2022
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                           (restated)
                                                                                                            (Note 39)
           Government grants (Note)                                                       134,181            125,172
           Rental income                                                                     5,070             17,738
           Property management income                                                        7,053             11,573
           Consulting and technology service income                                         11,450              6,682
           Others                                                                            8,467             11,649

                                                                                          166,221            172,814


          Note:

          During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group received unconditional government grants of RMB90,952,000
          (2022: RMB80,130,000) as rewards of the Group’s contribution to technology innovation and regional economic
          development.

          During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group received conditional government grants of RMB26,181,000
          (2022: RMB1,927,000) as subsidies for construction and equipment and recognized such grants of RMB32,843,000
          (2022: RMB33,894,000) in the consolidated statements of profit or loss when related conditions were satisfied.
          During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group received conditional government grants of RMB7,450,000
          (2022: RMB32,942,000) as encouragement of technology research and development and recognized such type of
          grants of RMB10,386,000 (2022: RMB11,148,000) in the consolidated statements of profit when related conditions
          were satisfied.



                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023    147
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      5    Other income and other net (loss)/gain - continued

           (b)   Other net (loss)/gain

                                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000
                   Net foreign exchange loss                                                             (13,283)            (57,215)
                   Net gain/(loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                             2,433            (10,571)
                   Net realized and unrealized (losses)/gains on
                        financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                           (744,816)            113,112
                   Compensation from contract termination                                                       —            208,938
                   Net gain on disposal of interest in subsidiaries (Note i)                             789,491                    —
                   Impairment loss on a manufacturing plant (Note ii)                                      (6,871)                  —
                   Impairment loss on prepayments                                                        (21,600)                   —
                   Provision for litigations (Note 31)                                                   (25,990)                   —

                                                                                                         (20,636)            254,264


                 Notes:

                 (i)      On February 24, 2023, the Group entered into an agreement with a third party to dispose its 50%
                          equity interest in BCY Pharm Co., Ltd. (“BCY”), one of its controlled subsidiaries, at consideration of
                          RMB200,000,000. Upon the completion of the disposal in March 2023, the Group lost its control on BCY
                          and recognized the remaining 13.57% equity interest in BCY, which amounted to RMB54,150,000, as a
                          financial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss. The net gain on disposal of interest in BCY was
                          RMB197,222,000.

                          On April 13, 2023, the Group entered into an agreement with a third party to dispose its total equity interest
                          in Simcere (Shanghai) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Simcere (Shanghai)”) at consideration of RMB926,865,000.
                          The disposal was completed in May 2023. The net gain on disposal of interest in Simcere (Shanghai) was
                          RMB592,269,000.

                 (ii)     The Group terminated the operation of one of its manufacturing plants located in the PRC. A loss of
                          RMB6,871,000 was recorded in the consolidated statement of profit or loss during the year ended December
                          31, 2023 including the impairment of property, plant and equipment of RMB4,876,000 and scrapped
                          inventories of RMB1,995,000.




148   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                                 (Expressed in Renminbi)


6   Profit before taxation

    Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


    (a)   Net finance income

                                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000
           Interest income from bank deposits                                                 (54,960)           (59,867)

           Finance income                                                                     (54,960)           (59,867)

           Interest expenses on bank loans                                                     27,055             27,654
           Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                               7,513               6,754

           Finance costs                                                                       34,568             34,408

           Net finance income                                                                 (20,392)           (25,459)



    (b)   Staff costs

                                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                               (restated)
                                                                                                                (Note 39)
           Salaries, wages and other benefits                                              2,253,154           1,903,727
           Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans (Note)                     137,048              95,265
           Equity settled share-based payment expenses (Note 34)                               12,119            138,290

                                                                                           2,402,321           2,137,282


          Note:

          Employees of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement plans
          administered and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries contribute funds
          which are calculated on certain percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal
          government to the plan to fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

          The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as incurred and not reduced
          by contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the plans prior to vesting fully in the contributions. The
          Group has no other material obligation for the payment of retirement benefits associated with the scheme beyond
          the annual contributions described above.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023     149
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      6    Profit before taxation - continued
           (c)   Other items

                                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (restated)
                                                                                                                       (Note 39)
                   Cost of inventories recognized as expenses (Note i)                             1,173,985             884,571
                   Depreciation charge
                    —owned property, plant and equipment                                             214,286             209,036
                    —right-of-use assets                                                              77,221              59,626
                   Amortization of intangible assets                                                  18,087              14,985
                   Research and development costs (Note ii)                                        1,563,138           1,728,283
                   Reversals of impairment on trade and other receivables                               (867)            (13,972)
                   Auditors’ remuneration
                    —audit services                                                                     4,940               4,200
                    —non-audit services                                                                   234                 294

                 Notes:

                 (i)    Cost of inventories recognized as expenses includes amounts relating to staff costs, depreciation and
                        amortization expenses, which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above
                        or in Note 6(b) for each of these types of expenses.

                 (ii)   Research and development costs include amounts relating to staff costs, depreciation and amortization
                        expenses, which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above or in Note 6(b)
                        for each of these types of expenses.


      7    Income tax in the consolidated statements of profit or loss
           (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statements of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                   Current tax

                   PRC Corporate Income Tax
                   Provision for the year                                                              27,249             11,262
                   Over-provision in respect of prior years (Note 7(b))                                (4,927)           (13,677)

                                                                                                       22,322              (2,415)

                   Overseas Corporate Income Tax
                   Provision for the year                                                               1,704                    9

                   Deferred tax

                   Origination and reversal of temporary differences
                     (Note 30(b))                                                                       2,062            (38,072)

                   Total income tax                                                                    26,088            (40,478)




150   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                          Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


7   Income tax in the consolidated statements of profit or loss - continued
    (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statements of profit or loss represents: - continued

          Notes:

          (i)     Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Hong Kong, the Company and the subsidiary in Hong
                  Kong were liable to the Hong Kong Profits Tax at a rate of 16.5% during the years ended December 31, 2023
                  and 2022.

          (ii)    The PRC subsidiaries of the Group are subject to PRC Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) at a statutory rate of
                  25%, except for the following specified subsidiaries:

                  According to the Administrative Measures for Determination of High-Tech Enterprises (Guokefahuo [2016]
                  No. 32), Hainan Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hainan Simcere”) obtained the qualification as a high-
                  tech enterprise and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2023 to 2025.

                  Shandong Simcere Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shandong Simcere”) obtained the qualification as a high-
                  tech enterprise and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2023 to 2025.

                  Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Simcere Pharmaceutical”) obtained the qualification as a high-tech
                  enterprise and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2021 to 2023.

                  According to the prevailing PRC CIT law and its relevant regulations, non-PRC tax resident enterprises
                  are levied withholding tax on dividends from their PRC resident investees for intra-group earnings
                  accumulated beginning on January 1, 2008, at 10% (unless reduced by tax treaties or similar arrangements).
                  Undistributed earnings generated prior to 2008 are exempt from such withholding tax. Under the
                  arrangement between the Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance
                  of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income and its relevant
                  regulations, dividends paid by a PRC resident enterprise to its direct holding company in Hong Kong will be
                  subject to withholding tax at a reduced rate of 5% (if the Hong Kong investor is the “beneficial owner” and
                  owns directly at least 25% of the equity interest of the PRC resident enterprise for the past twelve months
                  before the dividends distribution).

                  Pursuant to Notice on Expanding the Applicable Scope of the Policy of Temporarily Not Levying Withholding
                  Income Tax on Overseas Investors’ Direct Investment with Distributed Profits (Caishui [2018] No.102),
                  withholding tax on dividends distributed by from a PRC resident enterprise to its direct overseas holding
                  company was not levied if the dividend distributed was reinvested to the PRC resident investees.

          (iii)   Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of the United States, the Group’s subsidiaries in the United
                  States were liable to United States federal income tax at a rate of 21% plus the state income tax determined
                  by income ranges during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

          (iv)    Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of the United Kingdom, the Group’s subsidiary in the United
                  Kingdom was liable to the United Kingdom corporation tax at a rate of 19% during the years ended December
                  31, 2023 and 2022.

          (v)     Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Finland, the Group’s subsidiary in Finland was liable to
                  Finnish income tax at a rate of 20% during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

          (vi)    Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Singapore, the Group’s subsidiary in Singapore was
                  liable to Singapore corporate income tax at a rate of 17% during the year ended December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023      151
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      7    Income tax in the consolidated statements of profit or loss - continued

           (b)   Reconciliation between tax expense/(benefit) and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (restated)
                                                                                                                        (Note 39)
                   Profit before taxation                                                             740,038             886,254

                   Notional tax on profit before taxation,
                        calculated using the PRC statutory tax rate of 25%                            185,010             221,564
                   Tax effect of different tax rates                                                   (97,883)           (75,996)
                   Tax effect of non-deductible expenses (Note i)                                     159,627              45,291
                   Tax effect of non-taxable income (Note ii)                                          (95,450)             (3,875)
                   Tax effect of tax losses not recognized                                            102,640              23,260
                   Tax effect of bonus deduction for research and
                        development costs                                                            (190,675)           (207,242)
                   Tax effect of change in tax rates                                                    (1,494)               (745)
                   Tax effect of previously unrecognized tax losses now utilized                       (13,812)             (3,156)
                   Tax effect of previously unrecognized temporary
                        differences now utilized                                                        (3,303)           (22,168)
                   Tax effect of withholding tax on undistributed profits                              (13,645)             (4,402)
                   Over-provision in of prior years                                                     (4,927)           (13,677)
                   Derecognition of deferred tax assets recognized in prior years                            —                 668

                   Actual tax expense/(benefit)                                                         26,088            (40,478)


                 Notes:

                 (i)     Tax effect of non-deductible expenses mainly represented the tax effect of equity settled share-based
                         payment expenses, expenses incurred by entities without assessable profits and other non-deductible
                         expenses and tax effect of net realized and unrealized loss on financial assets of FVPL which is not subject
                         to deduction under Hong Kong Profits Tax rules.

                 (ii)    Tax effect of non-taxable income mainly represented the tax effect of gain on disposal of interest in
                         subsidiaries.




152   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi)


8   Directors’ emoluments

    Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
    and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as
    follows:

                                                        Salaries,
                                                      allowances                  Retirement               Share-based
                                        Directors’   and benefits Discretionary      scheme                  payments
                                             fees         in kind      bonuses contributions   Sub-Total        (Note)    2023 Total
                                         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
     Executive directors


     Ren Jinsheng                              —           5,020          2,362          44        7,426            —         7,426
     Wan Yushan                                —           1,834          5,090          75        6,999         2,357        9,356
     Tang Renhong                              —           3,659          5,414          48        9,121         5,413       14,534
     Wang Xi
      (appointed on January 18, 2023)          —           1,089           666           16        1,771          (443)       1,328


     Independent non-executive
      directors


     Wang Xinhua                              360             —              —            —         360             —           360
     Song Ruilin                              360             —              —            —         360             —           360
     Wang Jianguo                             360             —              —            —         360             —           360
     Sung Ka Woon
      (appointed on January 18, 2023)         360             —              —            —         360             —           360

                                            1,440         11,602        13,532          183       26,757         7,327       34,084




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023     153
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      8    Directors’ emoluments - continued

                                                              Salaries,
                                                            allowances                  Retirement               Share-based
                                              Directors’   and benefits Discretionary      scheme                  payments       2022
                                                   fees         in kind      bonuses contributions   Sub-Total        (Note)      Total
                                               RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000
            Executive directors


            Ren Jinsheng                              —          2,044           781            65       2,890            —      2,890
            Wan Yushan                                —          1,282          5,595          39        6,916         4,338    11,254
            Tang Renhong                              —          2,842         10,555          39       13,436         6,791    20,227


            Non-Executive director


            Zhao John Huan
              (resigned on August 31, 2022)           —              —             —            —           —             —          —


            Independent non-executive
              directors


            Wang Xinhua                             360              —             —            —         360             —        360
            Song Ruilin                             360              —             —            —         360             —        360
            Wang Jianguo                            360              —             —            —         360             —        360

                                                  1,080          6,168         16,931         143       24,322        11,129    35,451


           All the executive directors are key management personnel of the Group for the year ended December
           31, 2023 and their remuneration disclosed above include those for services rendered by them as key
           management personnel.

           Note:

           These represent the estimated value of restricted shares granted to the directors under the Company’s share incentive
           scheme. The value of these restricted shares is measured according to the Group’s accounting policies for share-based
           payment transactions and, in accordance with that policy, includes adjustments to reverse amounts accrued in previous
           years where grants of equity instruments are forfeited prior to vesting.




154   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                 Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                  (Expressed in Renminbi)


8   Directors’ emoluments - continued

    The details of these benefits in kind, including the principal terms and number of restricted shares
    granted, are disclosed in Note 34.

    Apart from the above, no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to which the Company
    was a party, and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, subsisted at the end of
    the year or at any time during the year.


9   Individuals with highest emoluments

    Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, three (2022: two) are directors whose
    emoluments are disclosed in Note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the remaining
    individuals are as follows:

                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000
     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                   7,323            10,606
     Discretionary bonuses                                                       2,512             6,772
     Retirement scheme contributions                                                72               187
     Share-based payments                                                        2,038            12,031

                                                                                11,945            29,596


    The emoluments of the two (2022: three) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the
    following bands:

                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                           Number of          Number of
                                                                           individuals        individuals
     HKD5,500,001 to HKD6,000,000                                                    1                 —
     HKD7,000,001 to HKD7,500,000                                                    1                 —
     HKD9,500,001 to HKD10,000,000                                                  —                   1
     HKD11,000,001 to HKD11,500,000                                                 —                   1
     HKD12,000,001 to HKD12,500,000                                                 —                   1




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   155
      Notes to the financial statements
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      10   Other comprehensive income

           Tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income

                                                                        Financial assets
                                                                            at fair value
                                                                          through other
                                                          Exchange      comprehensive
                                                         differences       income – net
                                                      on translation movement in fair
                                                         of financial    value reserves
                                                         statements     (non-recycling)        Total
                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000
            For the year ended December 31, 2022
            Before-tax amount                               176,813             (183,953)     (7,140)
            Tax effect                                            —               27,607      27,607

            Net-of-tax amount                               176,813             (156,346)     20,467

            For the year ended December 31, 2023
            Before-tax amount                                46,415               36,493     82,908
            Tax effect                                            —               (5,448)     (5,448)

            Net-of-tax amount                                46,415               31,045     77,460




156   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  Notes to the financial statements
                                                                                   (Expressed in Renminbi)


11   Earnings per share

     (a)   Basic earnings per share

           The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity
           shareholders of the Company of RMB714,761,000 (2022: RMB930,868,000, as restated) and the
           weighted average of 2,608,533,908 ordinary shares (2022: 2,611,171,592 shares) in issue during
           the year, calculated as follows:


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                   2023              2022
            Issued ordinary shares at January 1                           2,660,376,618     2,628,290,618
            Effect of shares issued to Trustee (Note 34)                      2,362,233        17,704,132
            Effect of purchase of own shares (Note 35(c))                   (13,192,041)                —
            Effect of vested shares under 2021 RSU Scheme (Note 34)           3,603,748         2,529,974
            Effect of unvested shares under 2021 RSU Scheme (Note 34)       (44,616,650)      (37,353,132)

            Weighted average number of ordinary shares at
              December 31                                                 2,608,533,908     2,611,171,592


     (b)   Diluted earnings per share

           The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity
           shareholders of the Company of RMB714,761,000 (2022: RMB930,868,000, as restated) and
           the weighted average of ordinary shares of 2,608,533,908 shares (2022: 2,620,375,892 shares),
           calculated as follows:


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

                                                                                   2023              2022
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares at
              31 December                                                 2,608,533,908     2,611,171,592
            Effect of deemed issuance of shares under
              2021 RSU scheme for nil consideration (Note 34)                        —           9,204,300

            Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted) at
              31 December                                                 2,608,533,908     2,620,375,892




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   157
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      12   Property, plant and equipment

           (a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount

                                                                                                      Furniture,
                                                                                         Machinery       fixtures
                                                               Leasehold    Plant and          and     and office     Motor Construction
                                                                    Land    buildings    equipment    equipment     vehicles in progress       Total
                                                                RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000
                  Cost:
                  At January 1, 2022, as previously reported     223,410    1,405,360      962,425       128,040      32,041       95,751    2,847,027
                  Business combination under common
                    control                                           —         1,171        3,941           252        159            —         5,523

                  At January 1, 2022, as restated                223,410    1,406,531      966,366       128,292      32,200       95,751    2,852,550
                  Additions                                       82,024      159,885       43,854        30,560       2,256      164,777      483,356
                  Transfers                                           —        31,881       15,941            —           —       (47,822)          —
                  Disposals                                           —            —        (3,550)       (1,946)     (1,364)     (10,573)     (17,433)

                  At December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2023       305,434    1,598,297    1,022,611       156,906     33,092       202,133    3,318,473
                  Additions                                      137,745       52,667      110,316         4,192      3,076       243,852      551,848
                  Transfers                                           —        96,466        5,509           539         —       (102,514)          —
                  Disposals of interest in subsidiaries          (19,327)    (303,728)          —           (338)        —             —      (323,393)
                  Disposals                                           —      (137,374)      (6,776)       (2,202)    (1,251)           —      (147,603)

                  At December 31, 2023                           423,852    1,306,328    1,131,660       159,097     34,917      343,471     3,399,325

                  Accumulated depreciation and impairment:
                  At January 1, 2022, as previously reported      35,736      396,993      376,721        79,782      26,583           —       915,815
                  Business combination under common
                    control                                           —          471           937           144          81           —         1,633

                  At January 1, 2022, as restated                 35,736      397,464      377,658        79,926      26,664           —       917,448
                  Charge for the year, as restated                 5,136      143,208      100,533        17,831       1,954           —       268,662
                  Written back on disposals                           —            —        (3,435)       (1,790)     (1,364)          —        (6,589)

                  At December 31, 2022 and
                    January 1, 2023, as restated                  40,872     540,672       474,756        95,967     27,254            —     1,179,521


                  Charge for the year                              8,569     153,895       106,638        19,491      2,914            —      291,507
                  Impairment loss                                     —          302         4,516            58         —             —        4,876
                  Written back on disposals of interest in
                    subsidiaries                                  (5,948)    (121,857)          —           (156)         —            —      (127,961)
                  Written back on disposals                           —      (110,683)      (4,947)       (2,125)     (1,202)          —      (118,957)

                  At December 31, 2023                            43,493     462,329       580,963       113,235     28,966            —     1,228,986

                  Net book value:
                  At December 31, 2022, as restated              264,562    1,057,625      547,855        60,939       5,838     202,133     2,138,952

                  At December 31, 2023                           380,359     843,999       550,697        45,862      5,951      343,471     2,170,339




158   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         (Expressed in Renminbi)


12   Property, plant and equipment - continued

     (a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount - continued

           As at December 31, 2023, property certificates of certain properties and leasehold land with an
           aggregate net book value of RMB254,249,000 (2022: RMB298,308,000) is yet to be obtained.

           As at December 31, 2023, leasehold land with net book value of RMB112,942,000 was pledged as
           security for banking facilities, which were not used at the reporting date.


     (b)   Right-of-use assets

           The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as
           follows:

                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000
            Leasehold land                                                         380,359              264,562
            Plant and buildings                                                    160,580              208,393

                                                                                   540,939              472,955


           The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognized in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                      (restated)
            Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class of
              underlying asset:
            Leasehold land                                                            8,569               5,136
            Plant and buildings                                                      68,652              54,490

                                                                                     77,221              59,626

            Interest on lease liabilities (Note 6(a))                                 7,513               6,754
            Expense relating to short-term leases                                     7,448              15,052




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023   159
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      12   Property, plant and equipment - continued

           (b)   Right-of-use assets - continued

                 During the year ended December 31, 2023, additions to right-of-use assets were
                 RMB183,759,000 (2022: RMB236,358,000). This amount included the acquisition of leasehold
                 land of RMB137,745,000 (2022: RMB82,024,000), and the remainder primarily related to the
                 capitalized lease payments under new tenancy agreements.

                 Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in
                 Notes 25(e) and 38(b), respectively.

                 Some leases include an option to renew the lease for an additional period after the end of the
                 contract term. Where practicable, the Group seeks to include such extension options exercisable
                 by the Group to provide operational flexibility. The Group assesses at lease commencement date
                 whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension options. If the Group is not reasonably
                 certain to exercise the extension options, the future lease payments during the extension
                 periods are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities. The potential exposure to these
                 future lease payments is summarized below.

                                                                                                   Potential future lease
                                                                                                 payments under extension
                                                                 Lease liabilities recognized   options not included in lease
                                                                        (discounted)             liabilities (undiscounted)
                                                                        2023            2022            2023            2022
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000
                  Plant and buildings                                 34,481           70,148             —                   —




160   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                (Expressed in Renminbi)


13   Intangible assets

                                                                                  Exclusive
                                   Developed                       Product commercialization    In-licensed
                                   technology    GSP licenses   trademarks          right (i)     rights (ii)       Total
                                    RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
      Cost:
      At January 1, 2022              307,159            343         4,303                —               —       311,805
      Additions                            —               —            —           125,472         209,718       335,190

      At December 31, 2022 and
       January 1, 2023                307,159            343         4,303          125,472         209,718       646,995

      Additions                          318               —            —                 —        397,161        397,479
      Disposals of interest in
       subsidiaries                   (60,700)             —            —                 —               —       (60,700)

      At December 31, 2023           246,777             343         4,303          125,472        606,879        983,774

      Accumulated amortization:
      At January 1, 2022              247,468            343         4,303                —               —       252,114
      Charge for the year              14,985              —            —                 —               —        14,985

      At December 31, 2022 and
       January 1, 2023               262,453             343         4,303                —               —       267,099
      Charge for the year               1,221              —            —                 —          16,866        18,087
      Write back on disposals of
       interest in subsidiaries       (17,198)             —            —                 —               —       (17,198)

      At December 31, 2023           246,476             343         4,303                —          16,866       267,988

      Net book value:
      At December 31, 2022             44,706              —            —           125,472         209,718       379,896

      At December 31, 2023               301               —            —           125,472         590,013       715,786


     The Group’s intangible assets as at December 31, 2023 mainly represent developed technology, GSP
     licenses, product trademarks acquired by the Group in connection with the acquisitions of the Group’s
     operating subsidiaries in the PRC, and the exclusive commercialization right and in-licensed rights
     either arising from collaboration arrangement with third parties or separately acquired by the Group.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   161
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      13   Intangible assets - continued

           The amortization charge for the year is included in “cost of sales” and “research and development
           costs” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

           (i)   Exclusive commercialization right

                 On March 18, 2022, the Group entered into an agreement with a third party for an exclusive
                 commercialization right in relation to a drug under development in China at the consideration
                 of RMB125,472,000. The third party is responsible for clinical development of the drug and the
                 Group will have exclusive marketing right to the drug after regulatory approval.

                 As at December 31, 2023, the exclusive commercialization right is not yet available for use and is
                 not amortized. As such, it is subject to annual impairment test based on the recoverable amount
                 of the CGU to which the intangible asset is related to which is at the product level. Management
                 determined the recoverable amount of the relevant CGU using the value in use calculations.
                 The Group engaged an independent professional valuer to assist with the calculation. The
                 calculation used cash flow projections based on management’s expectations of the expected
                 time period for a pharmaceutical drug development to commercialization and other factors,
                 including the patent protection period, the historical life of similar products, the characteristics
                 of such technologies, their update frequency and market requirement and competition. The
                 expected average earnings before interest and taxes (“EBIT”) growth rate was estimated taking
                 into account revenue, gross margins and operating expenses to reflect the characteristics of the
                 commercial right and the expectation for market development. The discount rate used is pre-tax
                 and reflects specific risks relating to the drug.

                 The key assumptions used in estimating the recoverable amount are as follows:

                                                                                             2023             2022
                  Expected average EBIT growth rate                                            9%              18%
                  Pre-tax discount rate                                                       26%              26%


                 Based on the result of impairment assessment, there was no impairment as at December 31,
                 2023.

                 The Group has performed sensitivity test by increasing 1% of pre-tax discount rate or decreasing
                 1% of expected average EBIT growth rate, which are the key assumptions for determining the
                 recoverable amount of the intangible asset, with all other variables held constant. The impacts
                 on the amount by which the intangible asset’s recoverable amount above its carrying amount
                 (headroom) are as below:

                                                                                            2023             2022
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000
                  Headroom                                                                 89,377          113,966
                  Impact by increasing pre-tax discount rate                              (11,824)         (15,514)
                  Impact by decreasing expected average EBIT growth rate                   (5,734)          (2,394)




162   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


13   Intangible assets - continued

     (i)    Exclusive commercialization right - continued

            Considering there was still sufficient headroom based on the assessment, management believes
            that a reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions on which management has
            based its determination of the CGU’s recoverable amount would not cause its carrying amount
            to exceed its recoverable amount.


     (ii)   In-licensed rights

            The in-licensed rights include certain intangible assets not ready for use. Details are as below.


            Daridorexant

            On November 15, 2022, the Group entered into an agreement with a third party to have a
            exclusive right to develop and commercialize a drug product in the Greater China region. The
            drug was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration and subsequently made
            commercially available in May 2022.

            The consideration payable by the Group comprises upfront payment, additional milestone
            payments, commercialization milestone payments and royalties based upon future sales. As at
            December 31, 2023, an upfront payment of USD30,000,000 (RMB equivalent 209,718,000) paid by
            the Group was recognized as an intangible assets.

            As at December 31, 2023, the in-licensed right is not yet available for use and is not amortized.
            As such, it is subject to annual impairment test based on the recoverable amount of the CGU to
            which the intangible asset is related to which is at the product level. Management determined
            the recoverable amount of the relevant CGU using the value in use calculations. The calculation
            used cash flow projections based on management’s expectations of the expected time period
            for a pharmaceutical drug development to commercialization and other factors, including the
            patent protection period, the historical life of similar products, the characteristics of such
            technologies, their update frequency and market requirement and competition. The cash
            flows beyond the projection period are extrapolated using negative growth rate. The expected
            average EBIT growth rate was estimated taking into account revenue, gross margins and
            operating expenses to reflect the characteristics of the license and the expectation for market
            development. The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflects specific risks relating to the drug.

            The key assumptions used in estimating the recoverable amount are as follows:

                                                                                      2023              2022
             Expected average EBIT growth rate                                         28%               40%
             Pre-tax discount rate                                                     20%               20%


            Based on the result of impairment assessment, there was no impairment as at December 31,
            2023.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   163
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      13   Intangible assets - continued

           (ii)   In-licensed rights - continued

                  The Group has performed sensitivity test by increasing 1% of pre-tax discount rate or decreasing
                  1% of expected average EBIT growth rate, which are the key assumptions for determining the
                  recoverable amount of the intangible asset, with all other variables held constant. The impacts
                  on the amount by which the intangible asset’s recoverable amount above its carrying amount
                  (headroom) are as below:

                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000
                   Headroom                                                               32,416           70,247
                   Impact by increasing pre-tax discount rate                            (30,197)         (33,040)
                   Impact by decreasing expected average EBIT growth rate                (12,810)         (15,639)


                  Considering there was still sufficient headroom based on the assessment, management believes
                  that a reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions on which management has
                  based its determination of the CGU’s recoverable amount would not cause its carrying amount
                  to exceed its recoverable amount.


                  Rademikibart

                  On November 21, 2023, the Group entered into an agreement with a third party to have a
                  exclusive right to develop and commercialize a drug product in the Greater China region.

                  The consideration payable by the Group comprises upfront payment, additional milestone
                  payments, commercialization milestone payments and royalties based upon future sales. As
                  at December 31, 2023, an upfront payment of RMB141,509,000 is recognized as an intangible
                  assets.

                  As at December 31, 2023, the in-licensed right is not yet available for use and is not amortized.
                  As such, it is subject to annual impairment test based on the recoverable amount of the CGU to
                  which the intangible asset is related to which is at the product level. Management determined
                  the recoverable amount of the relevant CGU using the value in use calculations. The calculation
                  used cash flow projections based on management’s expectations of the expected time period
                  for a pharmaceutical drug development to commercialization and other factors, including the
                  patent protection period, the historical life of similar products, the characteristics of such
                  technologies, their update frequency and market requirement and competition. The cash
                  flows beyond the projection period are extrapolated using negative growth rate. The expected
                  average EBIT growth rate was estimated taking into account revenue, gross margins and
                  operating expenses to reflect the characteristics of the license and the expectation for market
                  development. The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflects specific risks relating to the drug.




164   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


13   Intangible assets - continued

     (ii)   In-licensed rights - continued

            Rademikibart - continued

            The key assumptions used in estimating the recoverable amount are as follows:

                                                                                                      2023
             Expected average EBIT growth rate                                                         17%
             Pre-tax discount rate                                                                     20%


            Based on the result of impairment assessment, there was no impairment as at December 31,
            2023.

            The Group has performed sensitivity test by increasing 1% of pre-tax discount rate or decreasing
            1% of expected average EBIT growth rate, which are the key assumptions for determining the
            recoverable amount of the intangible asset, with all other variables held constant. The impacts
            on the amount by which the intangible asset’s recoverable amount above its carrying amount
            (headroom) are as below:

                                                                                                      2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000
            Headroom                                                                                62,214
            Impact by increasing pre-tax discount rate                                             (44,895)
            Impact by decreasing expected average EBIT growth rate                                 (17,392)


            Considering there was still sufficient headroom based on the assessment, management believes
            that a reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions on which management has
            based its determination of the CGU’s recoverable amount would not cause its carrying amount
            to exceed its recoverable amount.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023   165
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      14   Goodwill

                                                                                           2023           2022
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000
            Balance at the beginning of the year                                        172,788         172,788
            Disposal during the year                                                    (30,314)             —
            Balance at the end of the year                                              142,474         172,788



           Impairment tests for cash-generating unit containing goodwill

           Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGU”) identified according to the product
           line. Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s CGU as follows:

                                                                                         Goodwill
                                                                2022      Disposal    reallocation        2023
                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
            Pharmaceutical business                          142,474             –       (142,474)            –
            BCY                                               30,314       (30,314)                –          –
            Oncology pharmaceutical business                       –             –         91,790       91,790
            Other pharmaceutical business                          –             –         50,684       50,684

            Total                                            172,788       (30,314)                –   142,474


           In 2023, the Group restructured its pharmaceutical business by dividing CGU of pharmaceutical
           business into two CGUs, the oncology pharmaceutical business and other pharmaceutical business.

           The Group performs annual impairment test on goodwill at the end of the reporting year. The
           recoverable amount of each CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These
           calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management with
           the final year representing a steady state in the development of the business. Cash flows beyond
           the period are extrapolated using zero growth rate. The key assumptions used for the value in
           use calculations are the discount rate and budgeted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
           and amortization (“EBITDA”) growth rate in the projection period. The discount rate was a pre-
           tax measure based on the risk-free rate in the relevant market and in the same currency as the
           cash flows, adjusted for a risk premium to reflect both the increased risk of investing in equities
           generally and the systematic risk of the CGU. Budgeted EBITDA growth rate in the projection period
           was estimated taking into account revenue, gross margins and operating expenses based on past
           performance and its expectation for market development.




166   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Renminbi)


14   Goodwill - continued

     Impairment tests for cash-generating unit containing goodwill - continued

     Key assumptions used in estimating the recoverable amount are as follows:

                                                                                                 2023
      Pre-tax discount rate
        Oncology pharmaceutical business                                                          15%
        Other pharmaceutical business                                                             15%


      Budgeted average EBITDA growth rate
        Oncology pharmaceutical business                                                        22.4%
        Other pharmaceutical business                                                           11.3%


      Budget period
        Oncology pharmaceutical business                                                      5 years
        Other pharmaceutical business                                                         5 years

                                                                                                 2022
      Pre-tax discount rate
        Pharmaceutical business                                                                   15%
        BCY                                                                                     25.8%


      Budgeted average EBITDA growth rate
        Pharmaceutical business                                                                 23.3%
        BCY                                                                                     26.3%


      Budget period
        Pharmaceutical business                                                                5 years
        BCY                                                                                  11 years

     The estimated recoverable amount of the oncology pharmaceutical business CGU and other
     pharmaceutical business CGU exceeded its carrying amount as at December 31, 2023 by
     RMB371,878,000 and RMB5,113,162,000, respectively.

     The estimated recoverable amount of the pharmaceutical business CGU and BCY CGU exceeded its
     carrying amount as at December 31, 2022 by RMB5,294,563,000 and RMB45,260,000, respectively.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023   167
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      14   Goodwill - continued

           Management performed sensitivity analysis of two key assumptions that could significantly affect the
           recoverable amount. The following table shows the percentage point by which these two assumptions
           would need to change individually for the estimated recoverable amount to be equal to the carrying
           amount:


           Change required for carrying amount to equal recoverable amount (in percentage point)

                                                                                                         2023
            Oncology pharmaceutical business
              Increase in discount rate                                                                +4.9%
              Decrease in budgeted EBITDA growth rate (average of forecast period)                     -6.4%


            Other pharmaceutical business
              Increase in discount rate                                                               +20.6%
              Decrease in budgeted EBITDA growth rate (average of forecast period)                    -16.8%

                                                                                                         2022
            Pharmaceutical business
              Increase in discount rate                                                               +11.0%
              Decrease in budgeted EBITDA growth rate (average of forecast period)                    -13.3%


            BCY
              Increase in discount rate                                                                +4.4%
              Decrease in budgeted EBITDA growth rate (average of forecast period)                      -2.5%

           The recoverable amount of the CGUs based on the value-in-use calculations was higher than the
           carrying amount as at December 31, 2023 and 2022. Accordingly, no impairment loss for goodwill was
           recognized in the consolidated statements of profit or loss. Also, based on the sensitivity analysis
           above, the Group concluded that a reasonably possible change in key parameters would not cause the
           carrying amount of the CGU to exceed its recoverable amount as at December 31, 2023 and 2022.




168   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   (Expressed in Renminbi)


15   Investments in subsidiaries

     The following list contains the particulars of subsidiaries which affected the results, assets or
     liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.

                                      Place of incorporation       Particulars of   Attributable equity interest
                                              and business/           issued and       held by the Company
      Company name                     date of incorporation      paid-in capital       Directly       Indirectly      Principal activities
      Jiangsu Simcere                 The People’s Republic United States Dollar          100%                 —       Investment holding
         Pharmaceutical Technology         of China (“PRC”)             (“USD”)
         Co., Ltd. (江蘇先聲醫藥科技                August 14, 2017         251,500,000
         有限公司) (Note)
      Simcere Pharmaceutical                      The PRC       USD150,000,000            100%                 —       Investment holding
         (Shandong)Co., Ltd. (先聲             March 28, 2022
         藥業（山東）有限公司) (Note)
         (“Simcere Shangdong”)
      Simcere UK Limited                The United Kingdom Great Britain Pound            100%                 —       Pharmaceutical related
                                         December 20, 2017              (“GBP”)                                          business development
                                                                            100                                          and cooperation
      Oy Simcere Europe Ltd.                        Finland       Euro (“EUR”)            100%                 —       Pharmaceutical related
                                        September 14, 2007                2,500                                          business development
                                                                                                                         and cooperation
      Simcere Pharmaceutical Co.,                The PRC          Chinese Yuan                —            100%        Manufacturing and sales
         Ltd. (先聲藥業有限公司)                September 10, 1998             (“RMB”)                                           of pharmaceutical
         (Note)                                                   1,602,813,820                                          products
      Hainan Simcere                               The PRC      RMB221,110,900                —            100%        Manufacturing and sales
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.             April 28, 1993                                                             of pharmaceutical
         (海南先聲藥業有限公司)                                                                                                    products
         (Note)
      Jiangsu Simcere Biological                   The PRC      RMB400,000,000                —            100%        Research and
         Co., Ltd.                             July 10, 2017                                                             development and
         (江蘇先聲生物製藥有限                                                                                                     manufacturing of
         公司) (Note) (“Simcere                                                                                            biopharmaceutical
         Biological”)                                                                                                    products
      Wuhu Simcere Zhongren                      The PRC         RMB37,000,000                —            100%        Manufacturing and sales
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.       September 19, 2008                                                               of pharmaceutical
         (蕪湖先聲中人藥業有限公司)                                                                                                  products
         (Note)
      Nanjing BioSciKin                          The PRC         RMB86,660,000                —            100%        Investment holding
         Biotechnology Development       December 13, 2018
         Co., Ltd. (南京百家匯生物
         科技發展有限公司) (Note)
      Simcere International Limited             Hong Kong        USD10,000,000                —            100%        Pharmaceutical related
                                              June 19, 2014                                                               business development
                                                                                                                          and cooperation
      Simgene LLC                         The United States       Not applicable              —            100%        Investment holding
                                              April 19, 2019




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023       169
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      15   Investments in subsidiaries - continued


                                            Place of incorporation     Particulars of   Attributable equity interest
                                                    and business/         issued and       held by the Company
            Company name                     date of incorporation    paid-in capital       Directly       Indirectly   Principal activities
            Simcere of America Inc.             The United States           USD125                —            100%     Pharmaceutical related
                                                  January 5, 2011                                                         business development
                                                                                                                          and cooperation and
                                                                                                                          investment holding
            Jiangsu Simcere                             The PRC      RMB568,800,000               —            100%     Sales, distribution
               Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.            March 28, 1995                                                         and research and
               (江蘇先聲藥業有限公司)                                                                                               development of
               (Note)                                                                                                     pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                          products
            Shanghai Simcere                             The PRC     RMB154,000,000               —            100%     Sales and distribution
               Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.              July 20, 2000                                                        of pharmaceutical
               (上海先聲藥業有限公司)                                                                                               products
               (Note)
            Zigong Yirong Industrial Co.,              The PRC        RMB2,380,000                —            100%     Manufacturing of
               Ltd. (自貢市益榮實業                   September 2, 2005                                                          pharmaceutical
               有限公司) (Note)                                                                                               ingredients
            Shandong Simcere                            The PRC      RMB50,000,000                —            100%     Manufacturing and sales
               Bio-Pharmaceutical                   June 30, 1999                                                         of pharmaceutical
               Co., Ltd. (山東先聲生物                                                                                          products
               製藥有限公司) (Note)
            Simcere Biology Medical                     The PRC      RMB50,000,000                —            100%     Research and
               Technology Co., Ltd.                March 14, 2012                                                         development of
               (先聲生物醫藥科技                                                                                                  biopharmaceutical
               有限公司) (Note)                                                                                               products
            Hainan Simcere Zaiming                     The PRC       RMB300,000,000               —            100%     Research and
               Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.         December 3, 2020                                                          development of
               (海南先聲再明醫藥股份                                                                                                biopharmaceutical
               有限公司) (formerly known                                                                                      products
               as Simcere Zaiming
               Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
               (先聲再明醫藥有限公司))
               (“Simcere Zaiming”)(Note)
            Simcere(Beijing)                             The PRC      RMB5,000,000                —            100%     Research and
               Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.             April 21, 2021                                                        development of
               (先聲（北京）醫藥有限公司)                                                                                             biopharmaceutical
               (Note)                                                                                                     products
            Shanghai Simcere Biomedical                 The PRC      RMB226,310,000               —            100%     Research and
               Co.,Ltd. (上海先聲                       June 29, 2021                                                         development of
               生物醫藥有限公司) (Note)                                                                                           biopharmaceutical
                                                                                                                          products
            Jiangsu Xiansheng Biology                   The PRC      RMB200,000,000               —            100%     Manufacturing and sales
               Medical Co., Ltd. (江蘇先盛             March 11, 2022                                                         of pharmaceutical
               生物醫藥有限公司)(Note)                                                                                            products




170   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               (Expressed in Renminbi)


15   Investments in subsidiaries - continued


                                    Place of incorporation     Particulars of   Attributable equity interest
                                            and business/         issued and       held by the Company
      Company name                   date of incorporation    paid-in capital       Directly       Indirectly      Principal activities
      Shanghai Xianxiang Medical               The PRC        RMB10,000,000               —            100%        Research and
         Technology Co., Ltd.         September 27, 2022                                                             development of
         (上海先祥醫藥科技有限公司)                                                                                              biopharmaceutical
         (Note)                                                                                                      products
      Jiangsu Simcere Zaiming                  The PRC       RMB100,000,000               —            100%        Sales and distribution
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.       December 9, 2022                                                             of pharmaceutical
         (江蘇先聲再明醫藥                                                                                                   products
         有限公司)(Note)
      Beijing Simcere Zaiming                  The PRC         RMB5,000,000               —            100%        Sales, distribution
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.      December 27, 2022                                                             and research and
         (北京先聲再明醫藥                                                                                                   development of
         有限公司)(Note)                                                                                                 pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                     products
      Nanjing Zaiming                           The PRC      RMB110,000,000               —            100%        Sales, distribution
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.         January 17, 2023                                                            and research and
        (南京再明醫藥有限公司)                                                                                                 development of
        (Note)                                                                                                       pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                     products
      Simcere Zaiming Inc.              The United States              USD1               —            100%        Pharmaceutical related
                                        February 17, 2023                                                            business development
                                                                                                                     and cooperation and
                                                                                                                     investment holding
      Simcere Pharmaceutical              The Republic of Singapore Dollar 1              —            100%        Pharmaceutical related
        (Singapore) Pte, Ltd                   Singapore                                                             business development
                                            May 12, 2023                                                             and cooperation
      Nanjing Jiayuantang                       The PRC       RMB9,730,000                —            100%        Sales of pharmaceutical
         Biotechnology Co., Ltd.        November 8, 2018                                                             products
         (南京佳原堂生物科技
         有限公司) (Note)
      Jiangsu Jiayuantang                      The PRC                     —              —            100%        Sales of pharmaceutical
         Biotechnology Co., Ltd.       December 24, 2018                                                             products
         (江蘇佳原堂生物科技
         有限公司) (Note)
      Shanghai Zaiming                         The PRC                     —              —            100%        Research and
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.      December 18, 2023                                                             development of
         (上海再明醫藥有限公司)                                                                                                biopharmaceutical
         (Note)                                                                                                      products
      Shanghai Simcere Medical                 The PRC                     —              —            100%        Sales and distribution
         Technology Co., Ltd.          December 22, 2023                                                             of pharmaceutical
         (上海先聲醫藥科技                                                                                                   products
         有限公司) (Note)
     Note:

     These entities are limited liability companies established in the PRC. The official names of these entities are in Chinese.
     The English translation of the Company names is for identification purpose only.



                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023       171
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      16   Interest in associates

           Details of the Group’s interest in associates as at December 31, 2023 which is accounted for using
           equity method in the consolidated financial statements are set out below:

                                                                                                 Proportion of ownership interest
                                                                              Particulars of
                                                    Form of        Place of      issued and    Group’s
                                                   business incorporation           paid up    effective       Held by        Held by
            Name of associate                      structure   and business          capital   interest the Company       a subsidiary     Principal activity
            Nanjing Ruichu Pharm Co., Ltd.      Incorporated       The PRC RMB2,735,000            5.4%             —               5.4%   Development and
              (“Nanjing Ruichu”)                                                                                                             manufacturing of
                                                                                                                                             pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                             ingredients
            Nanjing Coenlis Biopharmaceutical   Incorporated       The PRC RMB8,622,000          19.7%              —           19.7%      Development and
              Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Coenlis”)                                                                                                  manufacturing of
                                                                                                                                             pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                             ingredients

           In August 2021, the Group acquired 12.5% of equity interest in Nanjing Ruichu through capital
           injection of RMB5,000,000. The proportion of the Group’s equity interest in Nanjing Ruichu was diluted
           to 8.9% in 2022 and further to 5.4% in 2023 due to the new financing obtained by Nanjing Ruichu.
           The Group has a right to appoint one director to the board of Nanjing Ruichu in accordance with the
           investment agreement, therefore the directors of the Company are in the view that the Group can cast
           significant influence on Nanjing Ruichu and account for the equity interest in Nanjing Ruichu using
           the equity method.

           In August 2023, the Group established Nanjing Coenlis with third parties by capital contribution
           through the transfer of certain machinery and equipment. During the year ended December 31, 2023,
           due to the new financing obtained by Nanjing Coenlis, the effective interest decreased from 25.5% to
           19.7%. The Group has a right to appoint one director to the board of Nanjing Coenlis in accordance
           with the investment agreement, therefore the directors of the Company are in the view that the
           Group can cast significant influence on Nanjing Coenlis and account for the equity interest in Nanjing
           Coenlis using the equity method.

           Both entities are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market price are not available.




172   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


16   Interest in associates - continued

     The directors of the Company consider that there are no material associates.

     Aggregate financial information of associates accounted for using equity method and not individually
     material:

                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
      Carrying amount of associates in the consolidated
        financial statements                                                     12,502               4,978

                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
      Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those associates’
        Loss from operations                                                     (2,225)                (813)
        Gain on dilution of interests                                               8,048               928
        Total comprehensive income                                                  5,823               115




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   173
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      16   Interest in associates - continued

           Details of the Group’s interest in an associate as at December 31, 2023 which is accounted for using
           FVPL method in the consolidated financial statements are set out below:

                                                                                                   Proportion of ownership interest
                                                                                 Particulars of
                                                           Form of      Place of   issued and      Group’s
                                                         business incorporation        paid-up    effective      Held by        Held by Principal
            Name of associate                            structure and business         capital    interest the Company     a subsidiary activity
            Jiaxing Andicon Biotechnology Co., Ltd.   Incorporated      The PRC RMB8,622,000         5,2%              –              5.2% Development and
               (“Andicon”)                                                                                                                    manufacturing of
                                                                                                                                              pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                              ingredients

           In November 2023, the Group entered into an investment agreement for acquisition of 5.2% interest
           in Andicon with preferred rights at consideration of RMB40,000,000. The Group has a right to appoint
           one director to the board of Andicon in accordance with the investment agreement, therefore the
           directors of the Company are in the view that the Group has significant influence on Andicon and
           measure the interest in Andicon at fair value through profit or loss, as it is not subject to the current
           access to the returns associated with the ownership interest due to the preferred rights. As at
           December 31, 2023, the director of the Company consider the fair value of this investment is not
           materially different from the consideration.

           Andicon is an unlisted corporate entity whose quoted market price is not available.




174   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


17   Interest in joint ventures

     Details of the Group’s interest in joint ventures as at December 31, 2023 which is accounted for using
     equity method in the consolidated financial statements are set out below:

                                                                                              Proportion of ownership interest
                                                                            Particulars of
                                                      Form of      Place of   issued and      Group’s
                                                    business incorporation        paid-up    effective      Held by        Held by Principal
      Name of joint venture                         structure and business         capital    interest the Company     a subsidiary activity
      Simnogen Biotech Ltd.                      Incorporated      The PRC USD 4,000,000         51%             —               51% Research and
                                                                                                                                        development
                                                                                                                                        of innovative
                                                                                                                                        pharmaceuticals
                                                                                                                                        and vaccine
                                                                                                                                        products

      Jiangsu Xinhaikang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd Incorporated      The PRC RMB 23,500,000        70%             —               70% Manufacturing
         (“Xinhaikang”)                                                                                                                and sales of
                                                                                                                                       pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                       products

     In June 2019, the Group acquired 51% of the equity interest in Simnogen Biotech Ltd. from a company
     controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group, BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding
     Group Co., Ltd., at a consideration of RMB5,200,000. Simnogen Biotech Ltd. is mainly engaged in
     research and development of innovative pharmaceutical and vaccine products. According to the
     articles of association, no single investor is in a position to control the investors’ meeting nor no
     single director appointed by either investor is in a position to control the board of directors. Therefore,
     the directors of the Company consider that the Group is not able to control Simnogen Biotech Ltd. and
     deem it to be a joint venture of the Group rather than a subsidiary.

     In January 2023, the Group acquired 70% of the equity interest in Xinhaikang from former shareholder
     of Xinhaikang at a consideration of RMB91,000,000. Xinhaikang is mainly engaged in manufacturing
     and sales of pharmaceutical products. According to the articles of association, certain key operating
     decision making should be agreed in consensus. Therefore, the directors of the Company consider
     that the Group is not able to control Xinhaikang and deem it to be a joint venture of the Group rather
     than a subsidiary.

     Both joint ventures in which the Group participates are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted
     market price is not available.




                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023       175
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      17   Interest in joint ventures - continued

           The directors of the Company consider that there are no material joint ventures.

           Aggregate financial information of joint ventures that are not individually material:

                                                                               December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
            Carrying amount of the joint venture in
              the consolidated financial statements                                   98,069               4,477


            Amount of the Group’s share of the joint venture’s
              Loss from operations                                                     2,021                  75
              Total comprehensive income                                               2,021                  75



      18   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000
            Equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling)
              —Listed equity securities                                                   10,714          23,414
              —Unlisted equity securities                                               163,553         114,360

                                                                                        174,267         137,774


           The listed equity securities at FVOCI (non-recycling), represent investment in listed equity securities
           issued by listed companies incorporated in the United States. The unlisted equity security at FVOCI
           (non-recycling), represents investment in unlisted equity interest in private entity incorporated in
           the PRC. These investments are engaged in research and development of innovative pharmaceutical
           products.

           The Group designated these investments at FVOCI (non-recycling), as the investments are held
           for strategic purposes. No dividends were received on these investments during the year ended
           December 31, 2023 and 2022.

           The analysis on the fair value measurement of the above financial assets is disclosed in Note 38(e).




176   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi)


19   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
      Financial assets at FVPL - non-current
      —Listed equity security                                                     159,540           876,263
      —Unlisted investments                                                       563,077           517,555
      —Unlisted units in investment funds                                         531,714           662,882

                                                                                1,254,331         2,056,700


     The Group’s non-current balances of financial assets at FVPL represent listed equity securities
     issued by listed company incorporated in Australia, the Cayman Islands, the unlisted investments
     in private entities incorporated in the PRC, the United States and the Cayman Islands and unlisted
     units in investment funds incorporated in the PRC, the United States, and the Netherlands. These
     investments are primarily engaged or further invested in the healthcare and pharmaceutical sectors.

     The analysis on the fair value measurement of the Group’s above financial assets is disclosed in Note
     38(e).


20   Loan to a third party

                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
      Due over 1 year                                                             100,326                 —


     On November 8, 2023, the Group entered into a loan agreement with a third-party entity incorporated
     in the PRC. Pursuant of the loan agreement, the Group agreed to lend a loan of RMB100,000,000 with
     interest rate agreed as long prime rate (“LPR”) on the day before the drown down date, i.e. 3.45%. The
     accrued interest is repayable on quarterly basis and the loan principal is repayable in full at the end
     of 36 months from the drawn down date. The loans are fully secured by machinery held by the third
     party.

     In 2023, the Group also entered into an agreement with this third party for an exclusive
     commercialization right in relation to a drug under development, the upfront payment is refundable
     under certain circumstance (see Note 24).

     As at December 31, 2023, loan to a third party represented the outstanding principal and accrued
     interest income.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   177
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      21   Inventories

           (a)   Inventories in the consolidated statements of financial position comprise:

                                                                                          2023         2022
                                                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                  (restated)
                                                                                                   (Note 39)
                  Raw materials                                                        212,668      118,185
                  Semi-finished goods                                                   96,424       49,765
                  Finished goods                                                       305,470      136,830

                                                                                       614,562      304,780



           (b)   The analysis of the amount of inventories recognized as an expense and included in profit or
                 loss is as follows:

                                                                                          2023         2022
                                                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                  (restated)
                                                                                                   (Note 39)
                  Carrying amount of inventories sold                                 1,109,694     834,993
                  Provision for write-down of inventories                               64,291       49,578

                                                                                      1,173,985     884,571


                 All inventories are expected to be recovered within one year.


      22   Contract assets

                                                                                          2023         2022
                                                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000


            Contract assets arising from research service                               13,000            —


           The Group’s research service contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments
           over the research service period once milestones are reached.

           All of the contract assets are expected to be recovered within one year.




178   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


23   Trade and bills receivables

                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                    (restated)
                                                                                                    (Note 39)
      Trade receivables                                                          1,996,245          1,872,701
      Bills receivable                                                             658,575            490,804

                                                                                 2,654,820          2,363,505


      Less: loss allowance                                                          (23,175)          (24,675)

                                                                                 2,631,645          2,338,830


     All of the trade and bills receivables are expected to be recovered within one year.

     As at December 31, 2023, bills receivable of RMB75,977,000 were pledged for issuance of bills payable
     (2022: RMB115,465,000).


     Aging analysis

     As of the end of the reporting period, the aging analysis of trade and bills receivables, based on the
     invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                    (restated)
                                                                                                    (Note 39)
      Within 3 months                                                            2,014,485          1,822,014
      Over 3 months but within 6 months                                            564,369            514,009
      Over 6 months but within 9 months                                             47,761              1,739
      Over 9 months but within 12 months                                              5,030               418
      Over 12 months                                                                     —                650

                                                                                 2,631,645          2,338,830


     Trade and bills receivables are due within 30-90 days from the date of billing. Further details on the
     Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade and bills receivables are set out in Note 38(a).




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   179
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      23   Trade and bills receivables - continued

           As at December 31, 2023, the Group endorsed certain bills receivable to suppliers for settling trade
           payables of the same amount on a full recourse basis. The Group has derecognized these bills
           receivable and payables to suppliers in their entirety. In the opinion of the directors of the Company,
           the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of these bills and
           has discharged its obligation of the payables to its suppliers, and the Group has limited exposure
           in respect of the settlement obligation of these bills receivable under the relevant PRC rules and
           regulations, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date. The Group considers the
           issuing banks of these bills are of good credit quality and non-settlement of these bills by the issuing
           banks on maturity is not probable. As at December 31, 2023, the Group’s maximum exposure to loss
           and undiscounted cash outflow, which is the same as the amount payable by the Group to suppliers
           in respect of the endorsed bills, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date,
           amounted to RMB34,219,000 (2022: RMB139,635,000).

      24   Prepayments, deposits and other receivables

                                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                               (restated)
                                                                                                                (Note 39)
             Current
             Prepayments for raw materials and expenses                                        155,577             66,809
             Value added tax recoverable                                                        73,275             33,694
             Other deposits and receivables                                                     80,468             65,667

                                                                                               309,320            166,170

             Less: loss allowance (Note i)                                                      (22,543)             (310)

                                                                                               286,777            165,860

             Non-current
             Prepayments for property, plant and equipment                                      21,275             36,129
             Deposits for investments                                                               —              43,680
             Other deposits and receivables                                                     21,315             17,661
             Prepayments for exclusive commercialization rights (Note ii)                      146,364                 —

                                                                                               188,954             97,470


           Notes:

           (i)    As at 31 December 2023, the loss allowance included an impairment loss on prepayments for raw materials of
                  RMB21,600,000 (2022: nil).

           (ii)   The balance of prepayments for exclusive commercialization rights represented upfront payments which is
                  refundable under certain circumstance.

           All of prepayments, deposits and other receivables current balances are expected to be recovered or
           recognized as expense within one year.


180   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi)


25   Cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, restricted deposits, and time
     deposits

     (a)   Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                   (restated)
                                                                                                   (Note 39)
            Cash at bank                                                        2,007,162          1,658,312


           As at December 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalents situated in Chinese Mainland amounted to
           RMB1,843,969,000 (2022: RMB1,495,666,000). Remittance of funds out of Chinese Mainland is
           subject to relevant rules and regulations of foreign exchange control.


     (b)   Pledged deposits and restricted deposits comprise:

                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
            Pledged deposits for
              — issuance of letter of guarantee                                     52,513               560


                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
            Restricted deposits for
              — research and development projects                                    7,926            13,435
              — litigations (Note 31)                                                3,990                  -
              — 2021 RSU Scheme                                                     10,232             5,943

                                                                                    22,148            19,378



     (c)   Time deposits comprise:

                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
            Current portion                                                         11,137           964,226
            Non-current portion                                                       673             10,752

                                                                                    11,810           974,978




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   181
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      25   Cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, restricted deposits, and time
           deposits - continued

           (d)   Reconciliation of profits before taxation to cash generated from operations

                                                                                         2023         2022
                                                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                                 (restated)
                                                                         Note                    (Note 39)
                  Profit before taxation                                              740,038      886,254
                  Adjustments for:
                    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment        6(c)         291,507      268,662
                    Amortization of intangible assets                    6(c)          18,087       14,985
                    Net finance income                                   6(a)         (20,392)     (25,459)
                    Share of profits of associates                        16           (5,823)        (115)
                    Share of profits of joint ventures                    17           (2,021)         (75)
                    Net (gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and
                      equipment                                          5(b)          (2,433)      10,571
                    Net realized and unrealized losses/(gains) on
                      financial assets at fair value through profit or
                      loss                                               5(b)         744,816     (113,112)
                    Net gain on disposal of interest in subsidiaries     5(b)        (789,491)           —
                    Impairment loss on a manufacturing plant             5(b)           6,871            —
                    Impairment loss on prepayments                       5(b)          21,600            —
                    Provision for litigations                            5(b)          25,990            —
                    Equity settled share-based payment expenses           34           12,119      138,290
                    Reversals loss on trade and other receivables        6(c)            (867)     (13,972)
                    Provision for write-down of inventories              21(b)         64,291       49,578
                    Foreign exchange loss                                               3,690       51,754


                  Changes in working capital:
                  Increase in restricted deposits                                      (2,770)     (14,353)
                  Increase in inventories                                            (376,639)    (116,992)
                  (Increase)/decrease in trade and bills receivables                 (294,854)      75,244
                  Increase in prepayments, deposits and other
                    receivables                                                      (153,575)     (14,588)
                  Increase in contract assets                                         (13,000)           —
                  (Decrease)/increase in trade and bills payables                     (15,044)      11,000
                  (Decrease)/increase in other payables and accruals                  (80,631)     153,594
                  Decrease in deferred income                                         (10,238)     (14,263)

                  Cash generated from operations                                      161,231    1,347,003




182   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


25   Cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, restricted deposits, and time
     deposits - continued

     (e)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

           The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both
           cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which
           cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow
           statements as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                Bank loans Lease liabilities              Total
                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                  (Note 26)        (Note 27)
            At January 1, 2023                                   1,292,067          214,677          1,506,744

            Changes from financing cash flows:
            Proceeds from bank loans                             1,215,743                —          1,215,743
            Repayment of bank loans                              (1,284,428)              —         (1,284,428)
            Capital element of lease rentals paid                        —          (82,386)           (82,386)
            Interest element of lease rentals paid                       —            (7,513)           (7,513)
            Interest paid                                           (27,959)              —            (27,959)

            Total changes from financing cash flows                 (96,644)        (89,899)          (186,543)

            Exchange adjustments                                     (1,499)           1,540                 41

            Other changes:
            Increase in lease liabilities from entering into
              new leases during the year                                 —          100,479            100,479
            Decrease in lease liabilities from ceasing
              leases during the year                                     —          (26,065)           (26,065)
            Interest expenses (Note 6(a))                            27,055            7,513            34,568

            Total other changes                                      27,055          81,927            108,982

            At December 31, 2023                                 1,220,979          208,245          1,429,224




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023   183
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      25   Cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, restricted deposits, and time
           deposits - continued

           (e)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities - continued

                                                                      Bank loans Lease liabilities             Total
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                         (Note 26)        (Note 27)
                  At January 1, 2022                                    1,530,085          105,797        1,635,882

                  Changes from financing cash flows:
                  Proceeds from bank loans                                916,932                   —       916,932
                  Repayment of bank loans                               (1,184,161)                 —     (1,184,161)
                  Capital element of lease rentals paid                         —              (49,146)      (49,146)
                  Interest element of lease rentals paid                        —               (6,754)       (6,754)
                  Interest paid                                            (23,229)                 —        (23,229)

                  Total changes from financing cash flows                (290,458)             (55,900)    (346,358)

                  Exchange adjustments                                     24,786               3,692        28,478

                  Other changes:


                  Increase in lease liabilities from entering into
                    new leases during the year                                  —          154,334          154,334
                  Interest expenses (Note 6(a))                            27,654               6,754        34,408

                  Total other changes                                      27,654          161,088          188,742

                  At December 31, 2022                                  1,292,067          214,677        1,506,744




184   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Renminbi)


25   Cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, restricted deposits, and time
     deposits - continued

     (f)   Total cash flow for leases

           Amounts included in the cash flow statement for leases comprise the following:

                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                               (restated)
                                                                                               (Note 39)
            Within operating cash flows                                          7,448            15,052
            Within investing cash flows                                        137,745            82,024
            Within financing cash flows                                         89,899            55,900

                                                                               235,092           152,976


           These amounts relate to the following:

                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                               (restated)
            Lease rentals paid                                                  97,347            70,952
            Increase in leasehold land                                         137,745            82,024

                                                                               235,092           152,976




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   185
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      25   Cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, restricted deposits, and time
           deposits - continued

           (g)   Net cash flow arising from disposal of interest in subsidiaries

                 During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group disposed its interests in BCY and Simcere
                 (Shanghai).

                 Aggregate of assets and liabilities at the date of disposal of the subsidiaries over which control
                 was lost:

                                                                                                            2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000
                  Property, plant and equipment                                                          195,432
                  Intangible assets                                                                       43,502
                  Goodwill                                                                                30,314
                  Trade and bill receivables                                                                3,539
                  Other receivables                                                                         2,549
                  Time deposits                                                                           10,234
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                               91,213
                  Trade payables                                                                           (3,171)
                  Other payables and accruals                                                             (18,445)
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                (10,875)

                  Net assets disposed of                                                                 344,292


                 Net gain on disposal of interest in subsidiaries:

                                                                                                            2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000
                  Cash consideration (Note 5(b))                                                       1,126,865


                  Net assets disposed of                                                                (344,292)
                  Non-controlling interest disposal of                                                    15,251
                  Fair value of the remaining interest in the disposed subsidiaries                       54,150
                  Effect of plant and buildings leased back                                               (54,465)
                  Transaction costs                                                                        (8,018)

                  Net gain on disposal of interest in subsidiaries (Note 5(b))                           789,491




186   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


25   Cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, restricted deposits, and time
     deposits - continued

     Analysis of net cash in respect of the disposal of interest in subsidiaries is as follows:

                                                                                                         2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000
       Consideration                                                                                1,126,865
       Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed of                                                    (91,213)
       Transaction costs                                                                               (8,018)
       Consideration receivable as at December 31, 2023                                               (34,114)

       Net proceeds received for disposal of interest in subsidiaries                                 993,520



26   Bank loans

     The maturity profile for the interest-bearing bank loans of the Group at the end of each reporting
     period is as follows:

                                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000
       Short-term bank loans                                                        762,427         1,183,700
       Current portion of long-term bank loans                                      252,706           108,367

       Within 1 year or on demand                                                 1,015,133         1,292,067

       After 1 year but within 2 years                                              197,655                 —
       After 2 years but within 5 years                                               1,965                 —
       After 5 years                                                                  6,226                 —

                                                                                    205,846                 —

                                                                                  1,220,979         1,292,067


     Notes:

     (i)    As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the bank loans were unsecured.

     (ii)   Fulfilment of loan covenants

     Certain banking facilities of the Group are subject to the fulfilment of certain covenants, as are
     commonly found in lending arrangements with financial institutions. The Group regularly monitors its
     compliance with these covenants. Further details of the Group’s management of liquidity risk are set
     out in Note 38(b). As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, none of the covenants relating to drawn down
     facilities was breached.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   187
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      27   Lease liabilities

           At December 31, 2023, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:

                                                                                          2023            2022
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000
            Within 1 year                                                               79,848           58,756

            After 1 year but within 2 years                                             53,848           56,711
            After 2 years but within 5 years                                            57,752           82,693
            After 5 years                                                               16,797           16,517

                                                                                       128,397         155,921

                                                                                       208,245         214,677



      28   Trade and bills payables

                                                                                          2023            2022
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                     (restated)
                                                                                                      (Note 39)
            Trade payables                                                             228,585         227,148
            Bills payable                                                               88,633         108,285

                                                                                       317,218         335,433


           As of the end of the reporting period, the aging analysis of trade and bills payables, based on the
           invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                          2023            2022
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                     (restated)
                                                                                                      (Note 39)
            Within 3 months                                                            220,812         240,701
            3 to 12 months                                                              94,377           93,289
            Over 12 months                                                               2,029            1,443

                                                                                       317,218         335,433


           All of the trade and bills payables are expected to be settled within one year or repayable on demand.




188   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (Expressed in Renminbi)


29   Other payables and accruals

                                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                (restated)
                                                                                                                (Note 39)
       Accrued expenses (Note i)                                                             495,241              583,739
       Contract liabilities (Note ii)                                                         43,311               63,338
       Payable for employee reimbursements                                                    18,236               28,884
       Payables for staff related costs                                                      335,832              335,601
       Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                  29,675              21,877
       Other tax payables                                                                    152,670              134,133
       Payables for research and development costs                                             43,516              41,695
       Payable for in-licensed rights                                                          47,170                     –
       Others                                                                                  64,161              60,533

                                                                                            1,229,812           1,269,800


     All of the other payables and accruals are expected to be settled within one year or repayable on
     demand.

     Notes:

     (i)    Accrued expenses primarily comprise marketing and promotion expenses, research and development costs and
            other expenses.

     (ii)   Contract liabilities represent customers’ advances received for goods that have not yet been transferred to the
            customers.

            Movements in contract liabilities

                                                                                                2023                 2022
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
              Balance at 1 January                                                              63,338              26,140
              Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognizing revenue
                during the year that was included in the contract liabilities at
                the beginning of the year                                                      (63,338)             (26,140)
              Increase in contract liabilities as a result of customers’ advances
                received for goods and services that have not yet been
                transferred to the customers as at the year end                                 43,311              63,338

              Balance at 31 December                                                            43,311              63,338


            Contract liabilities are expected to be recognized as income within one year.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   189
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      30      Income tax in the consolidated statements of financial position

              (a)     Current taxation in the consolidated statements of financial position represents:

                                                                                                                                    2023                       2022
                                                                                                                               RMB’000                      RMB’000
                        At the beginning of the year                                                                               4,056                        (634)
                        Provision for income tax for the year                                                                    28,953                      11,271
                        Over-provision in respect of prior years                                                                  (4,927)                    (13,677)
                        Tax (paid)/refund                                                                                       (10,183)                      7,096

                        At the end of the year                                                                                   17,899                       4,056

                        Represented by:
                        Taxation recoverable                                                                                                –                 (6,506)
                        Taxation payable                                                                                         17,899                      10,562

                                                                                                                                 17,899                       4,056


              (b)     Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized represents:

                      (i)      The components of deferred tax assets recognized in the consolidated statements of
                               financial position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                     Depreciation    Fair value
                                            Provision    Unrealized                  of property,    change of                                      Other
                                             for asset    profits on    Deductible      plant and     financial Government       Accrued        temporary
                                           impairment    inventories    tax losses    equipment         assets      grants      expenses differences             Total
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000
       At January 1, 2022                      14,550       108,413        122,248          1,485        4,069       65,299      102,214            5,436      423,714
       Recognized in profit or loss              (144)        (6,428)       65,323           (587)       (9,033)        (67)     (59,893)             385      (10,444)
       Recognized in other comprehensive
           income                                   –              –            –               –        9,816            –            –                –        9,816

       At December 31, 2022 and
           January 1, 2023                     14,406       101,985       187,571            898         4,852      65,232        42,321            5,821      423,086
       Recognized in profit or loss             1,796       (57,578)         6,473          (348)             –        702        17,994           30,980          19
       Recognized in other comprehensive
           income                                   –              –            –               –       (1,563)           –            –                –       (1,563)

       At December 31, 2023                    16,202        44,407       194,044            550         3,289      65,934        60,315           36,801      421,542




190   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             (Expressed in Renminbi)


30   Income tax in the consolidated statements of financial position - continued

     (b)   Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized represents: - continued

           (ii)   The components of deferred tax liabilities recognized in the consolidated statements of
                  financial position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                    Fair value
                                                   adjustment Depreciation       Fair value
                                                  arising from    of property,   change of                          Other
                                                     business       plant and     financial Undistributed      temporary
                                                  combination      equipment        assets        profits     differences          Total
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
                   At January 1, 2022                  14,533          78,383       91,129        91,967              501        276,513
                   Recognized in profit or loss         (2,653)       (22,561)     (18,743)        (4,402)            (157)      (48,516)
                   Recognized in other
                     comprehensive income                    –              –      (17,791)             –                –       (17,791)
                   Exchange adjustment                       –              –        1,458              –                –         1,458

                   At December 31, 2022 and
                     January 1, 2023                   11,880          55,822       56,053        87,565              344       211,664
                   Recognized in profit or loss          (299)         (9,532)       5,938       (13,645)           19,619        2,081
                   Recognized in other
                     comprehensive income                    –              –        3,885              –                –        3,885
                   Disposals of interest in
                     subsidiaries                     (10,875)              –            –              –                –       (10,875)
                   Exchange adjustment                       –              –          461              –                –          461

                   At December 31, 2023                   706          46,290       66,337        73,920            19,963      207,216


           (iii) Reconciliation to the consolidated statements of financial position:

                                                                                                             2023                2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000
                   Net deferred tax assets recognized in the consolidated
                     statements of financial position                                                 317,002                  326,713
                   Net deferred tax liabilities recognized in the
                     consolidated statements of financial position                                   (102,676)                (115,291)

                                                                                                      214,326                  211,422




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      191
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      30   Income tax in the consolidated statements of financial position - continued

           (c)   Deferred tax assets not recognized

                 In accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(s), the Group did not recognize
                 deferred tax assets of RMB121,316,000 (2022: RMB48,963,000, as restated), in respect of
                 cumulative tax losses RMB532,288,000 (2022: RMB203,624,000, as restated) as at December 31,
                 2023. The Group did not recognize deferred tax assets of RMB4,595,000 (2022: RMB7,917,000), in
                 respect of cumulative time differences RMB16,562,000 (2022: RMB28,092,000) as at December
                 31, 2023. It was not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses and time
                 differences can be utilized will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entities.


           (d)   Deferred tax liabilities not recognized

                 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group did not recognize deferred tax liabilities of
                 RMB52,494,000 (2022: RMB37,443,000), in respect of distributable profits of the Group’s PRC
                 subsidiaries amounted to RMB1,049,874,000 (2022: RMB748,851,000), as the Group controls
                 the timing of the reversal of temporary differences associated with undistributed profits of
                 these subsidiaries and it has been determined that it is probable that these undistributed
                 profits earned by the Group’s PRC subsidiaries will not be distributed in the foreseeable future
                 in accordance with the Group’s dividend policy. As at December 31, 2023, the deferred tax
                 liabilities not recognized in respect of distributable profits of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries is
                 RMB175,025,000 (2022: RMB122,531,000).


      31   Provisions

           In June 2022, a subsidiary of the Group received a notice that it was being sued by a customer in
           respect of a supply arrangement of raw materials with an indemnity claim of RMB200 million. On
           December 29, 2023, the court awarded the first instance judgement and ruled that the claimed
           amount should be RMB22,000,000. Both the Group and the customer made an appeal application
           against the first instance judgment in January 2024. A provision of RMB22,000,000 was made in
           respect of this claim by the Group with reference to the first instance judgement.

           In October 2023, a subsidiary of the Group received a notice that it was being sued by a supplier in
           respect of a purchase agreement of machinery with an indemnity claim of RMB3,990,000. This claim
           is currently under trial. A provision of RMB3,990,000 was made by the Group in respect of this claim.


      32   Deferred income

           As at December 31, 2023, deferred income represented unamortized conditional government grants
           amounting to RMB393,112,000 (2022: RMB403,350,000) for plant relocation and construction and
           technology research and development.

           Deferred income relating to technology research and development is recognized as income upon the
           satisfaction of acceptance standards. Deferred income relating to plant relocation and construction
           is amortized over the useful life of the related property, plant and equipment upon the completion of
           the construction.



192   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


33   Other non-current liability

     In 2023, Shandong Simcere entered into an agreement with the local government to relocate
     its production plant. The local government agreed to pay an amount of RMB230,000,000 as the
     compensation for the disposal of the property, plant and equipment and related relocation costs in
     the interest of urban planning. The relocation is expected to be completed in 2027. As at December
     31, 2023, the Group had received from the local government RMB115,000,000 in relation to the
     abovementioned compensation.


34   Equity settled share-based transactions

     The 2021 RSU Scheme

     On May 20, 2021, the board of the Company approved the adoption of the 2021 Restricted Share Unit
     (“RSU”) Scheme and would grant up to 137,296,927 restricted shares to the Participants under the
     2021 RSU Scheme in aggregate.

     On June 15, 2023, the shareholders of the Company approved the amendments of the 2021 RSU
     Scheme and would grant up to 266,404,561 RSUs, representing 266,404,561 underlying shares to the
     Participants under the 2021 RSU Scheme in aggregate.

     For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company allotted and issued 3,669,000 shares (December
     31, 2022: 32,086,000 shares), to Futu Trustee Limited and Tricor Trust (Hong Kong) Limited (“the
     Trustees”), which will be issued to Participants upon the vest of the RSUs granted under 2021 RSU
     Scheme. Neither the Participants nor the Trustees may exercise any of the voting rights in respect of
     any shares held by the Trustees for the purpose of the 2021 RSU Scheme.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   193
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      34   Equity settled share-based transactions - continued

           (a)   The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                                              Number of                                                     Price per
                                              Restricted                                                   restricted
                                                 shares    Vesting condition                                   share
                                                                                                                RMB
                  Restricted shares granted
                    to directors and
                    employees:

                  2021 RSU Scheme
                  – on July 16, 2021          10,838,000   Graded vest of one third per year over three           Nil
                                                             years from the date of grant and subject to
                                                             performance conditions
                  – on November 1, 2021        8,712,000   Graded vest of one third on August 27, 2022,           Nil
                                                             2023 and 2024, respectively, and subject to
                                                             performance conditions
                  – on December 23, 2021      11,841,000   Graded vest of one third per year over three           Nil
                                                             years from the date of grant and subject to
                                                             performance conditions
                  – on May 11, 2022            6,810,000   Graded vest of one third of 1,500,000 RSUs             Nil
                                                             on January 17, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
                                                             respectively, one third of 5,310,000 RSUs
                                                             per year over three years from the date
                                                             of grant and both subject to performance
                                                             conditions
                  – on September 28, 2022     14,489,000   Graded vest of one half of 80,000 RSUs on              Nil
                                                             May 11, 2023 and 2024, Graded vest of one
                                                             third of 528,000 RSUs on May 11, 2023,
                                                             2024 and 2025, respectively, one third of
                                                             13,881,000 RSUs per year over three years
                                                             from the date of grant and both subject to
                                                             performance conditions
                  – on November 9, 2022        3,669,000   Cliff vest of 154,000 RSUs on November 9,              Nil
                                                             2023, Graded vest of one third of 3,515,000
                                                             RSUs on November 9, 2023, 2024 and
                                                             2025, and both subject to performance
                                                             conditions
                  – on June 28, 2023           4,282,000   Cliff vest of 76,000 RSUs on June 28, 2024,            Nil
                                                             Graded vest of one third of 4,206,000 RSUs
                                                             on June 28, 2024, 2025 and 2026, and both
                                                             subject to performance conditions




194   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


34   Equity settled share-based transactions - continued

     (b)   A summary of restricted shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:

                                                             2023                            2022
                                                    Weighted                        Weighted
                                                     average        Number of        average            Number of
                                                   grant-date        restricted    grant-date            restricted
                                                    fair value          shares      fair value              shares
                                                         RMB                            RMB
            Balance at the beginning of the year         7.59       39,932,000           8.20           30,941,000
            Grant during the year                        6.67        4,282,000           7.04           24,968,000
            Vested during the year                       7.86       (11,786,371)         8.19           (9,480,583)
            Forfeited during the year                    7.50       (23,882,629)         7.48           (6,496,417)

            Balance at the end of the year               7.00        8,545,000           7.59           39,932,000



     (c)   Fair value of restricted shares granted

           The grant-date fair value of the restricted shares granted is measured at the market price of the
           Company’s shares at the respective grant date.

           Share-based payment expense of RMB12,119,000 (2022: RMB138,290,000) is recognized as staff
           costs in the consolidated statements of profit or loss for the year ended December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023   195
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      35   Capital, reserves and dividends

           (a)   Movement in components of equity

                 The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
                 consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statements of changes in equity. Details of the
                 changes in the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of
                 the year are set out below:

                  The Company                                                        Reserves
                                                               Share       Other     Exchange       Retained
                                                              capital    reserve       reserve        profits       Total
                                                            RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000
                  Balance at January 1, 2022                3,002,871   2,128,142      (203,664)     735,858    5,663,207


                  Changes in equity for 2022:
                  Issue of shares for 2021 RSU scheme              –            –               –          –            –
                  Equity settled share-based transactions          –     138,290                –          –     138,290
                  Vesting of restricted shares                 78,260     (78,260)              –          –            –
                  Appropriation of dividends                       –            –               –   (391,296)    (391,296)
                  Profit and total comprehensive income
                    for the year                                   –            –      430,207       (92,144)    338,063

                  Balance at December 31, 2022 and
                    January 1, 2023                         3,081,131   2,188,172      226,543       252,418    5,748,264


                  Changes in equity for 2023:
                  Issue of shares for 2021 RSU scheme              –            –               –          –            –
                  Equity settled share-based transactions          –      12,119                –          –      12,119
                  Vesting of restricted shares                92,674      (92,674)              –          –            –
                  Purchase of own shares                           –            –               –   (289,073)   (289,073)
                  Appropriation of dividends                       –            –               –   (419,218)   (419,218)
                  Profit and total comprehensive income
                    for the year                                   –            –      142,103       588,455     730,558

                  Balance at December 31, 2023              3,173,805   2,107,617      368,646       132,582    5,782,650




196   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


35   Capital, reserves and dividends - continued

     (b)   Dividends

           (i)    Dividend payable to equity shareholders of the Company attribute to the year:

                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                   Dividends proposed after the end of the reporting period
                     of RMB0.16 per ordinary share (2022: RMB0.16 per
                     ordinary share)                                              418,675           425,660
                   Less: Dividends for unvested shares under 2021 RSU
                           scheme                                                   (5,462)           (6,761)

                                                                                  413,213           418,899


                  The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognized
                  as a liability at the end of the reporting period.

           (ii)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous
                  financial years, declared and approved during the year:

                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                   Dividends in respect of previous financial
                     years approved and paid during the year,
                     of RMB0.16 per share (2022: RMB0.15 per share)               419,218           391,296




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   197
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      35   Capital, reserves and dividends - continued

           (c)   Share capital

                 (i)   Issued share capital

                                                                           Number of       Number of
                                                                          outstanding     shares held
                                                                               shares        for RSU
                                                                  Note       fully paid      scheme                Total
                        Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
                        At January 1, 2022                               2,608,641,618     19,649,000      2,628,290,618
                        Issues of ordinary shares under 2021
                          RSU Scheme                              (a)                –     32,086,000         32,086,000
                        Vesting of restricted shares              (c)        9,480,583     (9,480,583)                 –

                        At December 31, 2022 and January 1,
                          2023                                           2,618,122,201    42,254,417       2,660,376,618
                        Issues of ordinary shares under 2021
                          RSU Scheme                              (b)                –      3,669,000         3,669,000
                        Purchase of own shares                    (ii)     (47,323,000)              –       (47,323,000)
                        Vesting of restricted shares              (d)      11,786,371     (11,786,371)                 –

                        At December 31, 2023                             2,582,585,572    34,137,046       2,616,722,618


                                                                                              Note                HKD
                        Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
                        At January 1, 2022                                                               3,474,779,512
                        Vesting of restricted shares                                           (c)         89,478,610

                        At December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2023                                         3,564,258,122
                        Vesting of restricted shares                                           (d)        101,869,282

                        At December 31, 2023                                                             3,666,127,404




198   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (Expressed in Renminbi)


35   Capital, reserves and dividends - continued

     (c)   Share capital - continued

           (i)   Issued share capital - continued

                 Notes:

                 (a)   On January 10, 2022, May 25, 2022, and November 4, 2022, the Company allotted and issued 11,841,000
                       shares, 6,776,000 shares and 13,469,000 shares, respectively, to the Trustees for the purpose of the
                       2021 RSU Scheme (see Note 34).

                 (b)   On May 10, 2023, the Company allotted and issued 3,669,000 shares to the Trustees for the purpose of
                       the 2021 RSU Scheme (see Note 34).

                 (c)   In 2022, a total of 9,480,583 restricted shares were vested under 2021 RSU Scheme, RMB78,260,000
                       (HKD equivalent 89,478,610) was transferred from the other reserve to the share capital account in
                       accordance with policy set out in Note 2(r)(ii).

                 (d)   In 2023, a total of 11,786,371 restricted shares were vested under 2021 RSU Scheme, RMB92,674,000
                       (HKD equivalent 101,869,282) was transferred from the other reserve to the share capital account in
                       accordance with policy set out in Note 2(r)(ii).

                 In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary
                 shares of the Company do not have a par value.

                 The holders of ordinary shares, except for the shares held by the Trustees, are entitled to
                 receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at
                 meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s
                 residual assets.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023     199
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      35   Capital, reserves and dividends - continued

           (c)   Share capital - continued

                 (ii)   Purchase of own shares

                        During the year, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares on The Stock Exchange
                        of Hong Kong Limited as follows:

                                                               Number of
                                                                  shares     Highest price    Lowest price     Aggregate
                        Month/Year                           repurchased    paid per share   paid per share        price
                                                                                      HKD              HKD          HKD
                         June 2023                              7,043,000             7.77             7.20    53,079,460
                         September 2023                        21,028,000             6.62             6.05   134,310,160
                         October 2023                          14,375,000             6.82             5.92    91,606,080
                         November 2023                          2,019,000             7.36             6.80    14,496,730
                         December 2023                          2,858,000             7.15             6.24    18,963,990

                         Total                                 47,323,000                                     312,456,420

                         Equivalent to RMB                                                                    289,073,000


                        The repurchase was governed by section 257 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
                        The total amount paid on the repurchased shares of HKD312,456,420 (RMB equivalent
                        289,073,000) was paid wholly out of retained profits.

                        As at December 31, 2023, 14,253,000 shares of repurchased shares were not cancelled yet
                        and were subsequent cancelled on February 5, 2024.

           (d)   Nature and purpose of reserves

                 (i)    Other reserve

                        Other reserve primarily represented: (i) the paid-in capital of Simcere Pharmaceutical and
                        Hainan Simcere prior to the transactions in June and August 2017 respectively, during
                        the course of the reorganization under common control; (ii) the difference between the
                        carrying value of the net assets acquired and the consideration paid for the acquisition
                        of subsidiaries and non-controlling interests prior to the January 1, 2017 and during
                        the course of the reorganization under common control; (iii) the accumulated share
                        based compensation for the unexercised share options, which were cancelled upon
                        the privatization of the former holding company of the Group’s substantial operating
                        business, Excel Investments Group Limited (formerly known as Simcere Investments
                        Group); (iv) the portion of the grant date fair value of restricted shares granted by Simcere
                        Pharmaceutical Holding Limited (“SPHL”) to the directors of the Company and employees
                        of the Group; (v) the accumulated share based payments for the unvested restricted
                        shares granted under 2021 RSU Scheme, which are expected to vest, that has been
                        recognized in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for share-based payments in
                        Note 2(r)(ii); and (vi) the differences between the consideration payable by the Group and
                        the share capital of the entities acquired under common control.


200   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


35   Capital, reserves and dividends - continued

     (d)   Nature and purpose of reserves - continued

           (ii)    PRC statutory reserve

                   Statutory reserve is established in accordance with the relevant PRC rules and regulations
                   and the articles of association of the companies comprising the Group which are
                   incorporated in the PRC.

                   In accordance with the PRC Company Law, certain subsidiaries of the Group which are
                   domestic enterprises are required to allocate 10% of their profit after tax, as determined
                   in accordance with the relevant PRC accounting standards, to their respective statutory
                   reserves until the reserves reach 50% of their respective registered capital. For the entity
                   concerned, statutory reserves can be used to make good previous years’ losses, if any, and
                   may be converted into capital in proportion to the existing equity interests of investors,
                   provided that the balance of the reserve after such conversion is not less than 25% of the
                   entity’s registered capital.


           (iii)   Exchange reserve

                   The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the
                   translation of the financial statements of operations with functional currency other than
                   RMB. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policy as set out in Note
                   2(v).


           (iv)    Fair value reserves (non-recycling)

                   The fair value reserve (non-recycling) comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value
                   of equity investments designated at FVOCI under HKFRS 9 that are held at the end of the
                   reporting period (see Note 2(g)(ii)).




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   201
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      35   Capital, reserves and dividends - continued

           (e)   Capital management

                 The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
                 continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and
                 benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level
                 of risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.

                 The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintaining a
                 balance between the higher shareholders returns that might be possible with higher levels of
                 borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes
                 adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions.

                 The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of an adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio.
                 For this purpose, adjusted net debt is defined as total debt (which includes bank loans and lease
                 liabilities) plus unaccrued proposed dividends, less cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted capital
                 comprises all components of equity less unaccrued proposed dividends.

                 The Group’s adjusted net debt to capital ratio are as follows:

                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                      (restated)
                                                                                                       (Note 39)
                  Current liabilities:
                  Bank loans                                                          1,015,133        1,292,067
                  Lease liabilities                                                      79,848           58,756

                                                                                      1,094,981        1,350,823

                  Non-current liabilities:
                  Bank loans                                                            205,846                –
                  Lease liabilities                                                     128,397          155,921

                                                                                        334,243          155,921

                  Total debt                                                          1,429,224        1,506,744
                  Add: Proposed dividends                                               413,213          418,899
                  Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                    (2,007,162)      (1,658,312)

                  Adjusted net (asset)/debt                                            (164,725)         267,331

                  Total equity                                                        7,222,736        7,147,772
                  Less: Proposed dividends                                             (413,213)        (418,899)

                  Adjusted capital                                                    6,809,523        6,728,873

                  Adjusted net debt to capital ratio                                        N/A            4.0%


202   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Renminbi)


36   Capital commitments

     Capital commitments outstanding at the respective year end not provided for in the consolidated
     financial statements are as follows:

                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000
      Contracted for                                                          586,333           281,749

      Represented by:
      Construction of plant and buildings                                     571,872           209,634
      Acquisition of machinery and equipment                                   14,461            72,115

                                                                              586,333           281,749



37   Material related party transactions

     (a)   Key management personnel remuneration

           Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the
           Company’s directors as disclosed in Note 8 and certain of the highest paid employees as
           disclosed in Note 9 is as follows:

                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000
            Short-term employee benefits                                       32,266            71,104
            Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                558               745
            Equity settled share-based payment expenses                         (1,850)          34,098

                                                                               30,974           105,947


           Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see Note 6(b)).




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   203
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      37   Material related party transactions - continued

           (b)   Names and relationships of the related parties that had other material transactions with the
                 Group:

                  Name of related party                             Relationship
                  Mr. Ren Jinsheng                                  Ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group
                  Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products       Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                    Co., Ltd.                                         of the Group
                  Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd.                 Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                                                                      controlling shareholder of the Group
                  BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group         Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                    Co., Ltd.                                         of the Group
                  Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co., Ltd.            Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                      of the Group
                  Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd.      Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                      of the Group
                  Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.     Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                                                                      controlling shareholder of the Group
                  Beijing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory     Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                    Co., Ltd.                                         controlling shareholder of the Group
                  Hainan Vision Baihui Biotechnology Co., Ltd.      Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                      of the Group
                  Jiangsu Xianhui Pharmaceutical Research and       Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                    Development Co., Ltd.                             of the Group
                  Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory     Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                    Co., Ltd.                                         controlling shareholder of the Group
                  Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.   Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                      of the Group
                  Simcere Innovation Inc.                           Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                      of the Group
                  Nanjing Xuanwu Youai Clinic Co., Ltd.             Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                      of the Group
                  Xianwei (Hainan) Biotechnology Co., Ltd.          Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                      of the Group




204   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi)


37   Material related party transactions - continued

     (c)   Other significant related party transactions

           The Group had following transactions with related parties:

                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                        (restated)
                                                                                        (Note 39)
            Purchase of goods
            Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd.                                42               154

            Purchase of services
            Beijing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd.         148                  –
            Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co., Ltd.                        2,646             1,318
            Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd.       1,302             1,453
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                    14                  –
            Nanjing Xuanwu Youai Clinic Co., Ltd.                           425                 84

                                                                          4,535             2,855

            Acquisition of interests in subsidiaries under
              common control
            Jiangsu Xianhui Pharmaceutical Research and
              Development Co., Ltd.                                       5,023                  –

            Sales of goods
            BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.              15                  1
            Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.             –                  4

                                                                             15                  5




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023   205
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      37   Material related party transactions - continued

           (c)   Other significant related party transactions - continued

                                                                               2023        2022
                                                                            RMB’000   RMB’000
                                                                                      (restated)
                                                                                      (Note 39)
                  Rendering of services
                  Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.          40           5
                  Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                 109         136
                  BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.            69           –

                                                                                218         141

                  Receiving rental, property management and
                    other related services
                  BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.        22,540      48,552
                  Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd.                2,478       2,400

                                                                             25,018      50,952

                  Providing rental, property management and
                    other related services
                  Xianwei (Hainan) Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                    2,071       1,303
                  Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.         246           –
                  Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.             4,083       8,120

                                                                              6,400       9,423

                  Payments made on behalf of the Group
                  Simcere Innovation Inc.                                         –       3,578
                  BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.           605         702

                                                                                605       4,280

                  Payments made on behalf of related parties
                  Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.                 –       3,496
                  Jiangsu Xianhui Pharmaceutical Research and
                    Development Co., Ltd.                                         –           1

                                                                                  –       3,497




206   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


37   Material related party transactions - continued

     (d)   Significant related party balances

           The Group had following trade in nature balances with related parties:

            Trade in nature:                                                        2023                2022
                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                   (restated)
                                                                                                   (Note 39)
            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables
            Xianwei (Hainan) Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                                     –             1,003
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                               48                 22
            Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd.                                            –               124
            Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co. Ltd.                                       25                  –
            Hainan Vision Baihui Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                                 –                 50
            Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.                              –             5,172

                                                                                        73             6,371

            Other payables and accruals
            Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd.                      –               384
            Nanjing Xuanwu Youai Clinic Co., Ltd.                                        –                 18
            BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                     1,398              1,213
            Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd.                                           11                  –
            Jiangsu Xianhui Pharmaceutical Research and
              Development Co., Ltd.                                                 5,023                   –
            Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                        –               432

                                                                                    6,432              2,047


           The Group had following non-trade in nature balances with related parties:

            Non-trade in nature:                                                    2023                2022
                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000
            Other payables:


            Simcere Innovation Inc.                                                      –             3,578

            Other receivables:


            Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.                              –             3,496




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   207
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      37   Material related party transactions - continued

           (e)   Leasing arrangements

                 In 2023, the Group newly entered into lease contracts with a related party in respect of
                 leasehold property for research and development activities or office use, with lease term of
                 two years. The monthly rental payment by the Group under these leases is RMB1,169,000,
                 which was determined with reference to amounts charged by the related party to third parties.
                 At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognized a right-of-use asset and a
                 lease liability of RMB24,425,000. As at December 31, 2023, the balance of right-of-use assets
                 and lease liabilities for lease contracts with related parties amounted to RMB34,088,000 and
                 RMB34,481,000, respectively.

                 In 2022, the Group newly entered into lease contracts with a related party in respect of
                 leasehold property for research and development activities or office use, with lease term of
                 three years. The monthly rental payment by the Group under these leases is RMB797,000,
                 which was determined with reference to amounts charged by the related party to third parties.
                 At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognized a right-of-use asset and a
                 lease liability of RMB27,566,000. As at December 31, 2022, the balance of right-of-use assets
                 and lease liabilities for lease contracts with related parties amounted to RMB67,139,000 and
                 RMB70,148,000, respectively.

           (f)   Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

                 The related party transactions during the year ended December 31, 2023 in respect of
                 receiving rental, property management and other related services, providing rental, property
                 management and other related services to Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.
                 and purchasing service from Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd., Nanjing Simcere
                 Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd. and Beijing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory
                 Co., Ltd., constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in
                 Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
                 are provided in section Continuing Connected Transactions of the Directors’ Report.

                 The related party transactions in respect of acquisition of interests in subsidiaries under
                 common control, purchasing of goods, sales of goods, purchasing service from Nanjing Medway
                 Culture Media Co., Ltd. and Nanjing Xuanwu Youai Clinic Co., Ltd., providing rental, property
                 management and other related services to Xianwei (Hainan) Biotechnology Co., Ltd and Beijing
                 Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd., rendering of service, and payments made on
                 behalf of the Group. Constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as
                 defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. However those continuing connected transactions
                 are exempt from the disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules as they are
                 below the de minimis threshold under Rule 14A.76(1) or they are sharing of administrative
                 services under Rule 14A.98.




208   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


38   Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments

     Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the
     Group’s business. The Group’s exposure to these risks and financial risk management policies and
     practices used by the Group to manage these risks are described below:


     (a)   Credit risk

           Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations
           resulting in a financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to
           trade receivables. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents,
           pledged deposits, restricted deposits, time deposits and bills receivable is limited because the
           counterparties are reputable financial institutions with high credit standing, for which the Group
           considers to have low credit risk.

           The Group does not provide any guarantees which would expose the Group to credit risk.


           Trade receivables

           The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each
           customer rather than the industry or country in which the customers operate and therefore
           significant concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure
           to individual customers. As at December 31, 2023, 1% (2022: 1%) of trade receivables were due
           from the Group’s largest customer and 15% (2022: 15%) of trade receivables were due from the
           Group’s five largest customers.

           Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain
           amount. These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due
           and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as
           pertaining to the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade receivables are
           due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral
           from customers.

           The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs,
           which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience
           does not indicate significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss
           allowance based on past due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different
           customer bases.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023   209
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      38   Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments - continued

           (a)   Credit risk - continued

                 The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for
                 trade receivables at the end of each reporting period:

                                                                              At December 31, 2023
                                                                      Expected Gross carrying              Loss
                                                                      loss rate        amount        allowance
                                                                              %       RMB’000         RMB’000
                  Current (not past due)                                   0.3%      1,370,684            3,791
                  Less than 3 months past due                              0.6%        543,447            3,260
                  More than 3 months but less than 6 months
                    past due                                               7.1%         66,677            4,737
                  More than 6 months but less than 9 months
                    past due                                              32.1%           5,847           1,875
                  More than 9 months but less than 12 months
                    past due                                              92.6%           1,055             977
                  More than 12 months past due                            100.0%          8,535           8,535

                                                                                     1,996,245           23,175

                                                                              At December 31, 2022
                                                                      Expected Gross carrying              Loss
                                                                      loss rate        amount        allowance
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                     (restated)       (restated)
                                                                              %       (Note 39)       (Note 39)
                  Current (not past due)                                    0.6%      1,368,512           8,764
                  Less than 3 months past due                               1.0%       482,705            4,946
                  More than 3 months but less than 6 months
                    past due                                                1.4%          8,567             118
                  More than 6 months but less than 9 months
                    past due                                                6.4%          1,448              92
                  More than 9 months but less than 12 months
                    past due                                               83.0%          1,206           1,001
                  More than 12 months past due                             95.0%         10,263           9,754

                                                                                      1,872,701          24,675

                 Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past years. These rates are
                 adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the
                 historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions
                 over the expected lives of the receivables.



210   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


38   Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments - continued

     (a)   Credit risk - continued

           Movement in the loss allowance in respect of trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
           At the beginning of the year                                              24,675            38,188
           Impairment loss reversed                                                  (1,500)          (13,513)

           At the end of the year                                                    23,175            24,675

           The following significant changes in the gross carrying amounts of trade receivables contributed
           to the change in the loss allowance:

           –    origination of new trade receivables net of those settled resulted in a decrease in loss
                allowance of RMB4,973,000 (2022: an increase of RMB612,000); and

           –    change in past due trade receivables resulted in an increase in loss allowance of
                RMB3,473,000 (2022: a decrease of RMB14,125,000).


           Credit risk arising from loan to a third party

           The loan to a third party are fully secured by machinery held by the third party. The maximum
           exposure to credit risk in respect of the loan at the end of the reporting period, without taking
           into account the collateral, and the key terms of the loans are disclosed in Note 20.


     (b)   Liquidity risk

           Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management,
           including the short-term investment of cash surpluses and the raising of loans to cover expected
           cash demands, subject to approval by the parent company’s board when the borrowings exceed
           certain predetermined levels of authority. The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity
           requirements and its compliance with lending covenants to ensure that it maintains sufficient
           reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to
           meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   211
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      38   Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments - continued

           (b)   Liquidity risk - continued

                 The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of each reporting
                 period of the Group’s financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash
                 flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on
                 rates current at the reporting date) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                                 At December 31, 2023
                                                      More than 1 year   More than 2 years
                                      Within 1 year      but less than       but less than                                     Carrying amount at
                                      or on demand             2 years             5 years    More than 5 years        Total December 31, 2023
                                          RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000                RMB’000    RMB’000              RMB’000
                 Bank loans              1,034,100            198,814                2,117                 6,783   1,241,814            1,220,979
                 Lease liabilities          86,332             56,914               61,636               17,044     221,926              208,245
                 Trade and bills
                    payables               317,218                  –                    –                     –    317,218              317,218
                 Other payables and
                    accruals             1,229,812                  –                    –                     –   1,229,812            1,229,812

                                         2,667,462            255,728               63,753               23,827    3,010,770            2,976,254

                                                                             At December 31, 2022 (restated)
                                                      More than 1 year   More than 2 years
                                      Within 1 year      but less than       but less than                                     Carrying amount at
                                      or on demand             2 years             5 years    More than 5 years        Total December 31, 2022
                                          RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000                RMB’000    RMB’000              RMB’000
                 Bank loans              1,298,619                  –                    –                     –   1,298,619            1,292,067
                 Lease liabilities          64,396              61,195              89,013                16,654    231,258               214,677
                 Trade and bills
                    payables               335,433                  –                    –                     –    335,433               335,433
                 Other payables and
                    accruals             1,269,800                  –                    –                     –   1,269,800            1,269,800

                                         2,968,248              61,195              89,013                16,654   3,135,110            3,111,977




212   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            (Expressed in Renminbi)


38   Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments - continued

     (c)   Interest rate risk

           Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument
           will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises
           primarily from short-term and long-term borrowings and time deposits. Borrowings issued at
           variable rates and at fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk and fair value
           interest rate risk respectively. The Group’s interest rate profile as monitored by management is
           set out in (i) below:

           (i)   Interest rate profile

                 The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s total borrowings and time
                 deposits as at the end of each reporting period:

                                                                  2023                             2022
                                                          Effective                        Effective
                                                      Interest rate        Amount      Interest rate        Amount
                                                                 %        RMB’000                 %        RMB’000
                  Fixed rate financial instruments:


                  Financial assets
                  – Time deposits (current portion)         3.85%           11,137     1.55%~3.65%          964,226
                  – Time deposits
                    (non-current portion)                   2.90%              673           3.85%           10,752
                  – Loan to a third party                   3.45%          100,326                –                –


                  Financial liabilities:
                  – Bank loans                        0.85%~2.70%        (1,220,979)   1.0%~2.73%         (1,193,067)

                  Total                                                  (1,108,843)                       (218,089)

                  Variable rate instruments:


                  Financial liabilities:
                  – Bank loans                                   –                –      LPR~0.9%            (99,000)

                  Total                                                           –                          (99,000)




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023    213
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      38   Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments - continued

           (c)   Interest rate risk - continued

                 (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                        As the Group accounts for the above fixed rate financial instruments at amortized cost,
                        change in interest rates would have no impact on the Group’s financial statements. For the
                        variable rate instruments, at December 31, 2023, it is estimated that a general increase/
                        decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would
                        have decreased/increased the Group’s profit after tax and retained profits by approximately
                        RMBnil (2022: RMB841,000).

                        The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit
                        after tax (and retained profits) and other components of consolidated equity that would
                        arise assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting
                        period and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group
                        which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of the reporting period.
                        In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-
                        derivative instruments held by the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on
                        the Group’s profit after tax (and retained profits) and other components of consolidated
                        equity is estimated as an annualized impact on interest expense or income of such a
                        change in interest rates. The analysis is performed on the same basis as 2022.


           (d)   Currency risk

                 The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and borrowings which give rise
                 to cash balances and bank loans that are denominated in a currency other than the functional
                 currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The currencies giving rise to this
                 risk are primarily USD, EUR, GBP and RMB.




214   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


38   Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments - continued

     (d)   Currency risk - continued

           (i)   Exposure to currency risk

                 The following table details the Group’s exposure as at December 31, 2023 to currency risk
                 arising from the recognized assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than
                 the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purpose, the
                 amounts of exposure are shown in RMB translated using the spot rate of the end of each
                 reporting period. Differences resulting from the translation of the financial statements
                 of the Group’s subsidiaries with functional currency other than RMB into the Group’s
                 presentation currency are excluded.

                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                  USD
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                       20,800           229,311
                  Trade and other receivables                                        173            13,755
                  Trade and other payables                                      (159,483)         (199,321)

                  Net exposure                                                  (138,510)           43,745

                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                  EUR
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                           25                23
                  Bank loans                                                           –          (359,788)

                  Net exposure                                                        25          (359,765)

                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                  GBP
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                       26,997                 55
                  Trade and other receivables                                     14,064                  –

                  Net exposure                                                    41,061                 55

                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                  RMB
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                        7,781            57,751
                  Time deposits                                                        –           500,000
                  Trade and other receivables                                          –            78,596
                  Trade and other payables                                      (505,817)         (201,297)

                  Net exposure                                                  (498,036)          435,050

                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023   215
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      38   Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments - continued

           (d)   Currency risk - continued

                 (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                        The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax
                        (and retained profits) that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has
                        significant exposure at the end of each reporting period had changed at that date, assuming
                        all other risk variables remained constant. In this respect, it is assumed that the pegged
                        rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar would be materially
                        unaffected by any changes in movement in value of the United States dollar against other
                        currencies.

                                                               2023                             2022
                                                       Increase/           Effect       Increase/            Effect
                                                      (decrease)        on profit     (decrease)         on profit
                                                       in foreign       after tax      in foreign        after tax
                                                       exchange     and retained        exchange     and retained
                                                           rates          profits           rates            profits
                                                                        RMB’000                         RMB’000
                         USD                                 5%            (5,427)            5%                609
                                                             (5%)          5,427             (5%)              (609)


                         EUR                                 5%                 1             5%          (14,545)
                                                             (5%)              (1)           (5%)            14,545


                         GBP                                 5%            1,644              5%                  –
                                                             (5%)          (1,644)           (5%)                 –


                         RMB                                 5%          (19,803)             5%             16,859
                                                             (5%)         19,803             (5%)         (16,859)

                        Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of
                        the instantaneous effects on each of the Group subsidiaries’ profit after tax and equity
                        measured in the respective functional currencies, and then translated into RMB at the
                        exchange rate ruling at the end of each reporting period for presentation purpose.

                        The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been
                        applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the
                        Group to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period, including inter-company
                        payables and receivables within the Group which are denominated in a currency other than
                        the functional currencies of the lender or the borrower. The analysis excludes differences
                        that would result from the translation of the financial statements of entities whose
                        functional currency is not RMB. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2022.




216   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


38   Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments - continued

     (e)   Fair value measurement

           Fair value hierarchy

           The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at
           the end of each reporting period on a recurring basis, categorized into the three-level fair value
           hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value
           measurement is classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance of
           the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

           — Level 1 valuations:         Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted
                                         quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at
                                         the measurement date;


           — Level 2 valuations:         Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs
                                         which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable
                                         inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are
                                         not available;


           — Level 3 valuations:         Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.

           The Group has a team headed by the finance manager performing valuations for the financial
           instruments, including, unlisted investments and unlisted units in investment funds which
           are categorized into Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The team reports directly to the chief
           financial officer. A valuation report with analysis of changes in fair value measurement is
           prepared by the team at each interim and annual reporting date, and is reviewed and approved by
           the chief financial officer. Discussion of the valuation process and results with the chief financial
           officer is held twice a year, to coincide with the reporting dates.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   217
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      38   Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments - continued

           (e)   Fair value measurement - continued

                 Fair value hierarchy - continued

                                                            Fair value at
                                                           December 31,          Fair value measurement at
                                                                    2023     December 31, 2023 categorized into
                                                               RMB’000       Level 1          Level 2         Level 3
                  Recurring fair value measurement
                  Financial assets at FVOCI
                    – Listed equity securities                    10,714      10,714               –                   –
                    – Unlisted equity securities                 163,553           –         163,553                   –
                  Financial assets at FVPL
                    – Listed equity security                     159,540     159,540               –                   –
                    – Unlisted investments                       563,077           –         124,095          438,982
                    – Unlisted units in investment funds         531,714           –               –          531,714
                  Interest in associates                          40,000           –          40,000                   –

                                                            Fair value at
                                                           December 31,          Fair value measurement at
                                                                    2022     December 31, 2022 categorized into
                                                               RMB’000        Level 1         Level 2             Level 3
                  Recurring fair value measurement
                  Financial assets at FVOCI
                    – Listed equity securities                    23,414      23,414               –                   –
                    – Unlisted equity securities                 114,360           –         114,360                   –
                  Financial assets at FVPL
                    – Listed equity security                     876,263     876,263               –                   –
                    – Unlisted investments                       517,555           –         293,176          224,379
                    – Unlisted units in investment funds         662,882           –               –          662,882

                 During the year ended December 31, 2023, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2.
                 During the year ended December 31, 2023, there were transfers of amount of RMB192,178,000
                 (2022: RMB174,532,000) from level 2 to level 3 due to significant unobservable inputs in 2023.
                 During the year ended December 31, 2023, there were transfers of amount of RMB186,547,000
                 (2022: RMB6,797,000) from Level 3 to Level 2 due to the available recently comparable
                 transaction not using significant unobservable inputs in 2023. The Group’s policy is to recognize
                 transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which
                 they occur.




218   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


38   Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments - continued

     (e)   Fair value measurement - continued

           Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements

           The fair value of unlisted equity securities and certain unlisted investments in Level 2 is
           determined by recent comparable transaction price on the market. These investments were
           either acquired, re-invested by the Group recently or newly financed on the market.


           Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                   Valuation techniques               Significant unobservable inputs
             Unlisted investments                  Comparable transactions            Changing trend of medium market
                                                     adjusted approach (Note i)         multiples of comparable
                                                                                        companies


             Unlisted units in investment          Net asset value (Note ii)          Net asset value of underlying
                  funds                                                                 investments

           Notes:

           (i)     The fair value of certain unlisted investments is determined using comparable transactions adjusted
                   approach adjusted for changing trend of medium market multiples of comparable companies or medium
                   market multiples of comparable companies. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to the
                   changing trend of medium market multiples of comparable companies. As at December 31, 2023, it is
                   estimated that with all other variables held constant, an increase/decrease in change of medium market
                   multiples of comparable companies by 5% would have increased/decreased the Group’s profit for the year
                   by RMB24,921,000 (2022: RMB9,451,000).

           (ii)    The fair value of unlisted units in investment funds is determined referencing net asset value of underlying
                   investments. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to net asset value of underlying
                   investments. As at December 31, 2023, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, an
                   increase/decrease in net asset value of underlying investments by 5% would have increased/decreased the
                   Group’s profit for the year by RMB16,842,000 (2022: RMB27,116,000).




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023      219
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      38   Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments - continued

           (e)   Fair value measurement - continued

                 Information about Level 3 fair value measurements - continued

                 The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances
                 for fair value measurement in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                            At              At
                                                                                  December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                         2023            2022
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000
                  Financial assets at FVPL
                  At January 1                                                         887,261       1,669,780
                  Net realized and unrealized losses on financial assets
                    at fair value through profit or loss                               (51,525)       (604,284)
                  Purchases                                                            123,367          61,804
                  Sales and settlements                                                 (3,162)        (52,728)
                  Exchange difference                                                    9,124          68,895
                  Transfer into Level 1                                                      –        (423,941)
                  Transfer into Level 2                                               (186,547)         (6,797)
                  Transfer from Level 2                                                192,178         174,532

                  At December 31                                                       970,696         887,261

                 All financial instruments carried at cost or amortized cost are at amounts not materially
                 different from their values as at December 31, 2023.


           (f)   Equity price risk

                 The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from financial assets measured as FVPL or
                 FVOCI (see Notes 18 and 19).

                 The Group’s listed investments are listed on the NASDAQ or Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Their
                 performance is assessed at least semi-annually against performance of similar listed entities,
                 based on the limited information available to the Group, together with an assessment of their
                 relevance to the Group’s long-term strategic plans.




220   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


38   Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments - continued

     (f)   Equity price risk - continued

           As at December 31, 2023, it is estimated that an increase/(decrease) of 1% (2022: 1%) in the
           equity prices of the respective instruments, with all other variables held constant, would have
           increased/decreased the Group’s profit after tax (and retained profits) and other components of
           consolidated equity as follows:

                                                                2023                          2022
                                                        Effect on                     Effect on
                                                           profit                        profit
                                                            after      Effect on          after      Effect on
                                                          tax and         other        tax and           other
                                                         retained    components       retained     components
                                                          profits      of equity        profits       of equity
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
            Change in the equity price
            Increase                           1%          1,332             91          7,317             199
            Decrease                          (1%)         (1,332)          (91)         (7,317)          (199)

           The sensitivity analysis indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and
           retained profits) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise assuming that
           the changes in the stock market index or other relevant risk variables had occurred at the end
           of the reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by
           the Group which expose the Group to equity price risk at the end of the reporting period. It is also
           assumed that the fair values of the Group’s equity investments would change in accordance with
           the historical correlation with the relevant stock market index or the relevant risk variables, and
           that all other variables remain constant. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2022.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   221
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      39   Business combination under common control

           As mentioned in Note 2(b) to these consolidated financial statements, the acquisition of Nanjing
           Jiayuantang Group has been accounted for in accordance with the principles of merger accounting.

           The financial position previously reported by the Group as December 31, 2022 has been restated to
           include the assets and liabilities of the combining entities recognized at the carrying value based on
           the ultimate controlling party’s financial statements as set out below:

                                                                               Nanjing         Inter-
                                                                            Jiayuantang     company
                                                              The Group          Group    elimination     The Group
                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                           (as previously
                                                               reported)                                (as restated)
            Non-current assets


            Property, plant and equipment                      2,135,781          3,171            –       2,138,952
            Intangible assets                                    379,896             –             –         379,896
            Goodwill                                             172,788             –             –         172,788
            Interest in associates                                 4,978             –             –           4,978
            Interest in joint ventures                             4,477             –             –           4,477
            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables           97,470             –             –          97,470
            Financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income                               137,774             –             –         137,774
            Financial assets at fair value through
              profit or loss                                   2,056,700             –             –       2,056,700
            Time deposits                                         10,752             –             –          10,752
            Deferred tax assets                                  326,713             –             –         326,713

                                                               5,327,329          3,171            –       5,330,500

            Current assets


            Inventories                                          302,373          2,407            –         304,780
            Trade and bills receivables                        2,337,443          1,721         (334)      2,338,830
            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables          165,698           162             –         165,860
            Taxation recoverable                                   6,506             –             –           6,506
            Pledged deposits                                         560             –             –             560
            Restricted deposits                                   19,378             –             –          19,378
            Time deposits                                        964,226             –             –         964,226
            Cash and cash equivalents                          1,657,600           712             –       1,658,312

                                                               5,453,784          5,002         (334)      5,458,452




222   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 (Expressed in Renminbi)


39   Business combination under common control - continued


                                                                 Nanjing          Inter-
                                                              Jiayuantang      company
                                                The Group          Group     elimination      The Group
                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                             (as previously
                                                 reported)                                  (as restated)
     Current liabilities


     Bank loans                                  1,292,067              –              –       1,292,067
     Lease liabilities                              58,756              –              –          58,756
     Trade and bills payables                      334,444           989               –         335,433
     Other payables and accruals                 1,267,899          2,235          (334)       1,269,800
     Taxation payable                               10,562              –              –          10,562

                                                 2,963,728          3,224          (334)       2,966,618

     Net current assets                          2,490,056          1,778              –       2,491,834

     Total assets less current liabilities       7,817,385          4,949              –       7,822,334

     Non-current liabilities


     Lease liabilities                             155,921              –              –         155,921
     Deferred income                               403,350              –              –         403,350
     Deferred tax liabilities                      115,291              –              –         115,291

                                                   674,562              –              –         674,562

     NET ASSETS                                  7,142,823          4,949              –       7,147,772

     CAPITAL AND RESERVES


     Share capital                               3,081,131          9,730         (9,730)      3,081,131
     Reserves                                    4,045,630         (4,781)        9,730        4,050,579

     Total equity attributable to equity
        shareholders of the Company              7,126,761          4,949              –       7,131,710


      Non-controlling interest                      16,062              –              –          16,062

     TOTAL EQUITY                                7,142,823          4,949              –       7,147,772




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023    223
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      39   Business combination under common control - continued

           The financial performance previously reported by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022
           have been restated to include the operating results of the combining entities from the earliest date
           presented or since the date when combining entities first came under common control, where this is
           a shorter period, regardless of the date of the common control combination, as set out below:

                                                                              Nanjing
                                                                           Jiayuantang    Inter-company
                                                             The Group          Group        elimination      The Group
                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                          (as previously
                                                              reported)                                     (as restated)
            Revenue                                           6,319,096          6,318            (1,332)      6,324,082


            Cost of sales                                    (1,322,246)        (6,375)           1,217       (1,327,404)

            Gross profit                                      4,996,850            (57)            (115)       4,996,678


            Other income                                        172,260           554                  –         172,814
            Other net gain                                      254,264              –                 –         254,264
            Research and development costs                   (1,728,269)           (15)                1      (1,728,283)
            Selling and distribution expenses                (2,402,371)          (503)             110       (2,402,764)
            Administrative and other operating expenses        (444,201)        (1,879)                4        (446,076)
            Reversal of impairment loss on trade and
              other receivables                                  13,972              –                 –          13,972

            Profit from operations                              862,505         (1,900)                –         860,605

            Finance income                                       59,867              –                 –          59,867
            Finance costs                                       (34,408)             –                 –         (34,408)

            Net finance income                                   25,459              –                 –          25,459
            Share of profits of associates                          115              –                 –             115
            Share of profits of a joint venture                      75              –                 –              75

            Profit before taxation                              888,154         (1,900)                –         886,254


            Income tax                                           40,478              –                 –          40,478

            Profit for the year                                 928,632         (1,900)                –         926,732




224   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (Expressed in Renminbi)


39   Business combination under common control - continued


                                                                                 Nanjing
                                                                              Jiayuantang    Inter-company
                                                                The Group          Group        elimination     The Group
                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                             (as previously
                                                                 reported)                                    (as restated)
     Attributable to:
     Equity shareholders of the Company                            932,768         (1,900)               –         930,868
      Non-controlling interest                                      (4,136)             –                –          (4,136)

     Profit for the year                                           928,632         (1,900)               –         926,732



     Earnings per share


     – Basic (RMB)                                                    0.36                                            0.36

     – Diluted (RMB)                                                  0.36                                            0.36

     Profit for the year                                           928,632         (1,900)               –         926,732

     Other comprehensive income for the year (after tax)


     Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Financial assets at fair value through other
        comprehensive income (FVOCI) - net movement in
        fair value reserves (non-recycling), net of tax           (156,346)             –                –        (156,346)


     Exchange difference on translation of financial
        statements                                                 176,813              –                –         176,813

     Other comprehensive income for the year                        20,467              –                –          20,467

     Total comprehensive income for the year                       949,099         (1,900)               –         947,199

     Attributable to:
        Equity shareholders of the Company                         953,235         (1,900)               –         951,335
        Non-controlling interest                                    (4,136)             –                –          (4,136)



     Total comprehensive income for the year                       949,099         (1,900)               –         947,199




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   225
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      39   Business combination under common control - continued

           The cash flows previously reported by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been
           restated to include the cash flows of the combining entities from the earliest date presented or since
           the date when combining entities first came under common control, where this is a shorter period,
           regardless of the date of the common control combination, as set out below:

                                                                                  Nanjing
                                                                               Jiayuantang Inter-company
                                                                 The Group          Group     elimination     The Group
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                              (as previously
                                                                  reported)                                 (as restated)
            Net cash generated from operating activities          1,354,712          (613)             –       1,354,099
            Net cash generated from investing activities             68,306             –              –          68,306
            Net cash used in financing activities                  (753,681)            –              –        (753,681)

            Net increase in cash and cash equivalents               669,337          (613)             –         668,724
            Cash and cash equivalents as at January 1, 2022         973,139         1,325              –         974,464
            Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                  15,124             –              –          15,124

            Cash and cash equivalents as at
              December 31, 2022                                   1,657,600           712              –       1,658,312




226   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


40   Company-level statement of financial position

                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                   2,549                  12
     Interest in subsidiaries                                     5,001,014         3,953,928
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         541,977          1,400,451

                                                                  5,545,540         5,354,391

     Current assets
     Other receivables                                                 549                166
     Amount due from subsidiaries                                  800,006            175,860
     Loans to subsidiaries                                          16,759             14,179
     Restricted deposits                                            10,232                   –
     Time deposits                                                       –            512,506
     Cash and cash equivalents                                      74,024             80,859

                                                                   901,570            783,570

     Current liabilities
     Loans from subsidiaries                                       649,989            373,671
     Other payables                                                  4,054              5,609
     Taxation payable                                               10,417             10,417

                                                                   664,460            389,697

     Net current assets                                            237,110            393,873

     Total assets less current liabilities                        5,782,650         5,748,264

     NET ASSETS                                                   5,782,650         5,748,264




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   227
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      40   Company-level statement of financial position - continued

                                                                                            2023            2022
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
            CAPITAL AND RESERVES


            Share capital                                                              3,173,805        3,081,131
            Reserves                                                                   2,608,845        2,667,133

            TOTAL EQUITY                                                               5,782,650        5,748,264

           Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on March 20, 2024.
                                                                         )
           Ren Jinsheng                                                  )
                                                                         )
                                                                         ) Directors
                                                                         )
           Wan Yushan                                                    )
                                                                         )

      41   Non-adjusting events after the reporting period

           (a)   On January 1, 2024, Simcere Biological, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group,
                 entered into the equity transfer agreement with a related party Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics
                 Technology Co., Ltd., pursuant to which Simcere Biological has agreed to acquire, the entire
                 equity interest in Nanjing BioSciKin Innovative Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“BioSciKin
                 Innovative”) at a cash consideration of RMB42,306,500. BioSciKin Innovative is a limited liability
                 company incorporated in the PRC and has no actual business operations. The major assets of
                 BioSciKin Innovative include the land use right and pharmaceutical production facility. Upon the
                 completion of the acquisition, BioSciKin Innovation became a subsidiary of the Group in January
                 31, 2024.

           (b)   On February 24, 2024, the Company, Simcere Shandong, Hainan Simcere, Simcere Zaiming and
                 certain third party investors entered into a capital contribution agreement for Simcere Zaiming.
                 Pursuant to the agreement, the investors have conditionally agreed to make capital contribution,
                 by way of cash, to Simcere Zaiming in the aggregate amount of RMB970 million in return for
                 approximately 11.45% of the enlarged issued share capital of Simcere Zaiming in aggregate.

           (c)   After the end of the reporting period the directors proposed a final dividend. Further details are
                 disclosed in Note 35(b).


      42   Immediate and ultimate controlling party

           At December 31, 2023, the directors of the Company consider the immediate parent of the Group
           is SPHL, a company incorporated in Cayman Islands. The ultimate controlling party of the Group is
           Mr. Ren Jinsheng, Chairman of the Group. SPHL does not produce financial statements available for
           public use.

228   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


43   Possible impact of amendments, new standards and interpretations issued but
     not yet effective for the year ended December 31, 2023

     Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or
     amended standard, which are not yet effective for the year ended December 31, 2023 and which have
     not been adopted in these financial statements. These developments include the following which may
     be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                               Effective for
                                                                                        accounting periods
                                                                                                  beginning
                                                                                                 on or after
      Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements:
        Classification of liabilities as current or non-current (“2020 amendments”)         January 1, 2024


      Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements:
        Non-current liabilities with covenants (“2022 amendments”)                          January 1, 2024


      Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases: Lease liability in a sale and leaseback               January 1, 2024


      Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows and HKFRS 7, Financial
        Instruments: Disclosures: Supplier finance arrangements                             January 1, 2024


      Amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange
        rates: Lack of exchangeability                                                      January 1, 2025

     The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is
     expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is
     unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   229
      FINANCIAL SUMMARY


      Results

                                             2023         2022          2021           2020           2019
                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                    (restated)     (restated)     (restated)     (restated)

       Revenue                         6,607,805      6,324,082     5,006,643     4,519,650       5,038,323
       Gross Profit                    4,984,153      4,996,678     3,921,503     3,611,614       4,148,265
       Research and
         development costs            (1,563,138)   (1,728,283)    (1,416,746)    (1,141,996)      (716,412)
       Profit before taxation            740,038       886,254      1,401,125       805,212       1,079,482
       Profit for the year               713,950       926,732      1,498,249       664,411       1,001,291
       Profit attributable to
         equity shareholders
         of the Company                  714,761       930,868      1,506,424       669,658       1,001,291


      Assets and Liabilities

                                             2023         2022          2021           2020           2019
                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                    (restated)     (restated)     (restated)     (restated)

       Non-current assets              5,214,723      5,330,500     5,185,484     4,481,186       3,873,169
       Current assets                  5,638,944      5,458,452     4,984,493     6,471,040       2,900,665
       Total assets                   10,853,667    10,788,952     10,169,977    10,952,226       6,773,834
       Non-current liabilities          (945,031)      (674,562)     (634,623)    (2,110,525)    (1,857,901)
       Current liabilities            (2,685,900)   (2,966,618)    (3,065,748)    (3,498,455)    (3,437,802)
       Total liabilities              (3,630,931)   (3,641,180)    (3,700,371)    (5,608,980)    (5,295,703)
       Total equity                   (7,222,736)   (7,147,772)    (6,469,606)    (5,343,246)    (1,478,131)

      As set out in note 2(B) to the financial statements, Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited and its
      subsidiaries has applied AG5 to account for business combination under common control in current year
      and retrospective adjustments have been made.




230   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
