先聲藥業集團有限公司
CONTENTS
2    Company Overview

4    Corporate Information

6    Financial Highlights

7    Management Discussion and Analysis

37   Corporate Governance and Other Information

50   Independent Auditor’s Review Report

51   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

52   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

53   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

55   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

58   Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

59   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
    COMPANY OVERVIEW


    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the               ( “mRNA”) , AI-assist ed molec ular genera t i o n
    “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the          and protein degradation, fully supporting the
    “Group”) is an innovation- and R&D-driven               continued development of more effective and more
    pharmaceutical company. The Company focuses             differentiated innovative medicines. As of June
    on the therapeutic areas of neuroscience, anti-         30, 2026, the Group had approximately 1,000 R&D
    oncology, autoimmune and anti-infection, with           personnel, including approximately 214 doctoral
    forward-looking layout of disease areas that may        degree holders and 520 master’s degree holders.
    have significant clinical needs in the future, aiming
    to achieve the mission of “for patients, for life”.     The Group continues to strengthen intellectual
                                                            property protection to support the development of
    The Group has continued to promote the                  its innovations and the realization of their long term
    transformation of its innovation achievements. As       value. During the first half of 2026, the Group filed
    of the date of this report, eleven innovative drugs     new applications for 204 invention patent, including
    have been approved for marketing, and a number          unpublished applications in China and overseas.
    of products have been included in more than 100         As of June 30, 2026, the Group had been granted
    treatment guidelines and pathways issued by             a cumulative total of 364 invention patents by the
    government agencies or authoritative professional       National Intellectual Property Administration, 99
    societies, and over 45 products have been included      utility model patents and 41 design patents.
    in the National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”).
                                                            The Group has established a marketing networking
    The Group’s in-house R&D achievements continue          covering 31 provinces, municipalities, and
    to earn the trust and recognition of leading global     autonomous regions in China. As of June 30, 2026,
    pharmaceutical companies. It has entered into           the Group had approximately 4,400 personnel across
    overseas licensing partnerships for six internally      its four marketing business units—Neuroscience,
    developed projects under research with companies        Oncology, Autoimmune and Comprehensive, and
    including AbbVie, Roche and Boehringer Ingelheim,       Retail, which possessed professional academic
    with an aggregate deal value exceeding US$6.1           marketing capabilities to help bring innovative
    billion. At the same time, driven by its in-house       medicines to a broader patient population. The
    R&D efforts and synergetic innovation, the Group        innovative medicines reached more than 3,600 Class
    has continuously expanded its cooperation with          III hospitals, approximately 17,000 other hospitals
    global innovative corporates, research institutions     and medical institutions, and over 2,600 retail
    and clinical centers. The Group also leverages          pharmacy chains.
    the Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) to introduce
    cutting-edge global scientific insights, enhancing      The Group has established manufacturing facilities
    the scientific decision-making capabilities in early    and quality management systems that meet
    discovery and clinical development.                     international standards and continues to enhance
                                                            its pharmaceutical manufacturing capabilities to
    The Group continues to increase its R&D investment,     support product quality and reliable supply. All six
    with R&D innovation centers in Shanghai, Nanjing,       of its operational pharmaceutical manufacturing
    Beijing, Boston and Hong Kong, as well as the State     sites comply with China’s Good Manufacturing
    Key Laboratory of Neurology and Oncology Drug           Practice (“GMP”) requirements, and certain
    Development, which is the only one of its kind built    production lines have obtained European Union
    and operated by a private company. Its R&D system       GMP certification or passed inspections by the
    spans the entire drug development process—              United States Food and Drug Administration
    from drug discovery and preclinical development         (“FDA”).
    to clinical trials and regulatory submissions—
    and encompasses technology platforms including
    protein engineering, multispecific antibodies/
    T-cell engagers (“TCEs”), antibody-drug
    conjugates (“ADCs”), messenger ribonucleic acid




2   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                               COMPANY OVERVIEW


MAJOR PRODUCTS

                              Neuroscience Products

                 Sanbexin ® injection (Edaravone and Dexborneol Concentrated Solution for
                 Injection)


                 Sanbexin® sublingual tablets (Edaravone and Dexborneol sublingual tablets)


                 QUVIVIQ® (daridorexant hydrochloride tablets)


                              Anti-oncology Products

                 Endostar® (Recombinant Human Endostatin Injection)


                 ENWEIDA® (Envafolimab Injection)


                 COSELA® (Trilaciclib Hydrochloride for Injection)


                 ENLITUO® (Cetuximab Beta Injection)


                 ENZESHU® (Suvemcitug Injection)


                              Autoimmune Products

                 Iremod® (Iguratimod Tablets)


                 ANTINE® (Diclofenac Sodium Sustained Release Capsules/Gel)


                              Anti-infection Products


                 XIANNUOXIN® (Simnotrelvir Tablets/Ritonavir Tablets (co-packaged))



                 Yingmule® (Culevibart Injection)




                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026   3
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                            NOMINATION COMMITTEE

    Mr. REN Jinsheng                               Mr. SONG Ruilin (Chairman)
      (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)       Mr. REN Jinsheng
    Mr. WAN Yushan                                 Ms. WANG Xi
    Ms. WANG Xi                                    Mr. WANG Jianguo
                                                   Mr. SUNG Ka Woon
    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
                                                   STRATEGY COMMITTEE
    Mr. TANG Renhong
      (re-designated as a non-executive Director   Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman)
      on August 20, 2026)                          Mr. TANG Renhong
                                                   Mr. WANG Jianguo
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                   JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Mr. SONG Ruilin
    Mr. WANG Jianguo                               Mr. WAN Yushan
    Mr. WANG Xinhua                                 (ceased on August 20, 2026)
    Mr. SUNG Ka Woon                               Mr. ZHU Da
                                                    (appointed on August 20, 2026)
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                Ms. WONG Wai Ling
                                                    (resigned on March 25, 2026)
    Mr. WANG Xinhua (Chairman)
                                                   Ms. MAK Po Man Cherie
    Mr. SONG Ruilin
                                                    (appointed on March 25, 2026)
    Mr. WANG Jianguo

                                                   AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    REMUNERATION AND APPRAISAL COMMITTEE
                                                   Mr. WAN Yushan
    Mr. WANG Jianguo (Chairman)
                                                   Mr. TANG Renhong
    Mr. REN Jinsheng
    Mr. WAN Yushan
    Mr. WANG Xinhua
    Mr. SUNG Ka Woon




4   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                             CORPORATE INFORMATION


PRINCIPAL BANKS                                  HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

Bank of China Limited                            Computershare Hong Kong
Nanjing Jiangbei New District Branch              Investor Services Limited
Room 101, Building 2, 33 Mengze Road             Shops 1712-1716
Pukou District, Nanjing                          17th Floor Hopewell Centre
Jiangsu PRC                                      183 Queen’s Road East
                                                 Wan Chai
                                                 Hong Kong
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Nanjing Jiefang Road Sub-Branch
                                                 REGISTERED OFFICE
No. 53, Jiefang Road
Qinhuai District, Nanjing                        Unit 703, 7/F, Building 20E
Jiangsu PRC                                      Phase Three, Hong Kong Science Park
                                                 Shatin, New Territories
AUDITOR                                          Hong Kong

KPMG
                                                 HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
Certified Public Accountants
                                                  BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in
  accordance with the Accounting and Financial   No. 699-18, Xuanwu Road
  Reporting Council Ordinance                    Xuanwu District, Nanjing
8/F Prince’s Building                            Jiangsu
10 Chater Road                                   PRC
Central, Hong Kong
                                                 PLACE OF LISTING AND STOCK CODE
LEGAL ADVISER
                                                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Tian Yuan Law Firm LLP                           2096
Suites 3304-3309
33/F, Jardine House
One Connaught Place
Central, Hong Kong


COMPANY’S WEBSITE

http://www.simcere.com




                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2026   5
    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


        For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group recorded the following unaudited financial results:

        •     Revenue was RMB4,580 million, representing an increase of 27.8% as compared to RMB3,585
              million for the same period of 2025.

        •     Revenue from the innovative pharmaceutical business 1 was RMB3,887 million, accounting for
              84.9% of the total revenue and representing an increase of 34.1% as compared to RMB2,898
              million for the same period of 2025.

        •     Revenue of the Group was mainly derived from the therapeutic areas where its businesses are
              focused. Of which, revenue from the field of neuroscience was RMB2,009 million, accounting
              for 43.9% of the total revenue and representing an increase of 60.9% as compared to RMB1,249
              million for the same period of 2025. Revenue from the field of anti-oncology was RMB925 million,
              accounting for 20.2% of the total revenue and representing an increase of 5.8% as compared
              to RMB874 million for the same period of 2025. Revenue from the field of autoimmune was
              RMB1,210 million, accounting for 26.4% of the total revenue and representing an increase of
              37.8% as compared to RMB878 million for the same period of 2025. Revenue from other fields was
              RMB436 million, accounting for 9.5% of the total revenue and representing a decrease of 25.2% as
              compared to RMB584 million for the same period of 2025.

        •     Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was RMB829 million, representing
              an increase of RMB228 million or 37.9% as compared to RMB601 million for the same period of
              2025. Adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company2 was RMB964 million,
              representing an increase of RMB316 million or 48.7% as compared to RMB649 million for the
              same period of 2025.




    1
            Includes license income.

    2
            The adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company is defined by the Group as profit attributable
            to equity shareholders of the Company adjusted for the following items: (i) net realized and unrealized gain/(losses)
            on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss; (ii) net realized and unrealized gain on associates at fair value
            through profit or loss; (iii) interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities; and (iv) income tax effect related to the
            above items.

    3
            In October 2025, the Group completed the acquisition of Xianwei (Hainan) Biotechnology Co., Ltd., and the acquisition was
            deemed as a business combination under common control of the Group in accordance with the Hong Kong Accounting
            Standards. The Group’s financial information for the 1H 2025 has been restated accordingly to comply with relevant
            accounting standards.


6   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


INDUSTRY REVIEW

In recent years, a series of policies supporting the development of innovative drugs have been successively
introduced and gradually implemented, with the policy framework covering approval of new drugs review,
pricing mechanism, payment system and clinical application continuously improved. In the first half of
2026, the pharmaceutical industry of China entered a new phase of innovative transformation, switching
comprehensively toward “high-quality development”. Among them, the dynamic adjustment mechanism
of the medical insurance catalog has been continuously optimized, providing a clear path for the access of
innovative drugs; diversified payment models are also in the stage of active exploration, and the industrial
development environment keeps improving. With the gradual enhancement of the innovation capability
of domestic pharmaceutical enterprises, the total amount of overseas licensing transactions of Chinese
pharmaceutical companies has exceeded the threshold of 100 billion US dollars, reaching a new record
high. On the whole, the domestic pharmaceutical industry is in the phase of upgrade and enhancement in
innovative development, and has long-term growth potential and international development space.

BUSINESS REVIEW

1.   Continued Revenue Growth as Innovation Transformation Enters Its Harvest Period

     In the first half of 2026, the Group recorded revenue of RMB4,580 million, representing a year-on-
     year increase of 27.8%. Revenue from the innovative drug business accounted for 84.9% of total
     revenue, further confirming the strategic success of the Group’s innovation transformation. The
     neuroscience and autoimmune businesses maintained relatively rapid growth, while the oncology
     business continued to develop steadily, collectively driving the expansion of the Group’s revenue base
     with improving operating quality.

     The Group continued to strengthen professional promotion and market access for marketed
     products, while sparing no efforts in advancing new product launches, indication expansion and
     international partnerships.

2.   Expanding the Innovative Drug Portfolio and Enhancing Patient Access

     In neuroscience, the Group continued to advance the commercialization of Sanbexin® injection,
     Sanbexin® sublingual tablets and QUVIVIQ ®, fulfilling the treatment needs of patients with stroke and
     insomnia. In July 2026, Sanbexin® injection was included in the updated National Essential Medicines
     List, further expanding healthcare institution coverage and improved patient access.

     In oncology, the Group continued to advance the commercialization and lifecycle management
     of marketed products, extending their clinical application value through the development of new
     indications. A new indication for COSELA® received marketing approval, while applications for new
     indications for ENWEIDA® and Endostar® were accepted for review, bringing new treatment options to
     more cancer patients.

     In autoimmune diseases, the Group continued to diversify its pipeline of future products. New drug
     applications for Leruiping® and Pumecitinib Gel were accepted for review, bringing more treatment
     options to patients with atopic dermatitis and other diseases.

     In anti-infective diseases, new drug applications for Xianlinda® tablets for adults and adolescents,
     pediatric tablets and pediatric granules were accepted for review. In August 2026, the Group obtained
     exclusive commercialization rights to Yingmule® in Greater China. The product received marketing
     approval in September 2026, further expanding the Group’s presence in anti-infective diseases and
     benefiting more patients.


                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026   7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    3.   Advancing Clinical Stage Projects under Research and Strengthening the Pipeline

         As of the date of this report, the Group obtained approval for three investigational new drug (“IND”)
         applications, achieved first-in-human (“FIH”)/first-patient-in (“FPI”) milestones in eleven studies, and
         completed last-patient-in (“LPI”) milestones in five studies. Details are set out below:

         Three new IND approvals:

         •     SIM0532 (Pan-RAS): advanced solid tumors, March 2026;

         •     SIM0613 (LRRC15 ADC): advanced solid tumors, May 2026;

         •     SIM0689 (PD-1/VEGF): advanced solid tumors, June 2026.

         FIH/FPI milestones achieved in eleven studies:

         •     SIM0610 (EGFR/cMET ADC): advanced solid tumors, Phase I, January 2026;

         •     SIM0811 (PLG): Phase I, January 2026;

         •     SIM0278 (IL-2mu-Fc): alopecia areata, Phase II, February 2026, the United States;

         •     Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension (RdRp): RSV infection in infants and young
               children, Phase III, March 2026;

         •     Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension (RdRp): RSV infection in infants and young
               children, Phase I bioequivalence (BE) study, April 2026;

         •     SIM0532 (Pan-RAS): advanced solid tumors, Phase I, May 2026;

         •     SIM0278 (IL-2mu-Fc): lupus nephritis, Phase II, June 2026;

         •     SIM0613 (LRRC15 ADC): advanced solid tumors, Phase I, June 2026;

         •     COSELA® (CDK4/6): limited-stage small cell lung cancer, Phase III, June 2026;

         •     ENLITUO® (EGFR): first-line colorectal cancer, Phase III, June 2026;

         •     SIM0689 (PD-1/VEGF): advanced solid tumors, Phase I, July 2026.




8   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     LPI milestones completed in five studies:

     •    ENWEIDA® (PD-L1): perioperative treatment of non-small cell lung cancer, Phase III, May 2026;

     •    SIM0278 (IL-2mu-Fc): atopic dermatitis, Phase II, May 2026;

     •    SIM0811 (PLG): Phase I, June 2026;

     •    SIM0270 (SERD): second-line breast cancer, Phase III, June 2026;

     •    Zemprocitinib (JAK1): ankylosing spondylitis, Phase III, July 2026.


4.   Deepening International Partnerships to Build Global Innovation Capacity

     In January 2026, the Group entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Boehringer Ingelheim
     for SIM0709, granting it exclusive worldwide rights outside Greater China to this TL1A/IL-23p19
     bispecific antibody. In September 2026, the Group entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with
     Roche for SIM0660, granting it exclusive worldwide rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize
     this CD79a/CD19/CD3 trispecific antibody.

     In June 2026, the Group has entered into research collaborations agreement with Stanford University
     School of Medicine; in July of the same year, the Group has proceeded with Schrödinger, a U.S.
     company, of drug discovery collaboration.


PRODUCT PIPELINE SUMMARY

The following chart summarizes the targets, indications, scope of rights and development status of the
Group’s key R&D programs as of the date of this report.




                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026   9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                 Territory                            Product candidate                          Pre-clinical                  IND           Phase I      Phase II        Phase III      NDA/BLA
                                                     (Target/Mechanism)
                                                                                                 Anti-Oncology

                   Global                Endostar® New indication (Angiogenesis)               Thoracoabdominal effusions (COREMAP study)

                                         Enweida (恩維達®) New indication                         Advanced biliary tract cancer
       China (commercialization right)
                                         (PD-L1)

                                                                                               Non-small cell lung cancer (perioperative)


                                                                                               TMB-H Solid tumors


                   Global                SIM0270（SERD）                                         Breast cancer

       China (commercialization right)   Denlorlatinib（ALK/ROS1）                               Non-small cell lung cancer

       China (commercialization right)   ENLITUO® New indication (EGFR)                        First-line colorectal cancer


                   China                 COSELA® New indication (CDK4/6)                       Limited stage small cell lung cancer

                   Global                SIM0237（PD-L1/IL15v bispecific antibody）              Non-muscle invasive bladder cancer

      China (Option to license from AbbVie SIM0500
                                                                                               Multiple myeloma (China and U.S.)
        for rights outside Greater China)  （GPRC5D/BCMA/CD3 trispecific antibody）

                   China                 SIM0395（PI3K/mTOR）                                    Glioblastoma                                                          （GBM AGILE study）


                   Global                SIM0508（Polθ）                                         Solid tumors (China and U.S.)

      China (licensed-out to NextCure
                                         SIM0505（CDH6 ADC）                                     Solid tumors (China and U.S.)
              outside of China)

                   Global                SIM0686（FGFR2b ADC）                                   Solid tumors (China and U.S.)

                   Global                SIM0609（CDH17 ADC）                                    Solid tumors (China and U.S.)


                   Global                SIM0610（EGFR/cMet ADC）                                Solid tumors

                   Global                SIM0532（PanRAS）                                       Solid tumors

        China (licensed-out to Ipsen
                                         SIM0613（LRRC15 ADC）                                   Solid tumors
             outside of China)

                   Global                SIM0689（PD-1/VEGF）                                    Solid tumors


                   Global                SIM0518（forth generation of ALK）                      Solid tumors

               Licensed-out
                                         SIM0660 (CD79a/CD19/CD3)                              Lymphoma and
                                                                                               B-cell-related iseases
             to Roche globally

                   China                 SIM0323（CD80/IL2）                                     Solid tumors


                   Global                SIM0688（B7H3/cMet ADC）                                Solid tumors


                   Global                SIM0616（STEAP1/PSMA/CD3）                              Solid tumors

                   Global                SIM0611（EGFR/cMet ADC(NMTi)）                          Solid tumors


                                                                                                   Neuroscience

                   Global
                                         Sanbexin® sublingual tablets                          Post stroke cognitive impairment
                                         (Free radicals and inflammatory cytokines)

                                                                                               AIS (U.S.)


                   Global                SIM0811（PLG）                                          AIS, MI, etc.

                   Global                SIM0815 (brainpenetration-Aβ bispecific antibody)     Alzheimer's disease



                                                                                                   Autoimmune

                   China                 Leruiping® Rademikibart（IL-4Rα）                       AD


                                                                                               Asthma

       China (commercialization right)   Pumecitinib Gel (JAK)                                 AD


       China (commercialization right)   Zemeixin® Zemprocitinib（JAK1）                         RA

                                                                                               AS
       China (licensed-out to Almirall                                                         AD
             outside of China)           SIM0278（IL-2mu-Fc）
                                                                                               LN

                                                                                               Alopecia areata (U.S.)
            China (licensed-out to
     Boehringer Ingelheim outside of China)
                                            SIM0709（TL1A/IL23p19）                              Inflammatory bowel disease


                   Global                SIM0712（STAT6 PROTAC）                                 AD, COPD, Asthma, etc



                   Global                SIM0725（CD122）                                        Vitiligo, AA, etc



                   Global                SIM0708（IL-4Rα ADC）                                   AD, COPD, Asthma, etc



                   Global                SIM0721                                               LN、IgAN, etc


                   Global                SIM0722                                               AD, COPD, Asthma, etc



                                                                                             Anti-infective

       China (commercialization right)   Xianlinda® Deunoxavir Marboxil（PA）                    Influenza (adult/adolescent)

                                                                                               Influenza (child)
                                                                                               Post-exposure prevention of influenza
                                                                                               type A and B (2 years old and above)

       China (commercialization right)   Culevibart Injection                                  Age 1 to 2 RSV prevention



                   China                 Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide                    Respiratory syncytial virus infection
                                         Dry Suspension（RdRp）

                                                  Development status of the Group                                                  Development status of partner(s)




10   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


INNOVATIVE DRUGS AT THE COMMERCIALIZATION STAGE

Neuroscience Products

Sanbexin® injection (Edaravone and Dexborneol Concentrated Solution for Injection)

Sanbexin® injection is a category I innovative drug developed by the Group with proprietary intellectual
property right used to treat acute ischemic stroke (“AIS”). Sanbexin® injection was approved for marketing
in China in July 2020 and has been included in the NRDL since December 2020 and renewed its inclusion
in the NRDL in November 2024.

For the six months ended June 30, 2026, Sanbexin® Injection, accounting for approximately 34% of the
market share in stroke injection, covered approximately 1.07 million patients and over 5,900 medical
institutions.


Milestone of Commercialization

•      In July 2026, Sanbexin® injection was
       officially included in the National Essential
       Medicines List (2026 Edition). According
       to the relevant management regulations
       for essential medicines, public medical
       institutions at all levels nationwide are
       required to equip and give priority to the
       use of medicines listed in the catalog. The inclusion is highly beneficial for Sanbexin® injection to
       accelerate market penetration into county-level and grassroot healthcare markets, and expand
       terminal prescription scenarios. Compounded with its existing medical insurance qualifications, this
       milestone will further enhance the accessibility of the medicine and solidify the Group’s competitive
       edge in the therapeutic field of acute stroke.




                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Data Release

     •     In January 2026, two major research findings were published. Firstly, a sub-group analysis based on
           the EXPAND study was published in JAHA, confirming that Edaravone Dexborneol improves 90-day
           functional outcomes and reduces mortality rate in AIS patients with large core myocardial infarction
           and poor prognosis. Secondly, the TASTE-2 study was published in BMJ, confirming that Edaravone
           Dexborneol combined with EVT significantly improves long-term functional prognosis in patients
           with acute large vessel occlusion stroke with good safety.

     •     In February 2026, relevant updates were presented at ISC 2026. An analysis pooling 4 RCTs with a
           total of 3,627 patients confirmed that Edaravone Dexborneol improves functional outcomes in AIS
           patients. Additional research suggested the drug may simultaneously improve vascular dementia-
           related brain injury and cardiac injury.

     •     In May 2026, multiple clinical data sets were released at ESOC 2026. Two overseas analyses
           consistently validated that the product improves functional recovery and delivers comprehensive
           benefits in AIS patients. A real-world study from Xuanwu Hospital provided further evidence
           supporting the efficacy of Edaravone Dexborneol in improving functional prognosis in patients with
           posterior circulation stroke.


     Sanbexin® sublingual tablets (Edaravone and Dexborneol sublingual tablets)

     Sanbexin® sublingual tablets is a brain
     cytoprotective agent composed of edaravone and
     dexborneol, two active ingredients with synergistic
     anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory effects,
     which can significantly reduce brain cell injury or
     impairment caused by AIS. Such unique sublingual
     tablets formulation can quickly disintegrate once
     in contact with the saliva under the tongue and can
     be absorbed into the blood through the sublingual
     venous plexus, increasing the flexibility of stroke treatment. Sanbexin ® sublingual tablets can form a
     sequential therapy combined with Sanbexin® injection, enabling patients to receive a complete course of
     treatment in and outside of the hospital.

     In December 2024, Sanbexin® sublingual tablets was approved for marketing in China, aiming at improving
     the neuro symptoms, the daily living abilities and dysfunction caused by AIS. In August 2024, Sanbexin®
     sublingual tablets was granted the “Breakthrough Therapy” designation by the FDA, which was the first
     innovative drug in the global stroke treatment sector receiving such designation and the first innovative
     drug in the Chinese neuroscience sector receiving such designation.




12   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Data Release

•     In May 2026, the “Research Progress of Edaravone Dexborneol in Brain Cell Protection for Acute
      Ischemic Stroke” was published in the Chinese Journal of Stroke. The article pointed out that,
      compared with most single-target brain-protection drugs, Edaravone Dexborneol acts on multiple
      pathological mechanisms of ischemic stroke. This multi-dosage-form strategy endows Edaravone
      Dexborneol not only with pharmacological advantages in brain protection, but also with outstanding
      clinical applicability and accessibility.


QUVIVIQ® (daridorexant hydrochloride tablets)

QUVIVIQ ® is a dual orexin receptor antagonist
(“DORA”). Unlike traditional sedative-hypnotic
drugs that promote sleep by sedating the brain,
QUVIVIQ® works by blocking the binding of
wake-promoting orexin neuropeptides (orexin
A and orexin B) to their receptors. In addition
to improving nighttime sleep in adults with
insomnia disorder, QUVIVIQ ® also enhances
daytime functioning. It is the only DORA insomnia
medication approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for improving daytime functioning. The
Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Insomnia Disorders in China (2nd Edition), published in 2025,
strongly recommend QUVIVIQ® with Grade A evidence. In June 2025, QUVIVIQ® was approved for marketing
in China for the treatment of adult patients with insomnia characterised by difficulty falling asleep and/
or difficulty staying asleep, and is not classified as a psychotropic substance. Previously, QUVIVIQ ® has
been approved for marketing in 38 countries including the United States, the United Kingdom, Switzerland,
Canada, as well as in the Hong Kong SAR of China.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026   13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Data Release

     •     In March 2026, Idorsia announced that daridorexant had achieved positive results in a Phase II
           dose-exploration study (NCT05423717) in children with sleep disorders. The study demonstrated
           that daridorexant produced statistically significant, dose-dependent improvements in sleep in
           children and adolescents with insomnia, and confirmed its favourable safety and tolerability profile
           in the paediatric population for the first time. Currently, there are no FDA-approved treatments for
           paediatric insomnia in the United States, and clinical treatment options are extremely limited. These
           results not only further expand the evidence base for daridorexant in the treatment of insomnia but
           also offer new hope for the clinical field of paediatric insomnia, where there has long been an unmet
           need.

     •     In March 2026, the European Psychiatric Association 2026 Congress (EPA 2026) presented
           preliminary data from a study of 50 mg daridorexant in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity
           disorder (ADHD) and comorbid insomnia. The study enrolled 30 patients with ADHD and comorbid
           insomnia and aimed to assess the effects of daridorexant on insomnia symptoms and attention. The
           results showed that following treatment with daridorexant, 62.5% of patients achieved clinically
           significant improvement in insomnia symptoms (a reduction of ≥7 points in the Insomnia Severity
           Index (ISI)).

     •     In June 2026, the “Chinese Expert Consensus on the Treatment of Insomnia with Daridorexant”,
           jointly formulated by 34 multidisciplinary experts led by Professor Lu Lin, an Academician of the
           Chinese Academy of Sciences and Professor at Peking University Sixth Hospital, was officially
           published. The consensus comprises 17 recommendations. It not only clarifies the dual benefits
           of daridorexant in improving night-time sleep and restoring daytime functioning, but also provides
           systematic and practical clinical guidance on key issues such as the target patient population,
           dosage selection, management of special patient groups, and strategies for switching medications
           and discontinuing treatment, thereby offering comprehensive guidance on the treatment of
           insomnia, ranging from mechanisms of action to clinical practice.




14   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Anti-oncology Products

Endostar® (Recombinant Human Endostatin Injection)

Endostar ® is the first anti-angiogenic targeted
drug in China and the first endostatin approved
for sale worldwide. Endostar ® has been included
in the NRDL since 2017 and is recommended as
a first-line treatment for patients with advanced
non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”) by a number
of oncology clinical practice guidelines issued
by the National Health Commission of the PRC
(“NHC”), Chinese Medical Association (中華醫學
會) and Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (“CSCO”). Also, it has been included in the recommendations
by various guidelines in relation to nasopharyngeal carcinoma, melanoma, esophageal carcinoma and
osteosarcoma. In December 2025, Endostar ® has been successfully included in the catalog of routine
medicines covered by medical insurance (as a drug negotiated outside the cooperative period).


Registration Progress

•     In February 2026, the NDA for the treatment of thoracoabdominal effusions has been accepted by the
      NMPA.


Data Release

•     In June 2026, a study on Endostar® was selected for presentation at the 2026 American Society of
      Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting. The title of the study was as follows: A Phase II Study of
      the Efficacy and Safety of Continuous Intra-arterial Cisplatin Combined with Recombinant Human
      Endostatin in Conjunction with Systemic Chemotherapy for the Treatment of Osteosarcoma.

•     In July 2026, a study on Endostar ® was selected for presentation at the 2026 European Society
      for Medical Oncology Gastrointestinal Cancers Conference (ESMO-GI). The title of the study was
      as follow: Final analysis of a Phase III study: Comparison of treatment in patients with malignant
      pleural effusion or malignant ascites by cisplatin plus Endostar and cisplatin plus placebo (the
      COREMAP study).




                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026   15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     ENWEIDA® (Envafolimab Injection)

     ENWEIDA ® is the world’s first PD-(L)1 antibody
     to be administered by subcutaneous injection
     approved for marketing. Its unique method of
     injection differentiates itself from other PD-
     (L)1 products currently on the market, with the
     differentiation advantages of short administration
     time and good safety. In March 2020, the Group
     entered into a tripartite cooperation agreement in
     relation to ENWEIDA® with 3D (Beijing) Medicines
     Inc. ( 思 路 迪（ 北 京 ）醫 藥 科 技 有 限 公 司 ) and
     Jiangsu Alphamab Biopharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.
     ( 江 蘇 康 寧 傑 瑞 生 物 製 藥 有 限 公 司 ). The Group obtained the exclusive right to promote ENWEIDA ® for
     all oncology indications and the right of first refusal of external licensing or assignment in the Chinese
     mainland.

     Registration Progress

     •     In January 2026, the NDA for the first-line treatment of unresectable or metastatic biliary tract
           cancer was accepted by the NMPA.

     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •     In May 2026, the Phase III clinical study of a new indication for ENWEIDA® in the perioperative setting
           of NSCLC has achieved LPI.

     •     The Phase II clinical study of a new indication for ENWEIDA ® of TMB-H solid tumours is currently
           ongoing.

     Data Release

     •     In June 2026, a total of four studies involving ENWEIDA ® were selected for presentation at the
           American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting. These included: Envafolimab in
           combination with GEMOX versus GEMOX alone as first-line treatment for Chinese patients with
           advanced biliary tract cancer: a randomised, open-label, multicentre, Phase III pivotal clinical trial.
           This study was the first Phase III registration clinical trial for first-line treatment of Chinese patients
           with advanced biliary tract cancer: 1) including Envafolimab in combination with GEMOX versus
           to be amended as including (1) Envafolimab in combination with GEMOX versus; (2) Envafolimab
           in combination with Lenvatinib and gemcitabine in combination with cisplatin in the treatment of
           advanced biliary tract cancer first-line treatment: a multi-centre, single-arm, open-label, phase II
           study (ENLIGHTEN study); (3) radiotherapy in short regimens in combination or not in combination
           with PD-L1 blocker (Envafolimab) in the treatment of locally advanced rectal cancer: interim
           analysis of random phase III PRECAM-R trial; (4) the efficacy and safety of Envafolimab (PD-L1
           inhibitor) in combination with XELOX as neoadjuvant treatment in the treatment of locally advanced
           colon cancer.




16   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


COSELA® (Trilaciclib Hydrochloride for Injection)

COSELA® is an effective, selective and reversiblecycl
in-dependent kinases 4 and 6 (CDK4/6) inhibitor.
COSELA® is the world’s first-in-class comprehensive
myeloprotection innovative drug that can
de-administered prior to a chemotherapy. The Group
entered into the exclusive license agreement with
G1 Therapeutics, Inc. to obtain the development and
commercialization rights of COSELA ®. In February
2021, COSELA ® was approved for marketing by the
FDA. In July 2022, the marketing of COSELA ® in
China has obtained the conditional approval by the
NMPA. In April 2023, the Group has obtained full rights to the sales milestones of COSELA®. In December
2023, the localization of COSELA® has been approved by the NMPA and it can be produced by the production
enterprises of the Group in Haikou, Hainan Province, which further improved its accessibility to patients
with cancer in China. Currently, the product has been recommended by the related key guidelines of
National Comprehensive Cancer Network Guidelines (NCCN), CSCO and other organizations. In November
2024, COSELA® was successfully included in NRDL.

Registration Progress

•     In August 2026, new indication for COSELA®, the second- and third-line treatment of extensive-stage
      small cell lung cancer has been approved.

Milestone of Clinical Progress

•     In June 2026, the phase III clinical study of new indications of COSELA® LS-SCLC has achieved FPI.

Data Release

•     In March 2026, two studies on COSELA® were selected for presentation at the European Lung Cancer
      Conference (ELCC), focusing on the field of extensive-stage small cell lung cancer.

•     In April 2026, the “Clinical Guidelines for the Use of the Full Range of Trilaciclib for Bone Marrow
      Protection” was published in the Journal of Clinical Oncology.

•     In June 2026, the “Expert Consensus on Clinical Application of Trilaciclib for Chemotherapy-Related
      Myelosuppression Prevention” was published in the Chinese Journal of Cancer Prevention and
      Treatment.

•     In June 2026, two studies on COSELA® were selected for presentation at the 2026 American Society
      of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting. The study titles were: (1) Bone marrow protection
      with trilaciclib in adjuvant and first-line chemotherapy for gastric adenocarcinoma and gastro-
      oesophageal junction adenocarcinoma: a multi-cohort study, (2) The role of trilaciclib in preventing
      chemotherapy-induced myelosuppression: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026   17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     ENLITUO® (Cetuximab Beta Injection)

     ENLITUO ® is a recombinant anti-epidermalgrowth factor
     r ec ep to r ( “EGFR”) ch i meri c mon o cl onal ant ibody f or
     first-line treatment of RAS/BRAF wild-type metastatic
     colorectal cancer (“mCRC”) in combination with FOLFIRI.
     ENLITUO ® is prepared using a specific expression process,
     effectively avoiding glycosylation modification that may
     lead to hypersensitivity without black box warnings in
     the instruction. In June 2024, ENLITUO ® was approved
     for marketing in China by the NMPA and is the first anti-
     EGFR monoclonal antibody innovative drug developed in China with independent intellectual property
     rights which has been approved by the NMPA for first-line treatment of mCRC. The successful launch of
     ENLITUO® provides high quality and affordable biological targeted remedy for Chinese mCRC patients. In
     November 2024, ENLITUO® was successfully included in NRDL.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •     In June 2026, the phase III clinical study of new indications of ENLITUO ® of first-line colorectal
           cancer has achieved FPI.


     Registration Progress

     •     In August 2026, the IND application of the new indication of ENLITUO ® for first-line treatment of
           phase II/III squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck has been approved by the NMPA.

     •     The ENLITUO® package leaflet was updated on May 11, 2026, with the statement “It is recommended
           that treatment with this product continue until the patient’s disease with progression of
           cure.” amended to “If chemotherapy is interrupted due to unacceptable toxicity caused by the
           chemotherapeutic agents, it is recommended that treatment with this product continue until the
           patient’s disease with progression of cure.”


     Data Release

     •     In April 2026, the CSCO Guidelines for Colorectal Cancer 2026 (《2026 CSCO 結 直 腸 癌 指 南 》)
           standardised the description of anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies, including ENLITUO ®, for first-
           line treatment of advanced disease, recommending their use for patients with MSS or MSI-L/
           pMMR who are suitable for intensive treatment and have wild-type RAS and BRAF, and who are
           potentially resectable, for palliative first-line treatment: for left-sided colorectal cancer – anti-
           EGFR monoclonal antibody + FOLFIR/FOLFOX (Grade I recommendation, Class 1A evidence); for
           right-sided colon cancer – anti-EGFR monoclonal antibody + FOLFIR/FOLFOX (for patients with
           contraindications to bevacizumab) (Grade II recommendation, Class 2A evidence).

     •     In June 2026, one study design of ENLITUO ® was selected for the 2026 American Society of
           Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting. The study title was: Cetuximab Beta in combination with
           fruquintinib therapy + immunotherapy: a multi-centre, random, open-label phase II clinical trial for
           first-line treatment of pMMR RAS/BRAF wild-type unresectable metastatic colorectal cancer.


18   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


ENZESHU® (Suvemcitug for Injection)

ENZESHU ® is a next-generation recombinant
humanized anti-vascular endothelial growth
factor (“VEGF”) monoclonal antibody developed
by the Group and Pyxis Oncology, Inc. On June 30,
2025, ENZESHU ® was approved for marketing in
China. ENZESHU ® is the first vascular-targeting
drug to demonstrate a significant OS benefit in
patients with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer.
In December 2025, ENZESHU ® was successfully
included in the 2025 edition of the NRDL.

By potently blocking the binding of VEGF to its receptor, ENZESHU® inhibits tumor angiogenesis, thereby
achieving an anti-tumor effect. With a unique molecular design featuring a differentiated VEGF-binding
epitope, preclinical studies have shown that ENZESHU® has significantly greater inhibitory activity against
the binding of VEGF to its receptor (VEGFR2) compared to bevacizumab, as well as stronger suppression
of human vascular endothelial cell proliferation. ENZESHU ® exhibits enhanced biological activity and
superior tumor-inhibitory effects relative to bevacizumab at the same dosage across multiple tumor
models.


Data Release

•     In June 2026, the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting has announced
      protocol for a Phase Ib/III randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial of ENZESHU ®.
      The trial is designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the novel anti-VEGF monoclonal antibody
      suvemcitug in combination with trifluridine/tipiracil (FTD/TPI) in the treatment of refractory
      metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC).




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026   19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Autoimmune Products

     Iremod® (Iguratimod Tablets)

     Iremod ® is the first Iguratimod pharmaceutical
     product approved for marketing in the world.
     Iremod ® has been included in the NRDL since
     2017. The indication is the active rheumatoid
     arthritis. Iremod® is recommended as the
     primary therapy drug for the treatment of active
     rheumatoid arthritis by a number of clinical
     practice guidelines and pathways issued by the
     NHC, Chinese Medical Association, Asia Pacific
     League of Associations for Rheumatology and
     Labor and Welfare of Japan. Since its launch
     in 2012, Iremod ® has benefited several million
     patients in China, which further consolidated its leading market position in the traditional DMARDs sector.


     Data Release

     •     In June 2026, two studies on Iremod® were selected for presentation at the 2026 European League
           Against Rheumatism (EULAR) Annual Congress. The study titles were: 1. Dual-targeted therapy
           for joint and lung diseases: Efficacy of Tofacitinib Combined with Iguratimod in the Treatment of
           Progressive Fibrotic Rheumatoid Arthritis-associated Interstitial Lung Disease; 2. A New Treatment
           Approach for Reactive Arthritis: Clinical and Cytokine Responses to Iguratimod 25 mg Compared
           with Biologics and Conventional Therapies.


     Anti-infection Products

     XIANNUOXIN® (Simnotrelvir Tablets/Ritonavir Tablets (co-packaged))

     XIANNUOXIN ® is the first domestic 3CL small
     molecule anti-SARS-CoV-2 innovative drug with
     independent intellectual property rights in China.
     On November 17, 2021, the Group entered into
     a technology transfer contract with Shanghai
     Institute of Materia Medica and Wuhan Institute of
     Virology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, pursuant
     to which, the Group obtained the development,
     production and commercialization rights on an
     exclusive basis of Simnotrelvir worldwide. In
     July 2024, XIANNUOXIN® has been reviewed and approved by the NMPA for conversions from conditional
     approval to regular approval, which became the first oral anti-SARS-CoV-2 innovative drug which has
     obtained regular approval in China.




20   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Yingmule® (Culevibart Injection)1

In September 2026, Yingmule ® has been approved
for marketing in China by the NMPA. It is indicated
for newborns and infants born at or after 35
weeks of gestational age who are entering or born
during their first RSV epidemic season, to prevent
lower respiratory tract infections caused by RSV,
excluding children with chronic lung disease (CLD),
including bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD)
or clinically significant congenital respiratory
abnormalities.


Milestone of Cooperation

•    In August 2026, the Group has entered into a strategic cooperation with Reyoung Bio, obtaining the
     exclusive commercialization rights of Yingmule® in Greater China.




1
     A product with commercial right


                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2026   21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     DRUG CANDIDATES AT THE NDA TRIAL STAGE

     Anti-infection

     Xianlinda® Deunoxavir Marboxil (PA)1

     Deunoxavir Marboxil is an inhibitor for influenza polymerase acidic (PA) protein. Preclinical studies have
     shown that Deunoxavir Marboxil demonstrates several benefits, including the absence of central nervous
     system side effects, no effect of food intake on oral drug absorption and higher safety dose. The entire oral
     dose of Deunoxavir Marboxil is merely “one tablet” and is capable of stopping influenza virus replication
     in 24 hours, having a prospect of bringing great convenience to a large number of patients, including child
     patients. In March 2025, the NDA of Deunoxavir Marboxil Tablets has been accepted by the NMPA, which
     can be used to treat uncomplicated influenza A and B in adults and adolescents.


     Autoimmune

     Leruiping® Rademikibart (IL-4Rα)

     Rademikibart is a fully human monoclonal antibody targeting IL-4R α, a common subunit of IL-4 receptor
     and IL-13 receptor. By binding with IL-4R α, Rademikibart can block the functions of IL-4 and IL-13
     effectively, thereby blocking the Th2 inflammatory pathway, thus achieving the goal of treating Th2 related
     inflammatory diseases such as atopic dermatitis and asthma.


     Registration Progress

     •        In April 2026, the NDA of Leruiping® has been accepted by the NMPA, which can be used to treat of
              atopic dermatitis in adults and adolescents.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •        The Phase III clinical study of Rademikibart in the treatment of asthma is underway.




          1
                 A product with commercial right


22   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Data Release

•     In March 2026, the Phase III clinical study of Rademikibart in adult and adolescent patients with
      moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis was selected as a Late-Breaking Abstract (LBA) for an oral
      presentation at the 84th American Academy of Dermatology Annual Meeting. Results from the
      Phase III clinical study indicated that Rademikibart offered not only a rapid onset of action, but also
      increasingly pronounced cumulative benefits over sustained treatment, demonstrating potential
      for superior efficacy compared to peer products. At Week 16, response rates for EASI-75, EASI-90,
      and IGA 0/1 in the Rademikibart group reached 74.2%, 43.0%, and 47.7%, respectively (p < 0.0001),
      showing clear clinical benefits achieved early in treatment. By Week 52, response rates for EASI-
      75, EASI-90, and IGA 0/1 further increased to 96.6%, 85.3%, and 87.1%, respectively, highlighting a
      prominent advantage in driving deep disease remission upon continuous treatment.


Pumecitinib Gel (JAK)1

Pumecitinib Gel is the first JAK inhibitor gel indicated for the treatment of AD in China. Clinical trial results
for mild-to-moderate AD in adults and adolescents aged 12 and above demonstrated that, compared
with the placebo, Pumecitinib Gel significantly improved patients’ skin lesions and related clinical
symptoms, while presenting a favorable safety and tolerability profile alongside low plasma concentration.
Furthermore, Pumecitinib Gel is non-greasy, easy to apply, and spreads evenly over the skin with a gentle
and soothing feel, which addresses the greasy texture common in certain traditional topical formulations
and helps improve patient compliance.


Milestone of Cooperation

•     In June 2026, the Group entered into an exclusive promotion service agreement with PrimeGenX
      Therapeutics Co., Ltd. (北京普祺醫藥科技股份有限公司) in relation to Pumecitinib Gel, where the
      Group will obtain the exclusive promotion rights for all dermatology indications in Chinese Mainland,
      Hong Kong, and Macau.


Registration Progress

•     In February 2026, the NDA of Pumecitinib Gel for the indication of atopic dermatitis in adults and
      adolescents has been accepted by the NMPA.




1
     A product with commercial right


                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2026   23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     PHASE III CLINICAL STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES

     Anti-oncology

     SIM0270 (SERD)

     SIM0270 is a second-generation oral SERD with blood-brain barrier penetration characteristics
     independently developed by the Group. SIM0270 was significantly more effective than fulvestrant a
     marketed intramuscular SERD product, in an in vivo model, comparable to the leading compound in the
     clinical trial phase, and reflected a brain-blood ratio significantly better than competitive compounds and
     showed a much better tumor inhibition effect than fulvestrant in the orthotropic model of breast cancer
     brain. It is expected to be used for the treatment of breast cancer with brain metastases.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •     In June 2026, the phase III clinical trial comparing SIM0270 in combination with everolimus versus
           investigator’s choice of treatment for ER+/HER2- locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer
           following treatment with a CDK4/6 inhibitor achieved LPI.


     Deulorlatinib (ALK/ROS1)1

     Deulorlatinib is the latest generation of novel type 1 drug for the treatment of NSCLC driven by ALK/ROS1
     positive fusion gene cooperated by the Group and Shenzhen TargetRx, Inc. (深圳市塔吉瑞生物醫藥有限公
     司), pursuant to which, the Group obtained the exclusive commercialization rights of the product in Chinese
     Mainland. Deulorlatinib has high blood-brain barrier permeability, and is effective for the treatment of
     NSCLC with brain metastasis.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •     In June 2026, the pre-NDA application of Deulorlatinib has been submitted.


     Autoimmune

     Zemexin® Zemprocitinib (JAK1)¹

     Zemprocitinib is a highly selective JAK1 inhibitor. In March 2022, the Group entered into a cooperation
     agreement with Lynk Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. ( 淩 科 藥 業（ 杭 州 ）有 限 公 司 ), pursuant to which the
     Group obtained the exclusive commercialization rights for Zemprocitinib for rheumatoid arthritis (RA)
     and ankylosing spondylitis (“AS”) indications in China and will be responsible for its promotional activities
     following regulatory approval.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •     In July 2026, the Phase III clinical study of Zemprocitinib for the AS indication completed LPI.




     1
          A product with commercial right


24   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Anti-infective

Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension (RdRp)

Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension is an oral nucleoside drug with broad-spectrum
activity against RNA viruses, acting through the inhibition of viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp).
The Phase II clinical trial in China evaluating Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension for the
treatment of RSV infection in infants and young children aged 1–24 months has been completed. Clinical
results demonstrated that the Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension formulation showed
favorable antiviral efficacy against RSV as well as a good safety profile. Based on the positive results of the
clinical study, the Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide dry suspension has been granted Breakthrough
Therapy drug designation by the CDE. In December 2025, the Group entered into a license agreement
with Vigonvita Life Science Co., Ltd. regarding new indications for Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide
Dry Suspension, pursuant to which the Group will obtain the exclusive rights for Deuterated Remdesivir
Hydrobromide Dry Suspension in the Greater China region for the indications of anti-RSV infection and
anti-human metapneumovirus (HMPV) infection.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•     In February 2026, Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension initiated the Phase III
      clinical trial for RSV infection.

•     In March 2026, the above clinical trial reached the FPI.


PHASE I/II CLINICAL STAGE DRUG CANDIDATES (SELECTED)

Anti-oncology

SIM0237 (PD-L1/IL15v bispecific antibody)

SIM0237 is an anti-PD-L1 monoclonal antibody fused with IL-15/IL15R α sushi protein and
developed in-house by utilizing the Group’s protein engineering platform. It can block the PD1/PD-L1
immunosuppressive pathway via binding to PD-L1 and activate the immune system through its IL-15 part,
thus playing a synergistic role of relieving immunosuppression and boosting the immune system to exhibit
antitumor effect.


Data Release

•     In March 2026, the SIM0237 Phase I/II clinical study data for the treatment of Bacillus
      CalmetteGuérin (“BCG”)-unresponsive high-risk NMIBC was presented at the European Association
      of Urology Annual Congress 2026 (EAU 2026). As of the data cut-off date (November 28, 2025), a
      total of 49 patients had received intravesical instillation of SIM0237 monotherapy. Among patients
      with carcinoma in situ (CIS) who had at least one post-baseline tumor assessment, 80% achieved
      the complete response (CR). Among patients with papillary-only disease, the 12-month disease-free
      survival (DFS) rate was 65.8%. Overall, the results demonstrate a promising clinical efficacy signal
      of SIM0237 in patients with BCG-unresponsive high-risk NMIBC. In terms of safety, intravesical
      administration of SIM0237 demonstrated favorable safety and tolerability, and serum sample
      analysis showed no detectable systemic exposure to the drug.


                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026   25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     SIM0500 (humanized GPRC5D-BCMA-CD3 trispecific antibody)

     SIM0500 is a humanized trispecific antibody that targets GPRC5D-BCMA-CD3, developed independently by
     the Group using T-cell engager poly-specific antibody technology platform. This molecule features a low
     affinity/high target-activating CD3 engaging arm and binding sites for the two tumor antigens: G-Protein-
     coupled receptor C class 5 member D (GPRC5D) and B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA). SIM0500 has
     shown strong T cell cytotoxicity against multiple myeloma (MM) cells by leveraging a combination of
     various antitumor effects.

     In January 2025, the Group has entered into an option to license agreement with AbbVie Inc. (“AbbVie”),
     and AbbVie would have the option to license SIM0500, an IND candidate. The Group will receive an upfront
     payment from AbbVie, and is eligible to receive option fees and milestone payments of up to US$1.055
     billion, as well as tiered royalties on net sales outside of the Greater China territory. AbbVie is eligible to
     receive tiered royalties on net sales in the Greater China territory. In December 2025, in addition to the
     upfront payment, the Group has received a further payment of US$40 million from AbbVie.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •     The Phase I clinical trial of SIM0500 as monotherapy is currently being conducted simultaneously in
           China and the U.S..


     SIM0505 (CDH6-ADC)

     CDH6, a Class II classical cadherin, is highly expressed in a variety of tumors but with very limited
     expression in normal tissues. SIM0505 is a CDH6-targeting ADC molecule developed by the Group, which
     consists of CDH6 monoclonal antibody specifically binding to tumor cells and the Group’s proprietary
     camptothecin derivative toxin, conjugated by a linker. By combining the tumor-specific targeting antibody
     with the high-efficiency killing effect of toxin molecules, SIM0505 can specifically target tumor cells
     and reduce the toxic side effects compared to traditional chemotherapies. Such ADC is intended for the
     treatment of malignant tumors such as ovarian and renal cancer.

     In June 2025, Simcere Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲再明醫藥股份有限公司) (“Simcere Zaiming”),
     a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a license agreement with NextCure, Inc. (“NextCure”), which (i)
     NextCure obtains global rights (excluding the Greater China region) to SIM0505; (ii) NextCure is eligible
     to access Simcere Zaiming’s proprietary topoisomerase I inhibitor (“TOPOi”) payload for the research and
     development of a novel target ADC product in preclinical development; and (iii) Simcere Zaiming will hold
     the relevant rights to the novel target ADC product in Greater China.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •     In April 2026, SIM0505 was granted fast track certification by the FDA.

     •     SIM0505 monotherapy initiated patient enrollment for the dose optimization phase in platinum-
           resistant ovarian cancer.




26   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


SIM0610 (EGFR/cMET BsADC)

SIM0610 is a Bispecific Antibody-Drug Conjugate that simultaneously targets epidermal growth factor
receptor (“EGFR”) and mesenchymal-epithelial transition factor (“cMET”), and induces tumor cell
apoptosis through intracellular release of a TOP1i. EGFR and cMET are aberrantly activated in multiple
solid tumors, including non-small cell lung cancer, and activation of the cMET pathway is one of the
key mechanisms underlying resistance to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs). Through dual-
target synergistic activity, SIM0610 has the potential to enhance anti-tumor efficacy and overcome drug
resistance. Preclinical studies have demonstrated that SIM0610 exhibits significant anti-tumor activity
across multiple tumor models.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•     In January 2026, the clinical trial of SIM0610 reached FIH.


SIM0532 (Pan-RAS)

SIM0532 is an oral, non-covalent pan-RAS inhibitor that first forms a non-covalent bond with the
intracellular chaperone protein Cyclophilin A (CypA), then binding to the activated form of RAS (RAS
(ON)) to form a ternary complex, thereby blocking the binding of RAS to effector molecules (such as
c-RAF). It broadly and potently inhibits both wild-type and mutant type RAS signaling pathways, thus
effectively killing RAS-dependent tumor cells. Preclinical data indicated that SIM0532 exhibits strong
cytotoxic activity in vitro against tumor cells with RAS gene mutations and KRAS wild-type amplification.
In preclinical CDX mouse models of RAS-mutated NSCLC, pancreatic adenocarcinoma and CRC, SIM0532
demonstrated superior efficacy compared to competitive products at equivalent doses. The mechanism of
action and preclinical data for SIM0532 supports its potential as an effective anti-tumor drug.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•     In March 2026, the IND application of SIM0532 was approved by the NMPA.

•     In May 2026, the aforementioned clinical trial reached FIH.




                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026   27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     SIM0613 (LRRC15 ADC)

     SIM0613 is a novel ADC targeting leucine-rich repeat-containing protein 15 (LRRC15). LRRC15 is highly
     expressed on the surface of various solid tumors and cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAF), but rarely
     expressed in normal cells. Upon binding to the LRRC15 protein, SIM0613 is internalized into tumor cells
     via endocytosis and releases its cytotoxic payload, thereby killing tumor cells while exerting minimal
     impact on normal cells. Specifically engineered for deep penetration into tumors and cancer-associated
     fibroblasts, SIM0613 has demonstrated significant tumor regression effects in multiple preclinical in vivo
     models.

     In December 2025, Jiangsu Simcere Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 先 聲 再 明 醫 藥 有 限 公 司 )
     (“Jiangsu Zaiming”), a subsidiary of the Group, entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Ipsen
     Pharma SAS (“Ipsen”), pursuant to which Ipsen will obtain exclusive global rights outside of Greater
     China for the development, manufacturing and commercialization of SIM0613, an LRRC15-targeting ADC
     developed by Jiangsu Zaiming. The Group is eligible to receive up to US$1,060 million, comprising a US$45
     million upfront payment, as well as development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments. The
     Group is also eligible for tiered royalties on sales.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •     In May 2026, the IND application of SIM0613 was approved by the NMPA.

     •     In June 2026, the aforementioned clinical trial reached FIH.


     Anti-oncology

     SIM0278 (IL2muFc)

     SIM0278 is an Fc fusion protein (IL2muFc) with an IL2 mutein of Regulatory T cells (“Treg”), developed
     based on the Group’s protein engineering technology platform. By introducing the mutation, the affinity
     of SIM0278 to effector T cells is reduced, while the high affinity of Treg cells is retained and then the
     selectivity of Treg cells is improved. In September 2022, the Group entered into a licensing agreement with
     Almirall S.A. (“Almirall”), which is an international biopharmaceutical company. The Group grants Almirall
     an exclusive rights and interests in the development and commercialization of SIM0278 outside Greater
     China, and retains all rights and interests in the Greater China region.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •     In February 2026, Almirall initiated the Phase II clinical study of SIM0278 in the United States and
           reached FPI for the treatment of alopecia areata.

     •     In June 2026, the Phase II clinical study of SIM0278 commenced in China and reached FPI for the
           treatment of lupus nephritis.




28   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Neuroscience

SIM0811 (PLG)

SIM0811 is a new-generation small-molecule plasminogen allosteric activator with a dual mechanism
of action that combines thrombolytic and anti-inflammatory effects. On the one hand, it modulates the
conformation of plasminogen (PLG) to enhance the efficiency of endogenous tissue plasminogen activator
(tPA), thereby accelerating thrombus dissolution. On the other hand, by inhibiting soluble epoxide
hydrolase, SIM0811 exerts anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects at the thrombus site, reducing
reperfusion-induced inflammation and vascular endothelial cell damage. In preclinical studies, SIM0811
demonstrated superior thrombolytic efficacy and antioxidant activity compared with other investigational
molecules of the same class. While traditional thrombolytic therapies such as tPA are limited by a narrow
treatment window of approximately 4.5 hours, SIM0811 is expected to extend the therapeutic window to up
to 24 hours, potentially benefiting a broader population of patients with acute ischemic stroke.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•     In January 2026, the clinical trial of SIM0811 reached FIH.

•     In June 2026, the above clinical trial reached LPI.


IND PHASE/PRE-CLINICAL DRUG CANDITATES (SELECTED)

Anti-oncology

SIM0709 (TL1A/IL-23p19)

SIM0709 is a long-acting humanized bispecific antibody independently developed by the Group using
proprietary multi-specific antibody platform. By simultaneously targeting tumor necrosis factor ligand
superfamily member 15 (TL1A) and interleukin-23 (IL-23), SIM0709 blocks two core pathways involved in
the onset and progression of IBD. In both in vitro primary cell studies and in vivo animal studies, SIM0709
demonstrated superior synergistic efficacy, even outperforming the combination of the two corresponding
monotherapies.


Milestone of Strategic Cooperation

•     In January 2026, a subsidiary of the Company, Jiangsu Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲藥
      業有限公司) (“Jiangsu Simcere”), entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Boehringer
      Ingelheim: Boehringer Ingelheim would have the exclusive global rights, outside of Greater China, of
      SIM0709, a TL1A/IL-23p19 bispecific antibody for inflammatory bowel disease. The Group is eligible
      to receive an upfront payment of EUR42 million as well as success-based development, regulatory
      and sales milestones of up to EUR1,016 million. The Group is also eligible for tiered royalties on net
      sales outside Greater China.




                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026   29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Anti-oncology

     SIM0660 (CD79a/CD19/CD3 tri-specific antibody)

     SIM0660 is a tri-specific antibody developed by Simcere Zaiming using its TCE poly-specific antibody
     technology platform. SIM0660 combines a CD3-engaging arm with binding domains targeting the two
     B-cell antigens CD79a and CD19 to induce potent T cell-mediated cytotoxicity while limiting cytokine
     release. With its potential first-in-class dual-targeting approach to CD79a and CD19, SIM0660 is designed
     to provide broad coverage across B-cell malignancies, including newly diagnosed and relapsed/refractory
     disease, and may offer a differentiated therapeutic approach for patients previously treated with CD20-
     or CD19-directed therapies. In addition, SIM0660 also has therapeutic potential for B-cell-mediated
     autoimmune diseases, where targeted depletion of pathogenic B cells may provide clinical benefit.

     Milestone of Strategic Cooperation

     •     In September 2026, the Group has entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Roche, under
           which Roche will acquire exclusive global rights to develop, manufacture, and commercialize
           SIM0660 (CD79a/CD19/CD3 tri-specific antibody). The Group is eligible to receive US$75 million
           upfront payment and up to US$1.455 billion in milestone payments. The Group is also eligible to
           receive tiered royalties of up to double digits on future net sales.

     SIM0518 (forth generation of ALK)

     ALK and ROS1 are important members of the receptor tyrosine kinase family. Their gene fusion can
     lead to a continuous activation of the kinase domain, driving downstream oncogenic signal transduction.
     SIM0518 is an oral, new-generation and highly-selective ALK/ROS1 dual inhibitor developed by the Group.
     By selectively binding to the kinase domains of ALK and ROS1 fusion proteins and their key refractory
     mutants, it inhibits ALK/ROS1 kinase activity and downstream oncogenic signal transduction, thereby
     suppressing the proliferation and survival of ALK- or ROS1-dependent tumor cells. At the same time,
     SIM0518 exhibits stronger brain penetration and higher selectivity, and is expected to demonstrate
     intracranial and extracranial antitumor activity, while posing a low risk of neurological adverse reactions.
     SIM0518 is intended for the treatment of ALK-positive or ROS1-positive non-small cell lung cancer.

     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •     In August 2026, the IND application of SIM0518 has been submitted.

     SIM0688 (B7H3/cMET ADC)

     B7H3 and cMET are highly expressed in various solid tumors, while their expressions in normal tissues are
     limited. SIM0688 is a bispecific ADC molecule developed by the Group that simultaneously targets B7H3
     and cMET. It consists of a monoclonal antibody targeting B7H3/cMET binding to the Group’s proprietary
     camptothecin derivative toxin, conjugated by a linker. It can effectively inhibit tumor growth through dual-
     target-mediated killing and bystander effects, offering significant advantages over single-target ADCs.

     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •     In September 2026, the IND application of SIM0688 has been submitted.


30   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue

For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group recorded revenue of RMB4,580 million, representing an
increase of 27.8% as compared to RMB3,585 million for the same period of 2025.

Revenue of the Group was mainly derived from the therapeutic areas where its businesses are focused.
Of which, revenue from the field of neuroscience was RMB2,009 million, accounting for 43.9% of the total
revenue and representing an increase of 60.9% as compared to RMB1,249 million for the same period
of 2025. Revenue from the field of anti-oncology was RMB925 million, accounting for 20.2% of the total
revenue and representing an increase of 5.8% as compared to RMB874 million for the same period of 2025.
Revenue from the field of autoimmune was RMB1,210 million, accounting for 26.4% of the total revenue
and representing an increase of 37.8% as compared to RMB878 million for the same period of 2025.
Revenue from other fields was RMB436 million, accounting for 9.5% of the total revenue and representing
a decrease of 25.2% as compared to RMB584 million for the same period of 2025.

The expenditure on research and development activities of the Group includes research and development
costs and the addition of intangible assets with in-licensed rights.

•     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the total expenditure on research and development
      activities of the Group amounted to RMB879 million, representing a decrease of 14.6% as compared
      to RMB1,029 million for the same period of 2025. The expenditure on research and development
      activities accounted for 19.2% of the revenue, representing a decrease of 9.5 percentage points as
      compared to 28.7% for the same period of 2025.

•     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the research and development costs amounted to RMB825
      million, representing an increase of 30.3% as compared to RMB633 million for the same period in
      2025. The research and development costs accounted for 18.0% of the revenue, representing an
      increase of 0.3 percentage point as compared to 17.7% for the same period of 2025.

•     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the addition of intangible assets with in-licensed rights
      amounted to RMB54 million, representing a decrease of 86.4% as compared to RMB396 million for
      the same period in 2025. The addition of intangible assets with in-licensed rights accounted for 1.2%
      of the revenue, representing a decrease of 9.8 percentage points as compared to 11.0% for the same
      period in 2025.


PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

The Group recorded a profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of RMB829 million for the
six months ended June 30, 2026, representing an increase of 37.9% as compared to RMB601 million for the
same period in 2025. Such increase in the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was
mainly attributable to the increase in revenue from innovative drugs and license income.




                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026   31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     NON-HKFRS MEASURE – ADJUSTED PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE
     COMPANY

     To supplement the financial information presented in accordance with HKFRS, the Group also uses
     adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company as a non-HKFRS measure. Such
     measure is unaudited in nature and is not required by, or presented in accordance with, HKFRS. The
     Group defines adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company as profit attributable to
     equity shareholders of the Company after adjusting the following items: (i) net realized and unrealized
     gains/losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss; (ii) net realized and unrealized gain on
     associates at fair value through profit or loss; (iii) interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities;
     and (iv) income tax effect related to the above items. The Group is of the view that the Group’s management
     and investors may benefit from referring to such measure in assessing the financial performance of
     the Group’s core businesses by eliminating the impacts of certain non-recurring, non-cash and/or non-
     operating items. However, the presentation of adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the
     Company may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies as it does not
     have a standardized meaning. The application of the non-HKFRS measure has limitations as an analytical
     tool, and the Shareholders and investors should not consider it in isolation from, or as substitute for
     analysis of, the results of operations or financial condition of the Group as reported under HKFRS.

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the
     Company amounted to RMB964 million, representing an increase of 48.7% as compared to RMB649 million
     for the same period of last year.




32   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table presents the Group’s adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
and the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with HKFRS
Accounting Standards, which is profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company:

                                                                                              Six months ended June 30
                                                                                                       2026                 2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                               (unaudited)          (unaudited)
 Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                                         828,720              601,052
 Add/(less):
 Net realized and unrealized losses on financial assets
      at fair value through profit or loss (1)                                                       96,494               21,388
 Net realized and unrealized gain on associates at fair value through
      profit or loss                                                                                        –             (4,893)
 Interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities             (2)
                                                                                                     40,375               34,865
 Effect of corresponding income tax                                                                  (1,191)              (3,745)

 Adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                                964,398              648,667

Notes:

(1)    Net realized and unrealized losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss arises from the remeasurement
       of the Group’s investments in certain private companies and investment funds, listed equity securities, structured
       deposits and wealth management products at fair value.

(2)    Interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities represent the change in the carrying amount of the financial liability
       issued in connection with the capital contributions in Simcere Zaiming (as defined below).




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2026   33
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

     The Group maintained a sound financial position. For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the net cash
     generated from operating activities was RMB1,605 million, while the net cash generated from operating
     activities for the same period of last year was RMB863 million. Such changes were mainly due to the
     increase in revenue and the strengthening of the management of the collection of trade receivables for the
     Group in the first half of 2026. As of June 30, 2026, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of RMB3,072
     million (as of December 31, 2025: RMB3,512 million), time deposits of RMB2,125 million (as of December
     31, 2025: RMB814 million). As of June 30, 2026, the Group had a balance of bank loans of RMB1,058
     million (as of December 31, 2025: RMB1,060 million), of which RMB1,051 million (as of December 31, 2025:
     RMB1,052 million) would mature within one year. As of June 30, 2026, RMB1,058 million of the Group’s
     bank loan balances bore interest at fixed rates, and the effective interest rate range for these loans was
     0.56% to 1.2% per annum.

     As of June 30, 2026, the current ratio (calculated by total current assets divided by total current liabilities)
     of the Group was 190.2% (as of December 31, 2025: 220.9%), while the gearing ratio (calculated by total
     liabilities divided by total assets) was 38.6% (as of December 31, 2025: 36.1%).

     Currently, the Group follows a set of funding and treasury policies to manage its capital resources and
     prevent risks involved. The Group expects to fund the working capital and other capital requirements from
     a combination of various sources, including but not limited to external financing at reasonable market
     rates. In order to better control and minimize the cost of funds, the treasury management activities of the
     Group are managed on a centralized basis.

     The assets and liabilities of the Group were denominated in RMB, USD, GBP and HKD. During the
     Reporting Period, the Group did not employ financial derivatives or enter into foreign derivative contracts
     to hedge against foreign exchange risk. However, the Group manages the foreign exchange risks by
     closely monitoring the net exposure of foreign exchange risk to minimize the impact of foreign exchange
     fluctuations.




34   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


PLEDGE OF GROUP’S ASSETS

As of June 30, 2026, the Group pledged bills receivable of RMB46 million for issuance of bank acceptance
bills and pledged bank deposits of RMB20 million for issuance of letter of guarantee. As of June 30, 2026,
leasehold land with net book value of RMB107 million was pledged as security for banking facilities, which
were not utilized as of June 30, 2026 and the pledge has been released as of the date of this report. Save as
disclosed above, as of June 30, 2026, none of the Group’s assets were pledged.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As of June 30, 2026, a subsidiary of the Group had an outstanding contract dispute with a third party, which
made an indemnity claim of approximately RMB25 million against the Group. The result of this dispute was
yet to be finalised. Based on the legal advice and available evidences, the Directors consider it unlikely
that the outcome will be unfavorable to the Group. No provision has therefore been made in respect of
this dispute. Save as disclosed above, as of June 30, 2026, the Group did not have any other contingent
liabilities.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

As of June 30, 2026, the Group did not hold any significant investments.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

Save as disclosed in “Use of Proceeds from the Listing” and “Use of Proceeds from the Placing” in this
report, as of June 30, 2026, the Group did not have any other future plans for material investments and
capital assets.


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

On March 25, 2026, Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (先 聲 藥 業 有 限 公 司) (“Simcere Pharmaceutical”),
an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Equity Transfer Agreement with
Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostic Technology Co., Ltd.* ( 江 蘇 先 聲 診 斷 技 術 有 限 公 司 ) (“Jiangsu Simcere
Diagnostic”), pursuant to which Simcere Pharmaceutical has agreed to acquire, and Jiangsu Simcere
Diagnostic has agreed to sell, the entire equity interest in Shanghai Simcere Diagnostic Technology
Co., Ltd.* ( 上 海 先 聲 診 斷 技 術 有 限 公 司 ) (“Shanghai Simcere Diagnostic”) for a cash consideration
of RMB30,763,200 (the “Acquisition”). The Acquisition was completed in April 2026. Shanghai Simcere
Diagnostic has become an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and the financial results of
Shanghai Simcere Diagnostic have already been consolidated into the financial statements of the Group.

Save as disclosed above, for the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group had no other material
acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.




                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026   35
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

     As of June 30, 2026, the Group had a total of 7,064 full-time employees. The Group attached great
     importance to the recruitment, training and retention of outstanding employees, maintaining a high
     standard in selecting and recruiting talents worldwide, and offered competitive compensation packages.
     The remuneration of employees mainly included basic salary, performance-based bonus and long-term
     incentives. Remuneration of the Directors and senior management who worked full time for the Company
     shall be determined by the remuneration and appraisal committee of the Company under the Board with
     reference to the principal duties, the results of performance assessment as well as the remuneration level
     in the market of the relevant managerial positions. During the six months ended June 30, 2026, staff costs
     of the Group (including emoluments of the Directors, social insurance and other benefits) amounted to
     RMB1,319 million. The Group established Simcere Institute, which provides employees with training on a
     regular basis, including orientation programs and technical training for new employees, professional and
     management training for middle and senior management and health and safety training across all staff.
     In addition, the Group has also adopted a restricted share unit (“RSU”) scheme on May 20, 2021 (the “2021
     RSU Scheme”), with an aim to (1) incentivise the existing and incoming directors, senior management and
     employees for their contribution to the Group; and (2) attract, motivate and retain skilled and experienced
     personnel to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group by providing them with the
     opportunity to own equity interests in the Company.

     During the Reporting Period, the Board resolved on March 26, 2026 to grant an aggregate of 2,169,000
     RSUs, representing 2,169,000 underlying Shares, to an aggregate of 54 eligible participants (all of whom
     are employees of the Group) under the 2021 RSU Scheme at nil consideration. For details of such grant,
     please refer to the announcement of Company dated March 26, 2026.


     PROSPECTS

     In the current financial year and future, the Group will uphold the corporate mission of “born for the
     patients” actively, accelerate the development of our business in China and strengthen our global
     innovation capabilities. Within the Company’s focused therapeutic areas, we will continue to enrich and
     expand our portfolio of innovative drugs, so as to lay a solid foundation for sustainable development. In
     addition, the Group will focus on building capabilities for overseas clinical development and registration,
     proactively embrace the wave of AI technology, and enable AI to empower the entire workflow spanning
     drug discovery, clinical research, commercialization and enterprise management. We will continuously
     enhance R&D efficiency, provide more effective treatment options for patients, and contribute more to the
     health and wellbeing of the community.




36   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As of June 30, 2026, the interest or short position of the Directors or chief executives of the Company
in the shares of the Company (the “Shares”), underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter
571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”)) which were (i) required to be notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interest or short positions
which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (ii) required, pursuant to
section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or (iii) required, pursuant to the
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) to be notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:

                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                         Number of percentage of
 Name of Director/                                                                Shares/underlying shareholding
 chief executive                      Nature of interest                           Shares interested    interest(1)
 Mr. REN Jinsheng(2)                  Interest in controlled corporations                 244,586,948
                                      Interest of concert parties                       1,486,688,867
                                      Interest of spouse                                      514,400

                                      Sub-total                                         1,731,790,215              67.43%

 Mr. TANG Renhong(3)                  Beneficial owner                                       1,550,000              0.06%

 Mr. WAN Yushan(4)                    Beneficial owner                                       1,445,453
                                      Beneficiary of a trust (other
                                       than a discretionary interest)                        2,100,000

                                      Sub-total                                              3,545,453              0.14%

 Ms. WANG Xi(5)                       Beneficial owner                                         274,400
                                      Beneficiary of a trust (other
                                        than a discretionary interest)                        240,000
                                      Interest of spouse                                1,731,275,815

                                      Sub-total                                         1,731,790,215              67.43%

Notes:

(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 2,568,198,618 issued Shares as of June 30, 2026.

(2)   Mr. REN Jinsheng, together with Simcere Investments Group Limited (“SIG”), P&H Holdings Group Ltd. (“P&H
      Holdings”), Right Wealth Holdings Limited (“Right Wealth”), Mr. REN Yong, Ms. LI Shimeng, Mr. REN Weidong, Ms.
      REN Zhen and Ms. PENG Suqin (collectively, the “Ultimate Controlling Shareholders”), collectively hold 1,731,275,815
      Shares, including (i) 592,810,031 Shares and 893,478,836 Shares directly held by Artking Global Limited (“Artking”) and
      Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited (“SPHL”), respectively, both of which are companies controlled by the Ultimate
      Controlling Shareholders; and (ii) an aggregate of 244,586,948 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and Fortune
      Fountain Investment Limited (“FFI”), both of which are companies controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng. By virtue of the SFO,
      as the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders are deemed to be persons acting in concert under the Codes on Takeovers and
      Mergers and Share Buybacks (the “Takeovers Code”), each of them is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each
      other. Mr. REN Jinsheng is also deemed to be interested in (i) 274,400 Shares held by his spouse, Ms. WANG Xi; and (ii)
      240,000 Shares underlying the RSUs granted to Ms. WANG Xi.


                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026    37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     (3)   Mr. TANG Renhong directly holds 1,550,000 Shares.

     (4)   Mr. WAN Yushan (i) directly holds 1,445,453 Shares; (ii) is interested in 2,100,000 RSUs granted to him under the 2021
           RSU Scheme which entitled him to receive the aggregate of 2,100,000 Shares subject to vesting. As of June 30, 2026, such
           2,100,000 RSUs remain unvested, and such vesting is subject to vesting conditions.

     (5)   Ms. WANG Xi (i) directly holds 274,400 Shares; (ii) is interested in 240,000 RSUs granted to her under the 2021 RSU
           Scheme which entitled her to receive an aggregated of 240,000 Shares subject to vesting. As of June 30, 2026, such
           240,000 RSUs remain unvested, and such vesting is subject to vesting conditions; and (iii) is deemed to be interested in
           an aggregate of 1,731,275,815 Shares directly and indirectly held by her spouse, Mr. REN Jinsheng, together with other
           Ultimate Controlling Shareholders who are deemed to be persons acting in concert under the Takeovers Code.

     Save as disclosed above, as of June 30, 2026, so far as is known to the Directors, none of the Directors
     or the chief executives of the Company had or were deemed to have any interest or short position in
     the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 7 and
     8 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section
     352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING
     SHARES
     As of June 30, 2026, the interests or short positions of persons (other than the Directors and chief
     executives of the Company) in the Shares or underlying Shares (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
     which were required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded
     in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                 Number of       Approximate
                                                                                                  Shares or percentage of
                                                                                                 underlying      shareholding
      Name of Shareholder                  Nature of interest                           Shares interested             interest(1)
      Mr. REN Yong(2)(3)                   Interest in controlled corporations/               1,731,275,815              67.41%
                                             Interest of concert parties/
                                             Founder of a discretionary trust
      Ms. LI Shimeng     (2)(3)
                                           Interest in controlled corporations/               1,731,275,815              67.41%
                                             Interest of concert parties/
                                             Interest of spouse
      P&H Holdings     (2)(3)
                                           Interest in controlled corporations/               1,731,275,815              67.41%
                                             Interest of concert parties
      Mr. REN Weidong(2)(4)                Interest in controlled corporations/               1,731,275,815              67.41%
                                             Interest of concert parties
      Right Wealth(2)(4)                   Interest in controlled corporations/               1,731,275,815              67.41%
                                             Interest of concert parties
      Ms. REN Zhen     (2)(5)
                                           Interest in controlled corporations/               1,731,275,815              67.41%
                                             Interest of concert parties




38   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


                                                                                               Number of        Approximate
                                                                                                Shares or percentage of
                                                                                               underlying       shareholding
 Name of Shareholder                     Nature of interest                           Shares interested             interest(1)
 Ms. PENG Suqin(2)(6)                    Interest in controlled corporations/               1,731,275,815              67.41%
                                           Interest of concert parties
 Artking(2)(7)                           Beneficial owner                                     592,810,031
                                         Interest in controlled corporations                  893,478,836
                                         Interest of concert parties                          244,986,948

                                         Sub-total                                          1,731,275,815              67.41%

 Simcere Holding Limited                 Interest in controlled corporations                  893,478,836
      (“Simcere Holding”)(2)(8)          Interest of concert parties                          837,796,979

                                         Sub-total                                          1,731,275,815              67.41%

 Excel Investments                       Interest in controlled corporations                  893,478,836
      Group Limited                      Interest of concert parties                          837,796,979
      (“Excel Investments”)     (2)(9)

                                         Sub-total                                          1,731,275,815              67.41%

 SPHL(2)(10)                             Beneficial owner                                     893,478,836
                                         Interest of concert parties                          837,796,979

                                         Sub-total                                          1,731,275,815              67.41%

 SIG(2)(11)                              Beneficial owner                                     116,259,578
                                         Interest in controlled corporation                   128,327,370
                                         Interest of concert parties                        1,486,688,867

                                         Sub-total                                          1,731,275,815              67.41%

 FFI(2)(12)                              Beneficial owner                                     120,961,370
                                         Interest of concert parties                        1,610,314,445

                                         Sub-total                                          1,731,275,815              67.41%

Notes:

(1)     The calculation is based on the total number of 2,568,198,618 issued Shares as of June 30, 2026.

(2)     The Ultimate Controlling Shareholders collectively hold 1,731,275,815 Shares, including (i) 592,810,031 Shares and
        893,478,836 Shares directly held by Artking and SPHL, respectively, both of which are companies controlled by the
        Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; and (ii) an aggregate of 244,986,948 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI,
        both of which are companies controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng. As the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders are deemed to
        be persons acting in concert under the Takeovers Code, each of them is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by
        each other by virtue of the SFO.




                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026     39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     (3)    Mr. REN Yong is the settlor of the P&H Family Trust, and P&H Family Trust holds the entire equity interest in P&H
            Holdings. Mr. REN Yong, Ms. LI Shimeng and P&H Holdings are deemed to be interested in the 1,731,275,815 Shares
            collectively held by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

     (4)    Mr. REN Weidong is the brother of Mr. REN Jinsheng and holds the entire equity interest in Right Wealth. Mr.
            REN Weidong and Right Wealth are the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and are deemed to be interested in the
            1,731,275,815 Shares collectively held by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

     (5)    Ms. REN Zhen is the sister of Mr. REN Jinsheng. She is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and is deemed to
            be interested in the 1,731,275,815 Shares collectively held by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

     (6)    Ms. PENG Suqin is the mother of Mr. REN Yong and is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders. Ms. PENG Suqin is
            deemed to be interested in the 1,731,275,815 Shares collectively held by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

     (7)    Artking directly holds 592,810,031 Shares and is deemed to be interested in 1,138,465,784 Shares, including (i)
            893,478,836 Shares directly held by SPHL, a controlled corporation of Artking; and (ii) an aggregate of 244,586,948
            Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng and are
            deemed to be acting in concert with Artking under the Takeovers Code.

     (8)    Simcere Holding is deemed to be interested in 1,731,275,815 Shares, including (i) 893,478,836 Shares directly held by
            SPHL, a controlled corporation of Simcere Holding; and (ii) an aggregate of 837,396,979 Shares, which comprises of (a)
            592,810,031 Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; and (b) an
            aggregate of 244,586,948 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr.
            REN Jinsheng. Artking, SIG and FFI are deemed to be acting in concert with Simcere Holding under the Takeovers Code.
            Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director of Simcere Holding.

     (9)    Excel Investments is deemed to be interested in 1,731,275,815 Shares, including (i) 893,478,836 Shares directly held by
            SPHL, a controlled corporation of Excel Investments; and (ii) an aggregate of 837,396,979 Shares, which comprises of
            (a) 592,810,031 Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; and (b)
            an aggregate of 244,586,948 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by
            Mr. REN Jinsheng. Artking, SIG and FFI are deemed to be acting in concert with Excel Investments under the Takeovers
            Code. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director of Excel Investments.

     (10)   SPHL directly holds 893,478,836 Shares and is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 837,796,979 Shares, including
            (i) 592,810,031 Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; and (ii) an
            aggregate of 244,586,948 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr.
            REN Jinsheng. Artking, SIG and FFI are deemed to be acting in concert with SPHL under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN
            Jinsheng is the director of SPHL.

     (11)   SIG directly holds 116,259,578 Shares and is deemed to be interested in 1,615,016,237 Shares, including (i) 120,961,370
            Shares and 7,366,000 Shares directly held by FFI and Nanjing BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd (南京百家匯科
            技發展有限公司), both of which are controlled corporations of SIG and ultimately controlled by Mr. REN Jinsheng; and (ii)
            an aggregate of 1,486,288,867 Shares directly held by Artking and SPHL, both of which are deemed to be acting in concert
            with SIG under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director of SIG.

     (12)   FFI directly holds 120,961,370 Shares and is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 1,610,314,445 Shares directly or
            indirectly held by SPHL, Artking and SIG, all of which are deemed to be acting in concert with FFI under the Takeovers
            Code. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director of FFI.

     Save as disclosed above, as of June 30, 2026, so far as is known to the Directors, there was no other person
     (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the
     Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of
     Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
     Company under Section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.




40   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


2021 RSU SCHEME
The Company has approved and adopted the 2021 restricted share unit scheme (the “2021 RSU Scheme”)
on May 20, 2021, the purposes of which are to (i) incentivize the existing and incoming directors, senior
management and employees for their contribution to the Group; and (ii) attract, motivate and retain skilled
and experienced personnel to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group by providing
them with the opportunity to own equity interests in the Company. The 2021 RSU Scheme shall be valid and
effective for a period of ten years commencing from the date of adoption.
In light of the amended Chapter 17 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) taking into effect from January 1, 2023, the Company amended
the 2021 RSU Scheme and adopted the scheme mandate limit (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the 2021
RSU Scheme, which were approved at the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 15, 2023.
For details of the 2021 RSU Scheme and its amendments, please refer to the announcements and circular
of the Company dated May 20, 2021, March 31, 2023, May 25, 2023 and June 15, 2023, respectively.
During the Reporting Period, the Board resolved on March 26, 2026 to grant an aggregate of 2,169,000
RSUs, representing 2,169,000 underlying Shares, to an aggregate of 54 eligible participants, all of whom
are employees of the Group, under the 2021 RSU Scheme at nil consideration. For details of such grant,
please refer to the announcement of the Company dated March 26, 2026.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026   41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     The number of RSUs available for grant under the 2021 RSU Scheme was 242,312,421 as of January 1, 2026
     and 241,591,921 as of June 30, 2026. The number of Shares underlying the RSUs that granted under the
     2021 RSU Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue
     during the Reporting Period is 0.08%. Details of the outstanding RSUs granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme
     and the movements during the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                                  Number of                    Closing price         Weighted        Fair value of
                                                   Number             Shares                   of the Shares          average           awards at                                    Number of                            Approximate
                                                 of Shares        underlying                    immediately     closing price          the date of                                       Shares                          percentage of
                                                underlying         the RSUs       Number of        before the   of the Shares       grant and the                                    underlying    Vesting dates          total number
                                                  the RSUs       outstanding    RSUs granted          date on    immediately          accounting          Vested       Lapsed          the RSUs          (subject          of Shares in
                                               outstanding              as of     during the        which the           before           standard      during the   during the   outstanding as        to vesting            issue as of
      Name or category                       as of the date       January 1,       Reporting   awards were         the vesting          and policy     Reporting    Reporting        of June 30,      conditions               June 30,
      of grantee          Date of grant       of grant(Note 1)          2026          Period         granted         date(Note 2)    adopted(Note 3)      Period       Period              2026             (Note 4)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     )             2026

      Executive Directors
      Mr. WAN Yushan December 1, 2025             2,100,000        2,100,000               –       HK$13.64                    –        HK$13.93               –            –         2,100,000             Note 5             0.0818%
      Ms. WANG Xi         December 1, 2025          240,000          240,000               –       HK$13.64                    –        HK$13.93               –            –           240,000             Note 5             0.0093%


      Other grantees
      Employees           June 28, 2023          4,378,000           241,000               –        HK$7.43             Note 2           HK$7.25         200,000       41,000                 –             Note 6             0.0000%
                          March 21, 2024         3,746,000         1,499,000               –        HK$5.30             Note 2           HK$5.49         549,000      479,000           471,000             Note 7             0.0183%
                          August 22, 2024        2,640,700           156,000               –        HK$5.35             Note 2           HK$5.24               –            –           156,000             Note 8             0.0061%
                          March 25, 2025         1,777,000         1,757,000               –        HK$7.83             Note 2           HK$7.52         657,000      246,000           854,000             Note 9             0.0333%
                          August 22, 2025          675,000           675,000               –       HK$12.77             Note 2          HK$14.10               –            –           675,000            Note 10             0.0263%
                          December 1, 2025      13,068,100        12,888,100               –       HK$13.64             Note 2          HK$13.93               –      565,500        12,322,600            Note 11             0.4798%
                          March 26, 2026         2,169,000                 –       2,169,000       HK$11.33             Note 2          HK$11.18               –       45,000         2,124,000            Note 12             0.0827%

      Total               –                     30,793,800        19,556,100       2,169,000               –                   –                  –    1,406,000    1,376,500        18,942,600                     –    0.7376%(Note 13)

     Notes:

     1.       The RSUs were granted to the grantees at nil consideration and were or will be transferred to the grantees upon vesting
              at nil consideration.

     2.       As no RSUs held by the relevant Directors were vested during the Reporting Period according to their respective vesting
              schedules, the weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the vesting date for each of them is not
              applicable. The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the vesting date for employees as a
              category of grantees is HK$10.77.

     3.       For details of the accounting standard and policy adopted in relation to and the basis of the measurement of fair value of
              RSUs, please see Note 20 to the unaudited interim financial statement in this report.




42   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


4.    The vesting of the RSUs shall be subject to the assessment of the annual performance of the Grantees, and such
      assessment is based on the evaluation of:

      (i)    the Grantee’s individual performance; and

      (ii)   the business performance of the Group, with reference to various factors, including but not limited to the Group’s
             overall performance targets and its actual results, as well as its financial position.

      Upon each vesting date, the portion of RSUs that vests shall be determined based on the assessment of the Grantee’s
      annual performance, and the unvested portion shall lapse.

5.    One third of the RSUs granted shall vest on December 1, 2026, 2027, and 2028, respectively.

6.    In relation to 4,302,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on June 28, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively. In
      relation to 76,000 RSUs granted, all of them shall vest on June 28, 2024.

7.    In relation to 359,000 RSUs granted, all of the RSUs shall vest on March 21, 2025. In relation to 126,000 RSUs granted,
      half of the RSUs shall vest on March 21, 2025 and 2026, respectively. In relation to 3,261,000 RSUs granted, one third of
      the RSUs shall vest on March 21, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively.

8.    In relation to 2,406,700 RSUs granted, all of the RSUs shall vest on August 22, 2025. In relation to 234,000 RSUs granted,
      one third of the RSUs shall vest on August 22, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively.

9.    In relation to 400,000 RSUs granted, all of the RSUs shall be vested on March 25, 2026. In relation to 1,377,000 RSUs
      granted, one third of the RSUs shall be vested on March 25, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively.

10.   One third of the RSUs granted shall vest on August 22, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively.

11.   In relation to 100,000 RSUs granted, all of the RSUs shall vest on December 1, 2026. In relation to 12,968,100 RSUs
      granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on December 1, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively.

12.   One third of the RSUs granted shall vest on March 26, 2027, 2028, and 2029, respectively.

13.   The aggregate percentage of number of Shares underlying the RSUs outstanding as of June 30, 2026 divided by total
      number of Shares in issue as of June 30, 2026 may not add up to the total percentage of 0.7376% due to rounding.

14.   During the Reporting Period, no RSUs have been cancelled pursuant to the 2021 RSU Scheme.




                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026     43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     After the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, there were no material events affecting the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries.


     CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
     Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated January 9, 2026 in relation to the proposed
     spin-off and separate listing of Simcere Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Simcere Zaiming”) on the
     Main Board of the Stock Exchange (the “Proposed Spin-off”). In light of the Proposed Spin-off, Dr. TANG
     Renhong (“Dr. TANG”) has been re-designated from an executive Director to a non-executive Director with
     effect from August 20, 2026. Dr. TANG will continue to serve as the chairman of the board of directors,
     an executive director and the chief executive officer of Simcere Zaiming. Whilst Dr. TANG is no longer
     responsible for the daily management of the Company, he will remain as a non-executive Director and be
     available to give advice and share his valuable expertise to the Board for formulating the overall corporate
     strategies, objectives and direction of the Group, provide strategic advice on business decisions for the
     furtherance of the business success of the Group.
     As part of the Group’s internal realignment of executive roles in response to its evolving business needs,
     Dr. ZHOU Yunshu has been re-designated from the chief executive officer of the Company (the “Chief
     Executive Officer”) to the President of the Group and Mr. REN Jinsheng has been appointed in his place as
     the Chief Executive Officer with effect from August 20, 2026.
     Save as disclosed above, there has been no other change in the information of the Directors and chief
     executive of the Company as required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since
     the publication of the 2025 annual report of the Company up to the date of this report.




44   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Group is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principles
of the Group’s corporate governance are to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high
standard of ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business, so as to ensure that
its business and operation are conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, enhance the
transparency of the Board, and strengthen the accountability to all Shareholders. The Group’s corporate
governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions prescribed in the Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.
Save as disclosed below, the Group has complied with the code provisions contained in Part 2 of the CG
Code during the Reporting Period.
Under code provision C.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer
should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. During the period from January
1, 2026 to March 24, 2026, the roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer were not separated
and Mr. REN currently performs performed these two roles. Mr. REN is the founder of the Group, the
Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer. He was then primarily responsible for overall corporate business
strategies and business operation of the Group and making significant business and operational decisions
for the Group. The Directors jointly consider that vesting the roles of both the Chairman and the Chief
Executive Officer in Mr. REN is beneficial to the business prospects of the Group by ensuring consistent
leadership to the Group as well as prompt and effective decision making and implementation. In addition,
the Directors jointly believe that this structure will not impair the balance of power and authority between
the Board and the management of the Company, given that: (i) any decision to be made by the Board
requires approval by at least a majority of the Directors; (ii) Mr. REN and other Directors are aware of
and undertake to fulfill their fiduciary duties as the Directors, which require, among other things, that
he acts for the benefit and in the best interests of the Company and will make decisions for the Company
accordingly; (iii) the balance of power and authority is ensured by the operations of the Board, which
consists of four executive Directors (including Mr. REN) and four independent non-executive Directors, and
has a fairly strong independence element; and (iv) the overall strategic and other key business, financial,
and operational policies of the Company are made collectively after thorough discussion at both Board and
senior management levels.




                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026   45
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
     The Group has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the Group’s
     code of conduct regarding the Directors’ securities transactions. Having made specific enquiries of all
     the Directors, all the Directors confirmed that they have strictly complied with the Model Code during the
     Reporting Period.


     AUDIT COMMITTEE AND REVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     The Group established an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) with written terms of reference in
     compliance with the CG Code. The main duties of the Audit Committee are to review and supervise the
     financial reporting process and internal control system of our Group, oversee the audit process, review
     and oversee the existing and potential risks of the Group and perform other duties and responsibilities as
     assigned by the Board.
     As of the date of this report, the Audit Committee consists of three members, all of which are independent
     non-executive Directors, namely Mr. WANG Xinhua, Mr. SONG Ruilin and Mr. WANG Jianguo. The
     chairperson of the Audit Committee is Mr. WANG Xinhua, who possesses the appropriate professional
     qualifications and accounting and related financial management expertise.
     The Audit Committee has reviewed the financial reporting processes, risk management and internal
     control systems of the Group and the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements
     and interim report of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2026, and is of the opinion that
     these statements have complied with the applicable accounting standards, the Listing Rules and legal
     requirements, and that adequate disclosure has been made.




46   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
The Directors have been granted a general mandate by the shareholders of the Company (the
“Shareholders”) at the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 13, 2025 (the “2024 AGM”)
to repurchase up to 247,469,761 Shares on the Stock Exchange, representing 10% of the total number of
issued Shares as of the date of the 2024 AGM (the “Repurchase Mandate”). During the Reporting Period,
the Company repurchased a total of 27,499,000 Shares (the “Repurchased Shares”) on the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Repurchase Mandate at a total consideration (excluding expenses) of HK$312,470,970 (the
“Share Repurchase”), which was funded by internal resources of the Company. As of the date of this report,
all the Repurchased Shares were cancelled. Details of the Shares repurchased by the Company during the
Reporting Period are as follows:

                                                                                                           Total
                                         Total number        The highest       The lowest          consideration
                                            of Shares     purchase price    purchase price            (excluding
 Month of Share Repurchase               repurchased          per Share         per Share              expense)
                                                                  (HK$)             (HK$)                 (HK$)
 January 2026                              10,851,000              11.90             11.20           125,824,644
 March 2026                                 1,974,000              11.33             10.94            22,032,406
 May 2026                                  14,674,000              11.91             10.36           164,613,920

 Total                                     27,499,000                                               312,470,970

The Share Repurchase was governed by section 257 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The total
amount paid on the Repurchased Shares of HK$312,470,970 (equivalent to RMB276,237,000) was paid
wholly out of retained profits of the Company.
The Board believes that the Share Repurchase demonstrates the Company’s confidence in its own
business outlook and prospects and would, ultimately, benefit the Company and create value for the
Shareholders. In addition, the Board believes that the current financial resources of the Company enable it
to implement the Share Repurchase while maintaining a solid financial position.
Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares (if
any). The Company did not hold any treasury shares during the Reporting Period and as of June 30, 2026.


INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board resolved not to declare any interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2026.




                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026   47
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING
     The net proceeds from the initial public offering of the Shares in October 2020 and allotment and issuance
     of Shares pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option in November 2020 (the “Net
     Proceeds from the Listing”), amounted to approximately HK$3,513.09 million in aggregate. The proposed
     use of the Net Proceeds from the Listing was disclosed in the prospectus of the Company dated October 13,
     2020 (the “Prospectus”).
     The following table sets out the utilization of the Net Proceeds from the Listing as of June 30, 2026 and the
     expected timeline for utilization:

                                                                                    Amount of the       Accumulated
                                                                                     Net Proceeds       amount of the      Amount of the
                                                                                   from the Listing     Net Proceeds        Net Proceeds
                                                                                    utilized during   from the Listing    from the Listing
                                                               Actual amount of     the six months       utilized as of   unutilized as of
                                                               the Net Proceeds    ended June 30,            June 30,            June 30,
                                              Percentage of     from the Listing              2026               2026                2026    Expected timeline
      Purpose                               the total amount    (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million)    (HK$ in million)   for utilization
      Continuous research and                           60%            2,107.85              71.06            2,107.85                  —    The actual Net Proceeds from the
         development of the Group’s                                                                                                             Listing have been fully utilized.
         selected product candidates
         in its strategically focused
         therapeutic areas
      Reinforcement of the Group’s                      10%              351.31                  —              351.31                  —    The actual Net Proceeds from the
         sales and marketing capabilities                                                                                                       Listing have been fully utilized.
      Investment in companies in                        10%              351.31                  —              351.31                  —    The actual Net Proceeds from the
         the pharmaceutical or                                                                                                                  Listing have been fully utilized.
         biotechnology sector
      Repayment of certain of the                       10%              351.31                  —              351.31                  —    The actual Net Proceeds from the
         Group’s outstanding bank loans                                                                                                         Listing have been fully utilized.
      Working capital and other                         10%              351.31                  —              351.31                  —    The actual Net Proceeds from the
         general corporate purposes                                                                                                             Listing have been fully utilized.

      Total                                           100%             3,513.09              71.06           3,513.09                  —

     For more details, please refer to the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds – Use of
     Proceeds” of the Prospectus and the announcements of the Company dated April 15, 2021, August 31,
     2022 and December 23, 2024 in relation to the change in use of Net Proceeds from the Listing (the
     “Announcements”).
     As of June 30, 2026, the actual Net Proceeds of HK$3,513.09 million have been fully utilized.




48   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE PLACING
To strengthen the financial position of the Group and provide working capital to the Group, the Company
completed the placing of 121,000,000 new ordinary Shares in September 2025 (the “Placing”). The net
proceeds (after deducting all applicable costs and expenses) from the Placing (the “Net Proceeds from the
Placing”) amounted to approximately HK$1,553.5 million. For details, please refer to the announcements
of the Company dated September 2, 2025 and September 10, 2025 (the “Placing Announcements”).
The following table sets out the utilization of the Net Proceeds from the Placing as of June 30, 2026 and the
expected timeline for utilization:

                                                                              Amount of the      Accumulated
                                                                               Net Proceeds     amount of the       Amount of the
                                                                            from the Placing     Net Proceeds        Net Proceeds
                                                                              utilized during from the Placing from the Placing
                                                        Actual amount of     the six months       utilized as of   unutilized as of
                                                        the Net Proceeds     ended June 30,           June 30,            June 30,
                                       Percentage of from the Placing                  2026               2026                2026    Expected timeline
 Purpose                             the total amount    (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million)    (HK$ in million)   for utilization
 R&D-related expenditures                        90%            1,398.15               85.80             146.35           1,251.80    The actual Net Proceeds from the
                                                                                                                                         Placing are expected to be fully
                                                                                                                                         utilized by 2028.
 Working capital and other general               10%              155.35                  —                  —              155.35    The actual Net Proceeds from the
    corporate purposes                                                                                                                   Placing are expected to be fully
                                                                                                                                         utilized by 2027.

 Total                                         100%              1,553.5              85.80             146.35            1,407.15

As of June 30, 2026, the accumulative Net Proceeds from the Placing utilized was approximately
HK$146.35 million and the Net Proceeds from the Placing unutilized was approximately HK$1,407.15
million. The Company intends to apply the unutilized Net Proceeds from the Placing as of June 30, 2026 in
the manner and proportion set out in the Placing Announcements.




                                                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026             49
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REVIEW REPORT


     Review report to the board of directors of
     Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited
     (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

     INTRODUCTION

     We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 51 to 92, which comprises the consolidated
     statement of financial position of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) as of June 30,
     2026 and the related consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and
     other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated
     cash flow statement for the six-month period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the
     Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim
     financial report to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting
     Standard (“HKAS”) 34 Interim financial reporting as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants (“HKICPA”). The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the interim
     financial report in accordance with HKAS 34.

     Our responsibility is to express a conclusion, based on our review, on this interim financial report and to
     report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for
     no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
     contents of this report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW

     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review
     of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity as issued by the HKICPA.
     A review of interim financial report consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
     financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is
     substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing
     and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant
     matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly we do not express an audit opinion.


     CONCLUSION

     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial
     report as at June 30, 2026 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim
     financial reporting.



     KPMG
     Certified Public Accountants

     8th Floor, Prince’s Building
     10 Chater Road
     Central, Hong Kong

     August 20, 2026



50   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                         For the six months ended June 30, 2026 — unaudited
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                    Note              2026                2025
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                    (restated)
                                                                                                     (Note 24)
 Revenue                                                              4          4,580,142          3,584,912
 Cost of sales                                                                    (765,105)           (691,062)

 Gross profit                                                                    3,815,037          2,893,850
 Other income                                                        5(a)            85,890             68,223
 Other net loss                                                      5(b)           (71,880)           (29,814)
 Research and development costs                                                   (824,922)           (633,190)
 Selling and distribution expenses                                               (1,707,916)        (1,350,545)
 Administrative and other operating expenses                                      (321,981)           (265,639)
 Provision for impairment loss on trade and other receivables                        (4,123)              (827)

 Profit from operations                                                            970,105            682,058

 Finance income                                                      6(a)           48,394              26,581
 Finance costs                                                       6(a)            (8,851)           (13,671)
 Interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities               6(a)           (40,375)           (34,865)

 Net finance costs                                                                     (832)           (21,955)

 Share of losses of associates                                                       (1,282)            (1,908)
 Share of (losses)/profits of joint ventures                                         (1,273)             1,735

 Profit before taxation                                               6            966,718            659,930
 Income tax                                                           7           (140,182)            (58,878)

 Profit for the period                                                             826,536            601,052

 Attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company                                                828,720            601,052
 Non-controlling interests                                                           (2,184)                  –

 Profit for the period                                                             826,536            601,052

 Earnings per share                                                   8
 Basic and diluted (RMB)                                                               0.32               0.25




The notes on pages 59 to 92 form part of this interim financial report. Details of dividends payable to equity
shareholders of the Company are set out in Note 20(a).

                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026   51
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026 — unaudited
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                     2026            2025
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                (restated)
                                                                                                (Note 24)
      Profit for the period                                                        826,536        601,052

      Other comprehensive income for the period (after tax adjustments)
      Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income –
        net movement in fair value reserves (non-recycling), net of tax             (9,925)         7,574


      Exchange difference on translation of company level financial
        statements                                                                 (93,412)       (20,005)

      Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
      Exchange difference on translation of financial statements of
        overseas subsidiaries                                                      (24,119)        (1,445)

      Other comprehensive income for the period                                   (127,456)       (13,876)

      Total comprehensive income for the period                                    699,080        587,176

      Attributable to:
      Equity shareholders of the Company                                           701,276        587,176
      Non-controlling interests                                                     (2,196)                –

      Total comprehensive income for the period                                    699,080        587,176




     The notes on pages 59 to 92 form part of this interim financial report.


52   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                         At June 30, 2026 — unaudited
                                                                               (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                           June 30,    December 31,
                                                                 Note         2026                2025
                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                     9       2,738,954         2,531,632
Intangible assets                                                 9       1,481,245         1,442,592
Goodwill                                                                   142,474            142,474
Interest in associates                                                      57,213              58,712
Interest in joint ventures                                                 102,509            104,188
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       14       211,863            346,025
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
  income (“FVOCI”)                                                10       285,686            297,365
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)    11      1,200,984         1,143,560
Time deposits                                                    15(c)    1,170,119           748,603
Deferred tax assets                                                        603,479            520,711

                                                                          7,994,526         7,335,862

Current assets
Inventories                                                       12       632,911            589,495
Contract assets                                                             10,810              19,565
Trade and bills receivables                                       13      2,396,674         2,838,454
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       14       250,097            222,449
Loan to a third party                                                      100,096            100,105
Tax recoverable                                                             19,002               4,744
Pledged deposits                                                 15(b)      19,675              23,340
Restricted deposits                                              15(b)        9,904             14,003
Time deposits                                                    15(c)     955,306              65,528
Cash and cash equivalents                                        15(a)    3,072,182         3,512,088

                                                                          7,466,657         7,389,771

Current liabilities
Bank loans                                                        16      1,051,058         1,052,478
Lease liabilities                                                           56,228              57,341
Trade and bills payables                                          17       239,151            249,032
Other payables and accruals                                       18      2,468,978         1,898,494
Taxation payable                                                            88,420              65,704
Provisions                                                                  22,000              22,000

                                                                          3,925,835         3,345,049

Net current assets                                                        3,540,822         4,044,722

Total assets less current liabilities                                    11,535,348        11,380,584


                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2026   53
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     At June 30, 2026 — unaudited
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                                       June 30,   December 31,
                                                                           Note           2026           2025
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000
      Non-current liabilities
      Bank loans                                                            16           6,932           7,479
      Lease liabilities                                                                 58,151          69,635
      Deferred income                                                                  513,709         472,528
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                          80,305          68,035
      Other financial liability                                             19     1,223,692         1,183,317
      Other non-current liability                                                      165,000         165,000

                                                                                   2,047,789         1,965,994



      NET ASSETS                                                                   9,487,559         9,414,590

      CAPITAL AND RESERVES                                                  20
      Share capital                                                                4,626,780         4,618,517
      Reserves                                                                     4,797,472         4,789,349

      Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of
        the Company                                                                9,424,252         9,407,866
      Non-controlling interests                                                         63,307           6,724

      TOTAL EQUITY                                                                 9,487,559         9,414,590


     Approved and authorized for issue by the board of directors on August 20, 2026.

                                                         )
     Ren Jinsheng                                        )
                                                         )
                                                         )
                                                         )     Directors
                                                         )
     Wan Yushan                                          )
                                                         )
                                                         )




     The notes on pages 59 to 92 form part of this interim financial report.


54   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                         For the six months ended June 30, 2026 — unaudited
                                                                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                 Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                          PRC                         Fair value                                     Non-
                                            Share      Other          statutory      Exchange            reserve      Retained                  controlling
                                 Note      capital    reserve          reserve         reserve (non-recycling)          profits        Total     interests    Total equity
                                         RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
Balance at January 1, 2025               3,173,805    295,180        1,206,109         116,774          101,335       2,240,674    7,133,877             –      7,133,877

Changes in equity for
   the six months ended
   June 30, 2025, as restated:
Profit for the period, as
   restated                                     –           –                 –               –                –       601,052      601,052              –        601,052
Other comprehensive income                      –           –                 –         (21,450)           7,574              –      (13,876)            –        (13,876)

Total comprehensive income                      –           –                 –         (21,450)           7,574       601,052      587,176              –        587,176
Equity settled share-based
   transactions                  20(b)          –      41,432                 –               –                –              –      41,432              –         41,432
Vesting of restricted shares     20(b)     10,564     (10,564)                –               –                –              –            –             –              –
Purchase of own shares           20(c)          –           –                 –               –                –        (74,302)     (74,302)            –        (74,302)
Appropriation of dividends       20(a)          –           –                 –               –                –       (390,746)    (390,746)            –       (390,746)

Balance at June 30, 2025,
   as restated                           3,184,369    326,048        1,206,109          95,324          108,909       2,376,678    7,297,437             –      7,297,437




                                                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2026          55
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026 — unaudited
     (Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                      Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                PRC                        Fair value                                     Non-
                                                 Share      Other          statutory       Exchange          reserve       Retained                  controlling
                                      Note      capital    reserve           reserve         reserve (non-recycling)         profits        Total     interests    Total equity
                                              RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
      Balance at June 30, 2025 and
         July 1, 2025, as restated            3,184,369    326,048         1,206,109          95,324         108,909       2,376,678    7,297,437             –      7,297,437

      Changes in equity for
         the six months ended
         December 31, 2025:
      Profit for the period                          –           –                 –               –               –        742,956      742,956              –        742,956
      Other comprehensive income                     –           –                 –         (35,733)          7,195               –      (28,538)            –        (28,538)

      Total comprehensive income                     –           –                 –         (35,733)          7,195        742,956      714,418              –        714,418
      Issue of ordinary shares by
         placing, net of issuance
         costs                                1,418,033          –                 –               –               –               –    1,418,033             –      1,418,033
      Paid-up and vesting of shares
         granted under Zaiming
         Share Incentive Scheme
         (as defined in Note 20(b))   20(b)          –      (4,496)                –               –               –               –       (4,496)        6,724          2,228
      Appropriation of reserve                       –           –           314,381               –               –        (314,381)           –             –              –
      Consideration for acquisition
         of Xianwei (Hainan)
         Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
         (“Hainan Xianwei”)            24            –     (65,661)                –               –               –               –      (65,661)            –        (65,661)
      Equity settled share-based
         transactions                 20(b)          –      48,135                 –               –               –               –      48,135              –         48,135
      Vesting of restricted shares    20(b)     16,115     (16,115)                –               –               –               –            –             –              –

      Balance at December 31, 2025            4,618,517    287,911         1,520,490          59,591         116,104       2,805,253    9,407,866         6,724      9,414,590




56   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                           For the six months ended June 30, 2026 — unaudited
                                                                                                                                         (Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                   Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                             PRC                       Fair value                                       Non-
                                              Share      Other           statutory      Exchange         reserve        Retained                  controlling
                                   Note      capital   reserve            reserve         reserve (non-recycling)         profits        Total     interests    Total equity
                                           RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
 Balance at January 1, 2026                4,618,517   287,911          1,520,490          59,591        116,104        2,805,253    9,407,866         6,724      9,414,590

 Changes in equity for
    the six months ended
    June 30, 2026:
 Profit for the period                            –           –                 –               –               –        828,720      828,720         (2,184)       826,536
 Other comprehensive income                       –           –                 –        (117,519)         (9,925)              –    (127,444)           (12)      (127,456)

 Total comprehensive income                       –           –                 –        (117,519)         (9,925)       828,720      701,276         (2,196)       699,080
 Equity settled share-based
    transactions                   20(b)          –     87,748                  –               –               –               –      87,748            256         88,004
 Disposal of financial assets at
    FVOCI                                         –           –                 –               –           9,881          (9,881)           –             –              –
 Paid-up and vesting of shares
    granted under Zaiming
    Share Incentive Scheme                        –     (39,133)                –               –               –               –      (39,133)       58,523         19,390
 Expiry of shares granted
    under Zaiming Share
    Incentive Scheme               20(b)          –      (1,269)                –               –               –          1,269             –             –              –
 Vesting of restricted shares      20(b)      8,263      (8,263)                –               –               –               –            –             –              –
 Purchase of own shares            20(c)          –           –                 –               –               –       (276,237)    (276,237)             –       (276,237)
 Appropriation of dividends        20(a)          –           –                 –               –               –       (457,268)    (457,268)             –       (457,268)

 Balance at June 30, 2026                  4,626,780   326,994          1,520,490         (57,928)       (116,060)      2,891,856    9,424,252        63,307      9,487,559




The notes on pages 59 to 92 form part of this interim financial report.

                                                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026          57
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
     For the six months ended June 30, 2026 — unaudited
     (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                        Note          2026            2025
                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                 (restated)
                                                                                                 (Note 24)
      Operating activities
      Cash generated from operations                                              1,751,447      1,077,434
      Tax paid                                                                     (146,287)      (214,603)

      Net cash generated from operating activities                                1,605,160        862,831

      Investing activities
      Payment for acquisition of financial assets at FVPL                          (175,640)       (14,351)
      Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVPL                            145,724          2,667
      Proceeds from redemption of time deposits                                     136,660        400,000
      Payment for placement of time deposits                                     (1,420,815)      (410,000)
      Payment for acquisition of intangible assets                                 (113,705)       (16,985)
      Payment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                     (252,953)      (112,766)
      Payment for acquisition of a subsidiary                                       (30,533)                –
      Other cash flows generated from investing activities                           24,955         32,327

      Net cash used in investing activities                                      (1,686,307)      (119,108)

      Financing activities
      Proceeds from new bank loans                                                1,050,111      1,050,130
      Repayment of bank loans                                                    (1,051,828)    (1,050,781)
      Payment for purchase of own shares                                           (276,237)       (74,302)
      Proceeds from other financial liability                                             –        100,000
      Other cash flows used in financing activities                                 (22,047)       (52,003)

      Net cash used in financing activities                                        (300,001)       (26,956)

      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                         (381,148)       716,767
      Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                            15(a)     3,512,088      1,962,587
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                       (58,758)        (1,780)

      Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June                              15(a)     3,072,182      2,677,574




     The notes on pages 59 to 92 form part of this interim financial report.


58   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                         NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                            (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Hong Kong on
    November 30, 2015 as a limited liability company with its registered office at Room 703, 7/F, Block
    20E, Hong Kong Science Park Phase 3, Pak Shek Kok, New Territories, Hong Kong. The Company’s
    shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on October 27,
    2020. The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (together,
    “the Group”) are principally engaged in the research and development, manufacturing and sales of
    pharmaceutical products as well as rendering commercialization service of pharmaceutical products
    that are not manufactured by the Group.


2   BASIS OF PREPARATION

    This interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the applicable disclosure
    provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
    Limited, including compliance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, Interim financial
    reporting, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). It was
    authorized for issue on August 20, 2026.

    The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies
    adopted in the 2025 annual financial statements, except for the accounting policy changes that are
    expected to be reflected in the 2026 annual financial statements. Details of any changes in accounting
    policies are set out in Note 3.

    The preparation of an interim financial report in conformity with HKAS 34 requires management to
    make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported
    amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses on a year-to-date basis. Actual results may
    differ from these estimates.

    This interim financial report contains condensed consolidated financial statements and selected
    explanatory notes. The notes include an explanation of events and transactions that are significant
    to an understanding of the changes in financial position and performance of the Group since the
    2025 annual financial statements. The condensed consolidated interim financial statements and the
    accompanying notes do not include all of the information required for a full set of financial statements
    prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards.

    The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance with Hong
    Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial information performed by
    the independent auditor of the entity, issued by the HKICPA. KPMG’s independent review report to the
    Board of Directors is included on page 50.




                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026   59
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     2    BASIS OF PREPARATION - continued

          The financial information relating to the financial year ended December 31, 2025 that is included in
          the interim financial report as comparative information does not constitute the Company’s statutory
          annual consolidated financial statements for that financial year but is derived from those financial
          statements. Further information relating to these statutory financial statements disclosed in
          accordance with section 436 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) is as follows:

          The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 to the
          Registrar of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to, the Companies
          Ordinance.

          The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s report was
          unqualified; did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of
          emphasis without qualifying its report; and did not contain a statement under section 406(2), 407(2) or
          (3) of the Companies Ordinance.


     3    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

          The HKICPA has issued a number of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first
          effective for the current accounting period. None of these developments have had a material effect on
          these financial statements. The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not
          yet effective for the current accounting period.


     4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

          (a)   Revenue

                Disaggregation of revenue by business lines is as follows:

                                                                                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2026            2025
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000
                 Sales of pharmaceutical products                                    3,893,202        3,257,304
                 Income from commercialization business
                 – Commercialisation service income                                    112,202         103,660
                 – Collaborative arrangements                                          154,934           80,492
                 License income                                                        405,007         121,987
                 Research service income                                                 9,641           21,469
                 Others                                                                  5,156                –

                                                                                     4,580,142        3,584,912


                The Group’s revenue from contracts with customers were recognized at point in time with the
                amount of RMB4,570,501,000 (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB3,563,443,000) and were
                recognized over time with the amount of RMB9,641,000 (six months ended June 30, 2025:
                RMB21,469,000).


60   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                           NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                            (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



4   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING - continued

    (b)   Information about profit or loss, assets and liabilities

          Information about reportable segments as provided to the Group’s most senior executive
          management for resource allocation and performance assessment for the period, are set out
          below.

                                                                        Six months ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                         Other
                                                             Anti-oncology pharmaceuticals
                                                                     business         business               Total
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000
           Revenue from external customers                            924,800        3,655,342           4,580,142
           Intersegment revenue                                        20,457           23,722              44,179


           Reportable segment revenue                                 945,257        3,679,064           4,624,321


           Reportable segment net (loss)/profit                      (209,435)       1,317,513           1,108,078


                                                                        Six months ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                         Other
                                                             Anti-oncology pharmaceuticals
                                                                     business         business               Total
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000
           Revenue from external customers                            874,513        2,710,399           3,584,912
           Intersegment revenue                                         6,091           31,539              37,630


           Reportable segment revenue                                 880,604        2,741,938           3,622,542


           Reportable segment net (loss)/profit                      (204,485)         914,691             710,206




                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2026   61
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING - continued

          (b)   Information about profit or loss, assets and liabilities - continued

                                                                                     As at 30 June 2026
                                                                                                Other
                                                                    Anti-oncology pharmaceuticals
                                                                         business            business          Total
                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000
                 Reportable segment assets                              3,852,150          10,010,008     13,862,158


                                                                                As at 31 December 2025
                                                                                                Other
                                                                    Anti-oncology pharmaceuticals
                                                                         business            business          Total
                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000
                 Reportable segment assets                               3,888,560          9,257,019     13,145,579


          (c)   Reconciliations of reportable segment profit or loss

                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                2026           2025
                                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                          (restated)
                                                                                                          (Note 24)
                 Profit
                 Reportable segment profit                                                1,108,078         710,206
                 Intersegment elimination                                                     (1,936)         1,257
                 Net realized and unrealized losses on financial
                   assets at FVPL                                                            (96,494)       (21,388)
                 Net realized and unrealized gain on interest in
                   associates at FVPL                                                               –         4,893
                 Interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities                       (40,375)       (34,865)
                 Share of losses of associates                                                (1,282)        (1,908)
                 Share of (losses)/profits of joint ventures                                  (1,273)         1,735

                 Consolidated profit before taxation                                        966,718         659,930




62   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                           NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                             (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



5   OTHER INCOME AND OTHER NET LOSS

    (a)   Other income

                                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026                2025
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                     (restated)
                                                                                                      (Note 24)
           Government grants                                                         77,321              61,820
           Rental income                                                              2,397                 914
           Property management income                                                   177                 194
           Consulting and technology service income                                   5,587               4,108
           Others                                                                       408               1,187

                                                                                     85,890              68,223


    (b)   Other net loss

                                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026                2025
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
           Net foreign exchange gain                                                 24,620               7,872
           Net loss on disposal of property, plant and
             equipment                                                                    (6)              (259)
           Net realized and unrealized losses on financial
             assets at FVPL                                                         (96,494)            (21,388)
           Net realized and unrealized gain on interest in
             associates at FVPL                                                            –              4,893
           Loss on litigations                                                             –            (20,932)

                                                                                    (71,880)            (29,814)




                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2026   63
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     6    PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

          Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


          (a)   Net finance costs

                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                   2026            2025
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                              (restated)
                                                                                              (Note 24)
                 Interest income from bank deposits                              (46,651)       (24,838)
                 Interest income from loan to a third party                       (1,743)        (1,743)

                 Finance income                                                  (48,394)       (26,581)

                 Interest expenses on bank loans                                   7,121         11,012
                 Interest expenses on lease liabilities                            1,730          2,659

                 Finance costs                                                     8,851         13,671

                 Interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities
                   (Note 19)                                                      40,375         34,865

                 Net finance costs                                                   832         21,955


          (b)   Other items

                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                   2026            2025
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                              (restated)
                                                                                              (Note 24)
                 Depreciation charge
                   – owned property, plant and equipment                          98,439        105,219
                   – right-of-use assets                                          38,518         38,556
                 Amortization of intangible assets                                71,656         32,149
                 Provision for write-down of inventories                          53,129         39,067




64   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                          NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                            (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



7   INCOME TAX

    (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                      2026               2025
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
           Current tax
           PRC Corporate Income Tax
           Provision for the period                                               201,883            136,305
           Under-provision/(over-provision) in respect of prior years               10,216             (8,766)

                                                                                  212,099            127,539

           Overseas corporate income tax
           Provision for the period                                                    260                298


           Deferred tax
           Origination and reversal of temporary differences                       (72,177)           (68,959)

                                                                                  140,182              58,878


          The provision for PRC Corporate Income Tax is based on the respective corporate income tax
          rates applicable to the subsidiaries located in the PRC as determined in accordance with the
          relevant income tax rules and regulations of the PRC.

          Taxation for overseas subsidiaries is similarly calculated using the estimated annual effective
          rates of taxation that are expected to be applicable in the relevant countries.


    (b)   Pillar Two income tax

          The Company is part of a multinational enterprise group which is subject to the Global Anti-Base
          Erosion Model Rules (“Pillar Two model rules”) published by the Organisation for Economic Co-
          operation and Development.

          The Group is liable to Pillar Two income taxes under the Hong Kong Inland Revenue
          (Amendment) (Minimum Tax for Multinational Enterprise Groups) Ordinance 2025 for its
          earnings in the Hong Kong SAR and certain other jurisdictions where a domestic minimum top-
          up tax has not been implemented, including the Chinese Mainland.

          The Group has applied the temporary mandatory exception from deferred tax accounting for the
          top-up tax and accounted for the tax as current tax when incurred.




                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026   65
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     8    EARNINGS PER SHARE

          (a)   Basic earnings per share

                The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary
                equity shareholders of the Company of RMB828,720,000 (six months ended June 30, 2025:
                RMB601,052,000, as restated) and the weighted average of 2,551,796,123 ordinary shares (six
                months ended June 30, 2025: 2,443,816,068 ordinary shares) in issue during the interim period.


                Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                        2026            2025
                 Issued ordinary shares at January 1                           2,595,697,618    2,486,320,618
                 Effect of purchase of own shares
                   (Note 20(c))                                                  (15,530,011)      (9,110,071)
                 Effect of vested shares under 2021 RSU Scheme
                   (Note 20(b))                                                      657,022         742,568
                 Effect of unvested shares under 2021 RSU Scheme
                   (Note 20(b))                                                  (29,028,506)     (34,137,047)

                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                   at June 30                                                  2,551,796,123    2,443,816,068


          (b)   Diluted earnings per share

                The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary
                equity shareholders of the Company of RMB828,720,000 (six months ended June 30, 2025:
                RMB601,052,000, as restated) and the weighted average of 2,557,053,323 ordinary shares (six
                months ended June 30, 2025: 2,447,249,758 shares).


                Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

                                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                        2026            2025
                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares at
                   June 30                                                     2,551,796,123    2,443,816,068
                 Effect of contingently issuable shares under
                   2021 RSU scheme (Note 20(b))                                    5,257,200       3,433,690

                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                   (diluted) at June 30                                        2,557,053,323    2,447,249,758




66   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                            NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                          (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



9   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

    (a)   Right-of-use assets

          During the six months ended June 30, 2026, additions to right-of-use assets were
          RMB54,342,000 (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB60,952,000). Apart from that, items
          of right-of-use assets with a net book value of RMB nil (six months ended June 30, 2025:
          RMB1,735,000) were disposed of during the six months ended June 30, 2026, resulting in a loss
          on disposal of RMB nil (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB282,000).

          As at June 30, 2026, leasehold land with net book value of RMB107,189,000 (2025:
          RMB108,340,000) was pledged as security for the banking facilities, which were not used at the
          reporting date.


    (b)   Acquisitions and disposals of owned assets

          During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group acquired items of property, plant and
          equipment at a cost of RMB289,968,000 (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB80,988,000).

          Apart from that, items of property, plant and equipment with a net book value of RMB31,000
          (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB394,000) were disposed of during the six months ended
          June 30, 2026, resulting in a loss on disposal of RMB6,000 (six months ended June 30, 2025:
          RMB23,000).

          During the six months ended June 30, 2026, additions to intangible assets were RMB110,309,000
          (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB396,030,000) arising from in-licensed rights and exclusive
          commercialization rights.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026   67
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     10   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                          June       December
                                                                                      30, 2026         31, 2025
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000
           Equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling)
           – Listed equity securities                                                   10,554           22,233
           – Unlisted equity security                                                  275,132         275,132

                                                                                       285,686         297,365


          The listed equity securities at FVOCI (non-recycling), represent investment in listed equity securities
          issued by listed companies incorporated in the United States. The unlisted equity security at FVOCI
          (non-recycling), represents investment in unlisted equity interest in a private entity incorporated in
          the PRC. These investments are engaged in research and development of innovative pharmaceutical
          products.

          The Group designated these investments at FVOCI (non-recycling), as the investments are held for
          strategic purposes. No dividends were received on these investments during the six months ended
          June 30, 2026 and 2025.

          The analysis on the fair value measurement of the above financial assets is disclosed in Note 23(a).




68   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                          NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



11   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                 June 30,        December
                                                                                     2026           31,2025
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
      Financial assets at FVPL
      – Listed equity securities                                                 144,766            265,068
      – Unlisted equity investments                                              361,229            373,550
      – Unlisted units in investment funds                                       694,989            504,942

                                                                               1,200,984          1,143,560


     The Group’s non-current balances of financial assets at FVPL represent listed equity securities
     issued by listed company incorporated in the United States, Australia, the Cayman Islands and the
     PRC, the unlisted equity investments in private entities incorporated in the PRC, the United States
     and the Cayman Islands and unlisted units in investment funds incorporated in the PRC, and the
     United States. These investments are primarily engaged or further invested in the healthcare and
     pharmaceutical sectors.

     The analysis on the fair value measurement of the Group’s above financial assets is disclosed in Note
     23(a).


12   INVENTORIES

                                                                                 June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                     2026               2025
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
      Raw materials                                                              387,994            307,577
      Semi-finished goods                                                          86,000             91,834
      Finished goods                                                             158,917            190,084

                                                                                 632,911            589,495


     During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group recognized a write-down of RMB53,129,000
     (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB39,067,000) against those inventories with net realizable value
     lower than carrying value. The write-down is included in cost of sales in the consolidated statement
     of profit or loss.




                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026   69
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     13   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                      June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                          2026            2025
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000
           Trade receivables                                                         2,008,007       2,493,990
           Bills receivable                                                            406,198         357,876

                                                                                     2,414,205       2,851,866
           Less: loss allowance                                                        (17,531)        (13,412)

                                                                                     2,396,674       2,838,454


          All of the trade and bills receivables are expected to be recovered within one year.

          As at June 30, 2026, bills receivable of RMB46,117,000 were pledged for issuance of bills payable
          (2025: RMB34,627,000).


          Aging analysis

          As of the end of the reporting period, the aging analysis of trade and bills receivables, based on the
          invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                      June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                          2026            2025
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000
           Within 3 months                                                           2,098,416       2,440,888
           Over 3 months but within 6 months                                           286,373         372,454
           Over 6 months but within 9 months                                            11,879          23,476
           Over 9 months but within 12 months                                                6           1,636

                                                                                     2,396,674       2,838,454


          Trade receivables are due within 30 – 90 days from the date of billing.




70   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                         NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



14   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                 June 30,     December 31,
                                                                                     2026                2025
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
      Current
      Prepayments for raw materials and expenses                                   85,207              84,353
      Value added tax recoverable                                                111,183             118,264
      Other deposits and receivables                                               76,170              42,291

                                                                                 272,560             244,908


      Less: loss allowance                                                        (22,463)            (22,459)

                                                                                 250,097             222,449

      Non-current
      Prepayments for property, plant and equipment                                52,437              37,114
      Other deposits and receivables                                                3,628               3,113
      Prepayments for exclusive commercialization rights                         155,798             155,798
      Advances for units in an investment fund                                           –           150,000

                                                                                 211,863             346,025


     All of prepayments, deposits and other receivables current balances are expected to be recovered or
     recognized as expense within one year.




                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026   71
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     15   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, TIME DEPOSITS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED
          DEPOSITS

          (a)   Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                      June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                         2026            2025
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                 Cash at bank                                                       3,072,182        3,512,088


                As of the end of the reporting period, cash and cash equivalents located in Chinese Mainland
                amounted to RMB1,693,280,000 (2025: RMB2,032,370,000). Remittance of funds out of Chinese
                Mainland is subject to relevant rules and regulations of foreign exchange control.

          (b)   Pledged deposits and restricted deposits comprise:

                                                                                      June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                         2026            2025
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                 Pledged deposits for
                 – issuance of letter of guarantee                                     19,675          23,340


                                                                                      June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                         2026            2025
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                 Restricted deposits for
                 – research and development projects                                     8,698         12,797
                 – litigations                                                           1,206          1,206

                                                                                         9,904         14,003



          (c)   Time deposits:

                                                                                      June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                         2026            2025
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                 Current portion                                                      955,306          65,528
                 Non-current portion                                                1,170,119         748,603

                                                                                    2,125,425         814,131




72   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                             NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



16   BANK LOANS

     The maturity profile for the interest-bearing bank loans of the Group at the end of each reporting
     period is as follows:

                                                                                 June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                     2026               2025
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
      Short-term bank loans                                                    1,050,380          1,051,778
      Current portion of long-term bank loans                                         678                700

      Within 1 year or on demand                                               1,051,058          1,052,478

      After 1 year but within 2 years                                                 630                650
      After 2 years but within 5 years                                              1,890              1,950
      After 5 years                                                                 4,412              4,879

                                                                                    6,932              7,479

                                                                               1,057,990          1,059,957


     As at June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the bank loans were unsecured.


17   TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

                                                                                 June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                     2026               2025
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
      Trade payables                                                             193,732            240,520
      Bills payable                                                                45,419              8,512

                                                                                 239,151            249,032


     As of the end of the reporting period, the aging analysis of trade and bills payables, based on the
     invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                 June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                     2026               2025
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
      Within 3 months                                                            175,224            190,312
      3 to 12 months                                                               57,179             55,161
      Over 12 months                                                                6,748              3,559

                                                                                 239,151            249,032


     All of the trade and bills payables are expected to be settled within one year or repayable on demand.

                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026   73
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     18   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                 June 30,     December 31,
                                                                                                      2026               2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
            Accrued expenses (Note i)                                                             504,688            335,588
            Contract liabilities (Note ii)                                                        676,309            687,056
            Payable for employee reimbursements                                                     15,998             16,091
            Payables for staff related costs                                                      388,743            380,011
            Payables for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                             162,167            131,628
            Dividends payable                                                                     457,268                    –
            Other tax payables                                                                    122,870            185,786
            Payables for research and development costs                                             49,291             81,746
            Others                                                                                  91,644             80,588

                                                                                                2,468,978          1,898,494


          Notes:

          (i)    Accrued expenses primarily comprise marketing and promotion expenses, research and development costs and
                 other expenses.

          (ii)   Contract liabilities represent customers’ advances received for goods that have not yet been transferred to the
                 customers.




74   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                           NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                               (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



19   OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITY

     On February 24, 2024 and April 21, 2025, Simcere Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Simcere
     Zaiming”), a PRC subsidiary of the Group, entered into capital contribution agreement with certain
     investors (the “Investors”), pursuant to which Simcere Zaiming issued additional 52,558,730 and
     5,418,426 shares for consideration of RMB970,000,000 and RMB100,000,000, respectively.

     In addition to voting rights and dividend rights same as other equity holders of Simcere Zaiming,
     certain special rights including repurchase rights, liquidation preference rights and anti-dilution
     rights are granted to the Investors.

     After occurrence of certain events agreed in the agreement, the Investors shall have the right to
     require the Company and/or Simcere Zaiming to repurchase their shares in Simcere Zaiming at a
     repurchase price, which is the higher of (i) the investment amount paid by the Investors, plus an
     annual compound interest of 7% calculated from the payment date of its investment amount and
     further adjusted by any dividends; and (ii) the audited consolidated net book asset value of Simcere
     Zaiming as of the end of the most recent quarter.

     Since there is an obligation for the Group to purchase its own equity instrument for cash when certain
     conditions set out in the agreement are met, it gives rise to a financial liability for the present value of
     the redemption amount. The subsequent changes of the financial liability under amortized costs are
     recognized in profit or loss directly.

     Movements of the redemption liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                   Redemption
                                                                                                      liabilities
                                                                                                      RMB’000
      At December 31, 2024 and January 1, 2025                                                       1,008,772
      Grant of redemption right upon issuance of shares                                                100,000
      Interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities                                             74,545

      At December 31, 2025 and January 1, 2026                                                       1,183,317
      Interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities                                             40,375

      At June 30, 2026                                                                               1,223,692


     On January 6, 2026, pursuant to the agreement between Simcere Zaiming and its shareholders
     including the Company and the Investors, it is agreed that (1) the repurchase rights granted to
     Investors were terminated on the day immediately before the date of submission of the listing
     application by Simcere Zaiming to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and will be reinstated
     upon occurrence of certain events in connection with the proposed initial public offering of Simcere
     Zaiming as agreed in the agreement; and (2) other special rights granted to the Investors will be
     terminated on the day immediately before completion of the initial public offering of Simcere Zaiming.




                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026   75
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     20   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS

          (a)   Dividends

                Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial
                years, declared and approved during the period:

                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                           2026             2025
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000
                  Dividends in respect of previous financial years declared and
                      approved during the interim period, RMB0.18 per share
                      (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB0.16 per share)               462,276          395,952
                  Less: Dividends attributable to unvested shares under 2021
                      RSU scheme                                                          (5,008)         (5,206)

                                                                                        457,268          390,746


                The directors did not recommend payment of interim dividends for the six months ended June
                30, 2026 and 2025.


          (b)   Equity settled share-based transactions

                (i)    2021 Restricted Stock Unit (“RSU”) scheme (“2021 RSU Scheme”) adopted by the Company

                       On May 20, 2021, the board of the Company approved the adoption of the 2021 RSU Scheme
                       and would grant up to 137,296,927 RSUs, representing 137,296,927 underlying shares to the
                       directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries (“the Participants”) under the
                       2021 RSU Scheme in aggregate.

                       On June 15, 2023, the shareholders of the Company approved the amendments of the 2021
                       RSU Scheme and would grant up to 266,404,561 RSUs, representing 266,404,561 underlying
                       shares to the Participants under the 2021 RSU Scheme in aggregate.

                       The Company allotted and issued shares to Futu Trustee Limited and Tricor Trust (Hong
                       Kong) Limited (“the Trustees”), which will be further issued to Participants upon the vest
                       of the RSUs granted under 2021 RSU Scheme. Neither the Participants nor the Trustees
                       may exercise any of the voting rights in respect of any shares held by the Trustees for the
                       purpose of the 2021 RSU Scheme.




76   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                             NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                              (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



20   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

     (b)   Equity settled share-based transactions - continued

           (i)   2021 Restricted Stock Unit (“RSU”) scheme (“2021 RSU Scheme”) adopted by the Company -
                 continued

                 The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                  Restricted shares                                                                     Price per
                  granted to            Number of                                                      restricted
                  directors and         Restricted                                                         share
                  employees:               shares    Vesting condition                                      RMB
                  – on July 16, 2021    10,838,000   Graded vest of one third per year over three             Nil
                                                       years from the date of grant and subject
                                                       to performance conditions
                  – on November 1,       8,712,000   Graded vest of one third on August 27,                   Nil
                      2021                             2022, 2023 and 2024 respectively, and
                                                       subject to performance conditions
                  – on December 23,     11,841,000   Graded vest of one third per year over three             Nil
                      2021                             years from the date of grant and subject
                                                       to performance conditions
                  – on May 11, 2022      6,810,000   Graded vest of one third of 1,500,000 RSUs               Nil
                                                       on January 17, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
                                                       respectively, one third of 5,310,000 RSUs
                                                       per year over three years from the date
                                                       of grant and both subject to performance
                                                       conditions
                  -on September 28,     14,489,000   Graded vest of half of 80,000 RSUs on May                Nil
                      2022                             11, 2023 and 2024, Graded vest of one
                                                       third of 528,000 RSUs on May 11, 2023,
                                                       2024 and 2025, respectively, Graded
                                                       vest of one third of 13,881,000 RSUs on
                                                       September 28, 2023, 2024 and 2025 and
                                                       all subject to performance conditions
                  – on November 9,       3,669,000   Cliff vest of 154,000 RSUs on November                   Nil
                      2022                             9, 2023, Graded vest of one third of
                                                       3,515,000 RSUs on November 9, 2023,
                                                       2024 and 2025, and both subject to
                                                       performance conditions
                  – on June 28, 2023     4,282,000   Cliff vest of 76,000 RSUs on June 28, 2024,              Nil
                                                       Graded vest of one third of 4,206,000
                                                       RSUs on June 28, 2024, 2025 and
                                                       2026, and both subject to performance
                                                       conditions
                  – on March 21, 2024    3,817,500   Cliff vest of 430,500 RSUs on March                      Nil
                                                       21,2025, Graded vest of half of 126,000
                                                       RSUs on March 21, 2025 and 2026,
                                                       respectively, Graded vest of one third of
                                                       3,261,000 RSUs on March 21, 2025, 2026
                                                       and 2027, and all subject to performance
                                                       conditions



                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2026   77
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     20   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

          (b)   Equity settled share-based transactions - continued

                (i)   2021 Restricted Stock Unit (“RSU”) scheme (“2021 RSU Scheme”) adopted by the Company -
                      continued

                       Restricted shares                                                                   Price per
                       granted to             Number of                                                    restricted
                       directors and          Restricted                                                       share
                       employees:                 shares    Vesting condition                                   RMB
                       – on August 22, 2024     2,955,900   Cliff vest of 2,734,100 RSUs on August 22,            Nil
                                                              2025, Graded vest of one third of 221,800
                                                              RSUs on August 22, 2025, 2026 and
                                                              2027, respectively, and all subject to
                                                              performance conditions
                       – on March 25, 2025      1,777,000   Cliff vest of 400,000 RSUs on March                   Nil
                                                              25, 2026, Graded vest of one third of
                                                              1,377,000 RSUs on March 25, 2026, 2027
                                                              and 2028, respectively, and all subject to
                                                              performance conditions
                       – on August 22, 2025      675,000    Graded vest of one third of 675,000                   Nil
                                                              RSUs on August 22, 2026, 2027 and
                                                              2028, respectively, and all subject to
                                                              performance conditions
                       – on December 1,       15,258,100    Cliff vest of 100,000 RSUs on December                Nil
                           2025                               1, 2026, Graded vest of one third of
                                                              15,158,100 RSUs on December 1, 2026,
                                                              2027 and 2028, respectively, and all
                                                              subject to performance conditions
                       – on March 26, 2026      2,169,000   Graded vest of one third of 2,169,000                 Nil
                                                              RSUs on March 26, 2027, 2028 and
                                                              2029, respectively, and all subject to
                                                              performance conditions




78   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                             NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                               (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



20   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

     (b)   Equity settled share-based transactions - continued

           (i)   2021 Restricted Stock Unit (“RSU”) scheme (“2021 RSU Scheme”) adopted by the Company -
                 continued

                 A summary of restricted shares outstanding for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and
                 2025:

                                                               June 30, 2026               June 30, 2025
                                                         Weighted                      Weighted
                                                           average Number of             average    Number of
                                                        grant-date       restricted   grant-date     restricted
                                                         fair value         shares     fair value       shares
                                                                RMB                         RMB
                  Balance at the beginning of
                    the period                                  11.43 19,556,100             5.72    9,886,840
                  Grant during the period                        9.88    2,169,000           6.94    1,777,000
                  Vested during the period                       6.14   (1,406,000)          5.80   (1,821,850)
                  Forfeited during the period                    8.70   (1,376,500)          6.36   (2,285,300)

                  Balance at the end of the period              11.84 18,942,600             5.62    7,556,690


                 The grant-date fair value of the restricted shares granted is measured at the market price
                 of the Company’s shares at the respective grant date.

                 During the six months ended June 30, 2026, RMB62,442,000 (six months ended June 30,
                 2025: RMB3,075,000) was charged to the profit or loss in respect of the 2021 RSU Scheme
                 as equity settled share-based transactions.




                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026   79
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     20   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

          (b)   Equity settled share-based transactions - continued

                (ii)   Share incentive scheme adopted by Simcere Zaiming

                       In March 2024, the board of directors and shareholders of Simcere Zaiming approved the
                       adoption of a share incentive scheme (“Zaiming Share Incentive Scheme”) to the directors,
                       supervisors, senior management and core employees (“the Zaiming Participants”) of the
                       Group, pursuant to which, the number of total shares to be granted shall be 20,319,096
                       ordinary shares of Simcere Zaiming and to be subscribed for by the Zaiming Participants
                       (either directly or through any intermediate shareholding vehicles). On December 30, 2025,
                       the number of total shares to be granted was amended to be 20,531,500 ordinary shares of
                       Simcere Zaiming.

                       The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                                               Number of    Vesting                                        Consideration
                                                  shares    condition                                          per share
                                                                                                                   RMB
                        – on March 20, 2024    17,113,000   Graded vest of one fourth per year over four            5.49
                                                              years from the date of grant and subject
                                                              to performance conditions
                        – on August 16, 2024    1,440,000   Graded vest of one fourth per year over four            5.49
                                                              years from the date of grant and subject
                                                              to performance conditions
                        – on May 6, 2025        1,770,000   Graded vest of one fourth per year over four            5.83
                                                              years from the date of grant and subject
                                                              to performance conditions
                        – on December 30,       2,351,000   Graded vest of one fourth per year over four            6.18
                            2025                              years from the date of grant and subject
                                                              to performance conditions
                        – on March 30, 2026      980,500    Graded vest of one fourth per year over four            6.18
                                                              years from the date of grant and subject
                                                              to performance conditions




80   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                            NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                                (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



20   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

     (b)   Equity settled share-based transactions - continued

           (ii)   Share incentive scheme adopted by Simcere Zaiming - continued

                  A summary of shares outstanding for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025:

                                                                 June 30, 2026                 June 30, 2025
                                                             Exercise                    Exercise
                                                                 price                         price
                                                             weighted       Number       weighted        Number
                                                              average     of shares       average       of shares
                                                                  RMB                          RMB
                   Outstanding at the beginning of
                     the period                                   5.60 20,125,750               5.49   17,199,000
                   Grant during the period                        6.18      980,500             5.83    1,770,000
                   Forfeited during the period                    5.73    (1,207,480)           5.49     (270,000)
                   Expired during the period                      5.49     (114,500)               –             –
                   Exercised during the period                    5.49    (3,531,750)              –             –

                   Outstanding at the end of the period           5.65 16,252,520               5.52   18,699,000

                   Exercisable at the end of the period                   4,167,270                     4,232,250


                  The fair value of services received in return for the shares granted is measured by
                  reference to the fair value of such equity instruments on the grant date, of which the
                  estimation is measured based on the Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions:

                                                             Risk-free            Expected              Expected
                   Grant date                             interest rate           volatility       dividend yield
                   March 20, 2024/
                     August 16, 2024/                 1.81% - 2.17%       57.69% - 64.64%                        –
                   May 6, 2025                        1.38% - 1.50%       60.65% - 64.93%                        –
                   December 30, 2025/
                     March 30, 2026                   1.28% - 1.50%       58.48% - 65.54%                        –

                  The spot price used in the Black-Scholes model was determined with reference to the fair
                  value of the underlying equity interest of Simcere Zaiming in the recent capital transaction
                  close to the grant date or based on the enterprise valuation using the market approach.

                  Share-based payment expense of RMB25,562,000 (six months ended June 30, 2025:
                  RMB38,357,000) is recognized as staff costs in the consolidated statements of profit or loss
                  for the six months ended June 30, 2026.




                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2026   81
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     20   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

          (c)   Purchase of own shares

                During the interim period, the Company repurchased its own shares on The Stock Exchange of
                Hong Kong Limited as follows:

                                                  Number
                                                of shares     Highest price    Lowest price       Aggregate
                 Month/Year                  repurchased     paid per share   paid per share            price
                                                                      HKD              HKD              HKD
                 January 2026                  10,851,000             11.90            11.20     125,824,644
                 March 2026                      1,974,000            11.33            10.94      22,032,406
                 May 2026                      14,674,000             11.91            10.36     164,613,920

                 Total                         27,499,000                                        312,470,970

                 Equivalent to RMB                                                               276,237,000

                The repurchase was governed by section 257 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The total
                amount paid on the repurchased shares of HKD312,470,970 (RMB equivalent 276,237,000) was
                paid wholly out of retained profits.


     21   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

          Capital commitments outstanding at June 30, 2026 not provided for in the interim financial report:

                                                                                     June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                         2026           2025
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000
           Contracted for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                454,957        437,697




82   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                             NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



22   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     (a)   Names and relationships of the related parties that had material transactions with the Group:

            Name of related party                                 Relationship
            Mr. Ren Jinsheng                                      Ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group
            Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological                    Controlled by the ultimate controlling
              Products Co., Ltd. (Note)                             shareholder of the Group
            BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding                   Controlled by the ultimate controlling
              Group Co., Ltd.                                       shareholder of the Group
            Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co.,                     Controlled by the ultimate controlling
               Ltd.                                                 shareholder of the Group
            Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management                    Controlled by the ultimate controlling
              Co., Ltd.                                             shareholder of the Group
            Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology                 Controlled by the ultimate controlling
              Co., Ltd.                                             shareholder of the Group
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Device Co.,                   Controlled by the ultimate controlling
              Ltd.                                                  shareholder of the Group
            Shenzhen Xianbo Biotechnology Co.,                    Controlled by the ultimate controlling
              Ltd.                                                  shareholder of the Group
            Hainan Baimai Investment Co.,                         Controlled by the ultimate controlling
              Ltd.                                                  shareholder of the Group
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics                   Controlled by a close family member of the
              Co., Ltd.                                             ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group
            Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection                    Controlled by a close family member of the
              Laboratory Co., Ltd.                                  ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group
            Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics                           Controlled by a close family member of the
              Technology Co., Ltd.                                  ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group
            Nanjing Ruichu Pharmaceutical                         Associate of the Group
              Co., Ltd.
            Nanjing Coenlis Pharmaceutical                        Associate of the Group
              Co., Ltd.
            Jiaxing Andicon Biotechnology                         Associate of the Group
              Co., Ltd.
            Jiangsu Xinhaikang Pharmaceutical                     Joint venture of the Group
              Co., Ltd.

           Note: Subsequent to the reporting period, Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd. is no longer
                 controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group, who disposed partial equity interest in this
                 entity and could exercise significant influence over it.




                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026     83
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     22   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

          (b)   Significant related party transactions:

                The Group had following transactions with related parties:

                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                   2026            2025
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                              (restated)
                                                                                              (Note 24)
                 Purchase of goods
                 Jiangsu Xinhaikang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                      11,036         23,473
                 Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.                       –                 4

                                                                                  11,036         23,477

                 Purchase of services
                 Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.            65,030         33,175
                 Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd.             335            496
                 Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co., Ltd.                                –            460
                 Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                       200            178
                 Jiangsu Simcere Medical Device Co., Ltd.                              –                 4

                                                                                  65,565         34,313

                 Rendering of services
                 Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                     1,797          1,903
                 Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                17             87
                 BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                  17             74
                 Jiangsu Simcere Medical Device Co., Ltd.                              –             14
                 Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics Technology Co., Ltd.                     28                 –
                 Shenzhen Xianbo Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                               –                 8
                 Jiaxing Andicon Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                             102          1,174
                 Nanjing Coenlis Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                             34             34
                 Nanjing Ruichu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                             168            267
                 Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd.               4                 5

                                                                                   2,167          3,566




84   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                          NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                             (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



22   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

     (b)   Significant related party transactions: - continued

                                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026                2025
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                     (restated)
                                                                                                      (Note 24)
            Sales of goods
            Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                        23                    –
            Jiangsu Xinhaikang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                    –                   6

                                                                                         23                    6

            Receiving rental, property management and
              other related services
            BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                       6,961              10,008
            Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd.                              1,448               1,060

                                                                                      8,409              11,068

            Providing rental, property management and
              other related services
            Hainan Baimai Investment Co., Ltd.                                             8                   –
            Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co.,Ltd.                               45                    –

                                                                                         53                    –



     (c)   Acquisition of equity interest in a subsidiary

           In March 2026, the Group acquired the entire equity interest of Shanghai Simcere Diagnostic
           Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Simcere Diagnostic”) from Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostics
           Technology Co., Ltd. at cash consideration of RMB30,763,200, which was fully paid in April 2026.

           In the view of the directors of the Company, the acquisition of Shanghai Simcere Diagnostic
           constitute an asset acquisition rather than a business acquisition, as Shanghai Simcere
           Diagnostic had not commenced any business operation except for the construction of plant.
           Substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired in Shanghai Simcere Diagnostic is
           concentrated in its leasehold land and construction in progress.




                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2026   85
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     22   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

          (d)   Leasing arrangements

                During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group has not entered into any new lease
                contracts with related parties to leases property used for the Group’s research and development
                activities or office purposes. As at June 30, 2026, the balance of right-of-use assets and
                lease liabilities for lease contracts with related parties amounted to RMB33,438,000 (2025:
                RMB54,582,000) and RMB34,106,000 (2025: RMB54,582,000), respectively.


     23   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

          (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value

                (i)   Fair value hierarchy

                      The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured
                      at the end of each reporting period on a recurring basis, categorized into the three-level
                      fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which
                      a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to the observability and
                      significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

                      – Level 1 valuations:       Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted
                                                  quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                                                  at the measurement date;

                      – Level 2 valuations:       Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable
                                                  inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant
                                                  unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which
                                                  market data are not available;

                      – Level 3 valuations:       Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.

                      The Group has a team headed by the finance manager performing valuations for the
                      financial instruments, including unlisted equity investments and unlisted units in
                      investment funds which are categorized into Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The team
                      reports directly to the chief financial officer. A valuation report with analysis of changes
                      in fair value measurement is prepared by the team at each interim and annual reporting
                      date, and is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer. Discussion of the valuation
                      process and results with the chief financial officer is held twice a year, to coincide with the
                      reporting dates.




86   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                            NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                               (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



23   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

     (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value - continued

           (i)   Fair value hierarchy - continued

                                                            Fair value at   Fair value measurement at June 30,
                                                           June 30, 2026           2026 categorized into
                                                               RMB’000         Level 1       Level 2       Level 3
                  Recurring fair value measurement
                  Financial assets at FVOCI
                    – Listed equity security                      10,554       10,554             –             –
                    – Unlisted equity security                   275,132            –       275,132             –
                  Financial assets at FVPL
                    – Listed equity securities                   144,766      144,766             –             –
                    – Unlisted equity investments                361,229            –       243,485      117,744
                    – Unlisted units in investment funds         694,989            –             –      694,989
                  Interest in associates                          50,341            –        50,341             –

                                                            Fair value at       Fair value measurement at
                                                           December 31,                  December 31,
                                                                    2025           2025 categorized into
                                                               RMB’000         Level 1       Level 2       Level 3
                  Recurring fair value measurement
                  Financial assets at FVOCI
                    – Listed equity securities                    22,233       22,233             –             –
                    – Unlisted equity security                   275,132            –       275,132             –
                  Financial assets at FVPL
                    – Listed equity securities                   265,068      265,068             –             –
                    – Unlisted equity investments                373,550            –       253,773      119,777
                    – Unlisted units in investment funds         504,942            –             –      504,942
                  Interest in associates                          50,558            –        50,558             –

                 During the six months ended June 30, 2026, there were no transfers between Level 1 and
                 Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers
                 between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they
                 occur.

                 During the year ended December 31, 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1
                 and Level 2. During the year ended December 31, 2025, there were transfers of amount
                 of RMB35,943,000 from Level 2 to Level 3 due to significant unobservable inputs in
                 2025. During the year ended December 31, 2025, there were transfers of amount of
                 RMB110,701,000 from Level 3 to Level 2 due to the available recently comparable
                 transaction not using significant unobservable inputs in 2025.




                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2026   87
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     23   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

          (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value - continued

                (i)    Fair value hierarchy - continued

                       Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements

                       The fair value of unlisted equity securities, certain unlisted equity investments and interest
                       in associates in Level 2 is determined by recent comparable transaction price on the
                       market. These investments were either acquired, re-invested by the Group recently or
                       newly financed on the market.


                (ii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                      Valuation techniques                   Significant unobservable inputs
                         Unlisted equity              Comparable transactions                Changing trend of medium
                              investments               adjusted approach/market                market multiples of comparable
                                                        approach (Note i)                       companies/medium market
                                                                                                multiples of comparable
                                                                                                companies
                         Unlisted units in            Net asset value                        Net asset value of underlying
                              investment funds        (Note ii)                                 investments

                       Notes:

                       (i)     The fair value of certain unlisted equity investments is determined using comparable transactions
                               adjusted approach or market approach adjusted for changing trend of medium market multiples
                               of comparable companies or medium market multiples of comparable companies. The fair value
                               measurement is positively correlated to the changing trend of medium market multiples of
                               comparable companies. As at June 30, 2026, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant,
                               an increase/decrease in change of medium market multiples of comparable companies by 5% would
                               have increased/decreased the Group’s profit for the period by RMB5,271,000 (2025: RMB5,373,000).

                       (ii)    The fair value of unlisted units in investment funds is determined referencing net asset value of
                               underlying investments. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to net asset value of
                               underlying investments. As at June 30, 2026, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant,
                               an increase/decrease in net asset value of underlying investments by 5% would have increased/
                               decreased the Group’s profit for the period by RMB30,750,000 (2025: RMB22,694,000).




88   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                            NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                              (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



23   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

     (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value - continued

           (ii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements - continued

                  The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending
                  balances for fair value measurement in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:


                                                                                    June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                        2026               2025
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000
                   Financial assets at FVPL
                   At January 1                                                     624,719            694,857
                   Net realized and unrealized losses on financial assets
                     at fair value through profit or loss                             (3,971)            (8,936)
                   Purchases                                                        204,041                    –
                   Sales and settlements                                                (604)            (2,667)
                   Exchange difference                                               (11,452)            (5,174)

                   As at June 30                                                    812,733            678,080



     (b)   Fair values of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value

           The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost
           were not materially different from their fair values as at December 31, 2025 and June 30, 2026.


24   COMPARATIVE FIGURES

     In August 2025, the Group agreed to acquire the entire equity interest of Xianwei (Hainan)
     Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Hainan Xianwei”), which is principally engaged in research and
     manufacturing of pharmaceutical products in the PRC, from Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological
     Products Co., Ltd. at a consideration of RMB65,661,200.

     Upon completion of the acquisition, Hainan Xianwei became a subsidiary of the Group. As Hainan
     Xianwei and the Group was ultimately controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng before and after the business
     combination and the control is not transitory, the acquisition of Hainan Xianwei was considered as a
     business combination involving entities under common control, and Accounting Guideline 5 (“AG5”),
     Merger Accounting for Common Control Combinations, issued by HKICPA has been applied.




                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2026   89
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     24   COMPARATIVE FIGURES - continued

          The financial performance previously reported by the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2025
          have been restated to include the operating results of the combining entities from the earliest date
          presented or since the date when combining entities first came under common control, where this is
          a shorter period, regardless of the date of the common control combination, as set out below:


          Consolidated statement of profit or loss for the six months ended June 30, 2025:

                                                                                                      Inter-
                                                                                                    company
                                                                                      Hainan     transaction
                                                                       The Group      Xianwei    elimination     The Group
                                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                   (as previously
                                                                        reported)                              (as restated)
           Revenue                                                      3,584,912           –             –       3,584,912
           Cost of sales                                                 (691,062)          –             –         (691,062)

           Gross profit                                                2,893,850            –             –       2,893,850

           Other income                                                   68,595           29          (401)         68,223
           Other net loss                                                (29,814)           –             –         (29,814)
           Research and development costs                               (632,421)      (1,170)          401        (633,190)
           Selling and distribution expenses                          (1,350,545)           –             –      (1,350,545)
           Administrative and other operating expenses                  (264,192)      (1,447)            –        (265,639)
           Provision for impairment loss on trade and other
             receivables                                                    (827)           –             –            (827)

           Profit from operations                                        684,646       (2,588)            –         682,058

           Finance income                                                 26,548          33              –          26,581
           Finance costs                                                 (13,671)          –              –         (13,671)
           Interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities         (34,865)          –              –         (34,865)

           Net finance costs                                             (21,988)         33              –         (21,955)

           Share of losses of associates                                   (1,908)          –             –           (1,908)
           Share of profits of joint ventures                               1,735           –             –            1,735

           Profit before taxation                                        662,485       (2,555)            –         659,930

           Income tax                                                    (58,878)           –             –         (58,878)

           Profit for the period                                         603,607       (2,555)            –         601,052

           Attributable to:
           Equity shareholders of the Company                            603,607       (2,555)            –         601,052
           Non-controlling interests                                           –            –             –               –

           Profit for the period                                         603,607       (2,555)            –         601,052

           Earnings per share

           – Basic and diluted (RMB)                                         0.25                                       0.25




90   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                               NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



24   COMPARATIVE FIGURES - continued

     Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the six months ended
     June 30, 2025

                                                                                                     Inter-
                                                                                                  company
                                                                                     Hainan     transaction
                                                                     The Group      Xianwei     elimination     The Group
                                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                 (as previously
                                                                     reported)                                (as restated)
      Profit for the period                                            603,607        (2,555)            –         601,052
      Other comprehensive income for the period (after tax)
      Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
      Financial assets at fair value through other
        comprehensive income – net movement in fair value
        reserves (non-recycling), net of tax                             7,574             –             –           7,574
      Exchange difference on translation of company level
        financial statements                                           (20,005)            –             –         (20,005)
      Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit
        or loss:
      Exchange difference on translation of financial
        statements of overseas subsidiaries                             (1,445)            –             –          (1,445)

      Other comprehensive income for the period                        (13,876)            –             –         (13,876)

      Total comprehensive income for the period                        589,731        (2,555)            –         587,176

      Attributable to:
        Equity shareholders of the Company                             589,731        (2,555)            –         587,176
        Non-controlling interest                                             –             –             –               –

      Total comprehensive income for the period                        589,731        (2,555)            –         587,176




                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026   91
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



     24   COMPARATIVE FIGURES - continued

          The cash flows previously reported by the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2025 have been
          restated to include the cash flows of the combining entities from the earliest date presented or since
          the date when combining entities first came under common control, where this is a shorter period,
          regardless of the date of the common control combination, as set out below:

                                                                                               Inter-
                                                                                            company
                                                                               Hainan     transaction
                                                                The Group      Xianwei    elimination     The Group
                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                             (as previously
                                                                 reported)                              (as restated)
           Net cash generated from operating activities            866,531      (3,700)            –         862,831
           Net cash used in investing activities                  (110,346)     (8,762)            –        (119,108)
           Net cash used in financing activities                   (26,956)          –             –         (26,956)

           Net increase in cash and cash equivalents               729,229     (12,462)            –         716,767


           Cash and cash equivalents as at January 1, 2025       1,943,069      19,518             –       1,962,587
           Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                  (1,780)          –             –          (1,780)

           Cash and cash equivalents as at June 30, 2025         2,670,518       7,056             –       2,677,574




92   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
