先聲藥業集團有限公司



ANNUAL REPORT
2025
CONTENTS
2     Corporate Information

4     Financial Highlights

5     Company Overview

6     Chairman’s Statement

7     Management Discussion and Analysis

40    Directors’ Report

75    Corporate Governance Report

100   Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

109   Independent Auditor’s Report

117   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

118   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

119   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

121   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

123   Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

125   Notes to the Financial Statements

242   Financial Summary
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                    NOMINATION COMMITTEE

    Mr. REN Jinsheng                       Mr. SONG Ruilin (Chairman)
      (Chairman)                           Mr. REN Jinsheng
    Mr. TANG Renhong                       Ms. WANG Xi
    Mr. WAN Yushan                         Mr. WANG Jianguo
    Ms. WANG Xi                            Mr. SUNG Ka Woon


    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS    STRATEGY COMMITTEE

    Mr. SONG Ruilin                        Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman)
    Mr. WANG Jianguo                       Mr. TANG Renhong
    Mr. WANG Xinhua                        Mr. WANG Jianguo
    Mr. SUNG Ka Woon
                                           JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                           Mr. WAN Yushan
    Mr. WANG Xinhua (Chairman)             Ms. WONG Wai Ling (resigned on March 25, 2026)
    Mr. SONG Ruilin                        Ms. MAK Po Man Cherie
    Mr. WANG Jianguo                        (appointed on March 25, 2026)


    REMUNERATION AND APPRAISAL COMMITTEE   AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

    Mr. WANG Jianguo (Chairman)            Mr. WAN Yushan
    Mr. REN Jinsheng                       Mr. TANG Renhong
    Mr. WAN Yushan
    Mr. WANG Xinhua
    Mr. SUNG Ka Woon




2   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          CORPORATE INFORMATION




PRINCIPAL BANKS                                HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

Bank of China Limited                          Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Nanjing Jiangbei New District Branch           Shops 1712-1716
Room 101, Building 2, 33 Mengze Road           17th Floor Hopewell Centre
Pukou District, Nanjing                        183 Queen’s Road East
Jiangsu, PRC                                   Wan Chai
                                               Hong Kong
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Nanjing Jiefang Road Sub-Branch
                                               REGISTERED OFFICE
No. 53, Jiefang Road
Qinhuai District, Nanjing                      Unit 703, 7/F, Building 20E
Jiangsu, PRC                                   Phase Three, Hong Kong Science Park
                                               Shatin, New Territories
AUDITOR                                        Hong Kong

KPMG
                                               HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL
Certified Public Accountants
                                                PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in
  accordance with the Accounting and           No. 699-18, Xuanwu Road
  Financial Reporting Council Ordinance        Xuanwu District, Nanjing
8/F Prince’s Building                          Jiangsu
10 Chater Road                                 PRC
Central, Hong Kong
                                               COMPANY’S WEBSITE
LEGAL ADVISER
                                               http://www.simcere.com
Tian Yuan Law Firm LLP
Suites 3304-3309                               PLACE OF LISTING AND STOCK CODE
33/F, Jardine House
                                               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
One Connaught Place
                                               2096
Central, Hong Kong




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025   3
    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


        For the year ended December 31, 2025:

        •     Revenue of the Group was RMB7,731 million, representing an increase of 16.5% as compared to
              RMB6,635 million for 2024.

        •     Revenue from the innovative pharmaceutical business 1 was RMB6,304 million, accounting for
              81.5% of the total revenue and representing an increase of 27.9% as compared to RMB4,928
              million for 2024.

        •     Revenue of the Group was mainly derived from the therapeutic areas where its businesses are
              focused. Of which, revenue from the field of neuroscience was RMB2,753 million, accounting
              for 35.6% of the total revenue and representing an increase of 26.6% as compared to RMB2,174
              million for 2024. Revenue from the field of autoimmune was RMB1,892 million, accounting for
              24.5% of the total revenue and representing an increase of 4.5% as compared to RMB1,811 million
              for 2024. Revenue from the field of anti-oncology was RMB1,987 million, accounting for 25.7% of
              the total revenue and representing an increase of 53.0% as compared to RMB1,298 million for
              2024. Revenue from other fields was RMB1,099 million, accounting for 14.2% of the total revenue
              and representing a decrease of 18.7% as compared to RMB1,352 million for 2024.

        •     Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was RMB1,344 million, representing an
              increase of RMB622 million or 86.2% as compared to RMB722 million for 2024. The adjusted profit
              attributable to equity shareholders of the Company2 amounted to RMB1,280 million, representing
              an increase of RMB273 million or 27.1% as compared to RMB1,007 million for 2024.




    1
            Includes license income.

    2
            The adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company is defined by the Group as profit attributable to
            equity shareholders of the Company adjusted for the following items: (i) net realized and unrealized gain/loss on financial
            assets at fair value through profit or loss; (ii) net realized and unrealized gain on associates at fair value through profit
            or loss; (iii) interest expenses arising from redemption liability; and (iv) income tax effect related to the above items.

    3
            All comparative information in this report has been adjusted based on the restated consolidated financial information
            as of December 31, 2024. In October 2025, the Group completed the acquisition of Xianwei (Hainan) Biotechnology Co.,
            Ltd., and the acquisition was treated as a business combination under common control of the Group in accordance with
            the consolidated accounting standards as set out in Accounting Guideline 5 “Merger Accounting for Common Control
            Combinations” issued by the HKICPA. The Group’s financial information for the year ended December 31, 2024 has been
            restated accordingly to comply with relevant accounting standards.


4   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            COMPANY OVERVIEW


The Group is an innovation and R&D-driven pharmaceutical company with capabilities in R&D, production
and professional marketing. The Group primarily focuses on the areas of neuroscience, anti-oncology,
autoimmune and anti-infection, with forward-looking layout of disease areas that have significant clinical
needs in the future, aiming to achieve the corporate mission of “born for the patients”.
Group review for 2025: The Group achieved high-quality development by insisted on focusing on the “more
effective and distinctive” strategic guidelines. The innovative pharmaceutical business accelerated its
growth and its commercialized innovative drugs increased to ten, thus its revenue hit a record high, and
the share of revenue from innovative drugs continued to grow. In the focused therapeutic areas, the Group
has established a pipeline of over 60 types of innovative drugs. The efficient clinical study and registration
teams continuously facilitated the progress of global research and development, which expedited the
commercialization of innovation. At the same time, the Group reached positive progress in terms of
international collaborations and overseas licensings of in-house pipelines, which further expanded global
layout of innovative drugs.
•    In the focused areas, the Group has 10 innovative drugs approved for marketing and sale. As of
     December 31, 2025, the Group has 14 products recommended in guidelines and pathways issued by
     over 100 government authorities or prestigious professional associations, and has over 45 products
     included in the National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”).
•    The Group pays high attention to the establishment of innovative drug research and development
     (“R&D”) capacity, and has established innovation centers in Shanghai, Nanjing, Beijing and Boston
     respectively, a collaborative innovation center in Hong Kong as well as a State Key Laboratory
     of Neurology and Oncology Drug Development. The Group’s R&D system has achieved functions
     covering the whole process of drug discovery, preclinical development, clinical trial and registration,
     and owns innovative platforms of protein engineering, PAb/T-cell engager (“TCE”), antibody-drug
     conjugate (“ADC”), AI-aided drug discovery and protein degradation, etc. As of December 31, 2025, the
     Group had a R&D team of approximately 985 employees in total with approximately 214 doctors and
     522 masters.
•    The Group attaches great importance to the protection of intellectual property rights. For the year
     ended December 31, 2025, the Group had 300 new patent applications (including domestic and
     overseas unpublished patent applications), including 298 invention patent applications. For the year
     ended December 31, 2025, the Group has accumulatively obtained 336 invention patents.
•    The Group has a nationwide marketing network and leading commercialization capacity, and
     will continuously strengthen its professional marketing capacity, so as to enhance coverage and
     access to medicines. As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s sales team had a total of approximately
     4,315 employees divided into four business units (neuroscience, anti-oncology, autoimmune
     & comprehensive and retail business) and other support departments across 31 provinces,
     municipalities and autonomous regions, covering over 3,600 Class III hospitals, approximately 17,000
     other hospitals and medical institutions as well as more than 2,400 medium-to-large-scale national
     or regional chain pharmacies in China.
•    The Group has established manufacturing infrastructures and quality management systems in
     line with international standards and has continuously improved its manufacturing capabilities of
     pharmaceuticals. The six production facilities that have been put into use all meet the requirements
     of Chinese GMP, and many of the production lines have passed the inspection of the U.S. Food and
     Drug Administration (the “FDA”) or EU GMP.
•    Driven by its in-house R&D efforts and synergistic innovation, the Group has established strategic
     cooperation partnerships with many innovative companies and research institutes, exploring multiple
     collaborative modes such as cooperative R&D and achievement transfer and continuously developing
     products that patients urgently need and have significant market potential. The Group established
     the Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) comprising dozens of world-renowned scientists in the areas
     of neuroscience, anti-oncology and autoimmune, etc., so as to bring their professional capabilities
     and experiences to provide scientific advice for early drug discovery and clinical development of
     the Group, and aim to attract global leaders of life science to explore and create unprecedented
     treatments.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




    Dear Shareholders,

    In 2025, China’s pharmaceutical industry witnessed    in the oncology field ranked among the forefront
    an accelerated pace of innovative transformation      of Chinese pharmaceutical companies, fully
    and remarkable achievement. With the continuous       demonstrating the Company’s rapidly growing R&D
    deepening of international footprints, strong         capabilities and differentiated innovative value. By
    momentum has been injected into the industry’s        expanding international R&D collaborations, the
    high-quality development. Simcere Pharmaceutical      Company is comprehensively integrating into the
    has remained committed to its founding mission of     global R&D ecosystem, achieving the normalized
    “born for the patients”, using innovative drug R&D    and systematic development of its out-licensing
    as its core driver. The Company has focused on        business.
    four key therapeutic areas, namely neuroscience,
                                                          Looking ahead to 2026, the Company will
    oncology, autoimmune diseases, and anti-
                                                          continuously build its core competitiveness in
    infectives, to continuously develop differentiated,
                                                          innovative drug R&D and commercialization. The
    high-value clinical treatment solutions.
                                                          Sanbexin® series will solidify our market leadership
    By the end of 2025, the Company had launched          in the stroke treatment sector. QUVIVIQ ® will
    a total of 10 innovative drugs. During the year,      leverage its unique mechanism to tap into the
    QUVIVIQ ®, an innovative insomnia treatment with      huge potential of the insomnia market. Following
    a novel mechanism of action, was successfully         the inclusion of our three major oncology drugs,
    launched. As it is not subject to psychotropic drug   namely COSELA ® , ENLITUO ® and ENZESHU ® , in
    regulations, it has opened up a new treatment         the National Healthcare Insurance, we expect to
    pathway for insomnia. Enzeshu ® , China’s first       see sustained sales growth (volume expansion).
    domestically developed drug covering the entire       Innovative drugs in the pipeline are expected to
    patient population with platinum-resistant ovarian    receive approvals sequentially, which will promote
    cancer, was successfully launched and included in     a virtuous cycle of increased R&D investment and
    the national healthcare insurance coverage, filling   performance output.
    a gap in clinical treatment. Continuous progress
                                                          Arduous as the journey may be, we will eventually
    in innovative drug R&D has further enhanced
                                                          reach our goal through steadfast action. On behalf
    the innovation product portfolio, ensuring the
                                                          of the Board of Directors, I would like to express
    sustainable growth of the Company’s performance.
                                                          my sincere gratitude to all our colleagues for their
    Driven by a development strategy centered on          hard work, to our partners for their full support,
    open innovation, the Company yielded fruitful         and to our shareholders for their long-term trust.
    results in external collaborations. In 2025, the      In 2026, Simcere Pharmaceutical will remain
    Company successfully completed three out-             committed to its mission of “born for the patients”.
    licensing transactions and established multiple       We will adhere to long-termism, focus on huge
    strategic partnerships with pharmaceutical            unmet clinical needs, help more patients through
    companies in Europe and the US, such as AbbVie,       technological innovation, and reward our investors
    NextCure and Ipsen. The number of out-licenses        with sustained performance growth.

6   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


INDUSTRY REVIEW

In 2025, the pharmaceutical industry of China maintained steady development driven by continuously
favourable policy and enhanced innovation capabilities. During the year, the Ministry of Commerce
released the revised Catalogue of Industries Encouraging Foreign Investment (《鼓 勵 外 商 投 資 產 業 目 錄》)
in February, adding the R&D and production of innovative drugs and high-end pharmaceutical products to
the list of encouraging sectors, further optimizing the industrial development environment. The National
Medical Products Administration of China continued to refine its review and approval system, enhancing
the priority review and conditional approval mechanisms to accelerate the process of new drug application.
In November, the National Healthcare Security Administration completed a new round of adjustments to
the National Reimbursement Drug List, incorporating multiple innovative drugs into the medical insurance
coverage scope and improving the accessibility of innovative achievements. Benefiting from policy
support and sustained increases in R&D investment, 76 innovative drugs were approved throughout 2025,
representing an increase from last year, with the proportion of domestically developed innovative drugs
continuing to rise. Building on accumulated innovation achievements, international collaborations among
Chinese innovative drug companies have further deepened. The number of licensed-out transactions
reached 157 for the year, with a total transaction value exceeding US$130 billion, representing a significant
increase from 2024, thus demonstrating the growing global recognition of China’s innovative drug assets.
Overall, driven by system optimization and the accelerated commercialization of innovation achievements,
the industry has further strengthened its innovation-driven characteristics, steadily advanced its
internationalization process, and solidified its developmental foundation.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

    The Group devotes to establishing its product portfolios with a focus on neuroscience, anti-oncology,
    autoimmune and anti-infection. For the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the date of this report,
    the Group has achieved the following key milestones and achievements:

    The Group’s innovative drugs that have entered the commercialization stage increased to ten, of which,
    two new innovative products were approved for marketing in China, which included:

    •    QUVIVIQ ® (daridorexant hydrochloride tablets) is for the treatment of adult patients with insomnia
         characterized by difficulties with sleep onset and/or sleep maintenance and QUVIVIQ® has not been
         designated as a controlled substance.

    •    ENZESHU ® (Suvemcitug for Injection) is indicated for the treatment of recurrent ovarian cancer,
         fallopian tube cancer, or primary peritoneal cancer in combination with paclitaxel, liposomal
         doxorubicin, or topotecan in adults who have received no more than one systemic therapy after
         platinum resistance.

    Two new drug applications (“NDA”) of the Group have been accepted by the National Medical Products
    Administration of China (the “NMPA”), which included:

    •    Xianlinda® (DEUNOXAVIR MARBOXIL(tablet and granule form))1, an inhibitor for influenza polymerase
         acidic (PA) protein, which can be used to treat uncomplicated influenza A and B in adults and
         adolescents and children aged 2 to 11 years old.

    •    Leruiping® (Rademikibart)2, a fully human monoclonal antibody targeting IL-4Rα, which is intended
         for the treatment of adult and adolescents’ atopic dermatitis.

    The Group achieved further expansion in the coverage of the National Reimbursement Drug List (the
    “NRDL”):

    •    ENZESHU ® (Suvemcitug Injection) was successfully included in NRDL during the first year on the
         market.

    The research and development or joint research and development pipelines of the Group gradually
    entered the critical harvest period and three new drug molecules were at phase III clinical studies, which
    included:

    •    SIM0270, a new-generation oral selective estrogen receptor degraders (“SERD”) with blood-brain
         barrier penetration characteristics, which is intended for ER+/HER2-locally advanced or metastatic
         breast cancer after treatment with a CDK4/6 inhibitor.

    •    Leruiping® (Rademikibart), a fully human monoclonal antibody targeting IL-4Rα, which is intended for
         the treatment of asthma.

    •    Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension, an oral nucleoside antiviral candidate with
         broad-spectrum activity against RNA viruses, is for the treatment of respiratory syncytial virus
         (“RSV”) infection




    1
         A product with commercial right.
    2
         As part of a strategic optimization of our overall commercialization deployment for the product, the Company voluntarily
         withdrew the NDA for Rademikibart in April 2026 and has planned to resubmit the NDA in April 2026.


8   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The Group continued to expand new indications of marketed products, which included: Endostar ®’s
malignant thoracoabdominal effusions and perioperative period of ENWEIDA ®’s non-small-cell lung
cancer (“NSCLC”), ENZESHU®’s third-line refractory metastatic colorectal cancer and COSELA®’s limited-
stage small cell lung cancer (LS-SCLC).

The Group expedited the promotion of its in-house pipelines to enter the clinical stage and various types
of products entered the critical period of POC data. As of the date of this report, the Group has added
twelve investigational new drug applications (“IND(s)”) 1, completed eight First-in-Human (“FIH”)/First-
patient-in (“FPI”)2 trials, five Last-Patient-In (“LPI”)3.

The Group continued to promote the globalization strategy where six innovative drugs have obtained IND
in the U.S. and China and are under clinical development stage, which included: Sanbexin® sublingual
tablets, SIM0500 (humanized GPRC5D/BCMA/CD3 tri-specific antibody), SIM0508 (Pol θ small molecule
inhibitor), SIM0505 (CDH6-ADC), SIM0686 (FGFR2b-ADC), SIM0609 (CDH17-ADC).

The Group has been expediting the R&D schedules of multiple innovative drugs under pivotal clinical
trials. As of the date of this report, one phase III key data achieved positive top-line data, and two phase
III data have been published in well-known academic journals:

•    On August 25, 2025, information of the anti-hypnotic drug QUVIVIQ ® (daridorexant hydrochloride
     tablets) Phase III clinical trial in China were published in the World Sleep Society’s official publication
     SLEEP. The results showed that, for the Chinese insomnia population, daridorexant hydrochloride
     achieved positive outcomes in maintaining sleep, accelerating sleep onset, and prolonging sleep
     duration, with a low incidence of morning drowsiness.

•    On January 9, 2026, Nature Cancer published the full data from the Phase III SCORES clinical
     trial study of an anti-oncology type 1 new drug Suvemcitug. The study confirmed that Suvemcitug
     combined with chemotherapy significantly extended progression-free survival (“PFS”) and overall
     survival (“OS”) in patients with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer.

•    On January 12, 2026, Zemprocitinib (JAK1) demonstrated positive top-line data in a Phase III clinical
     trial for the treatment of moderate-to-severe active rheumatoid arthritis. The study demonstrated
     statistically significant efficacy differences (P 0.0001) for Zemprocitinib compared to placebo
     across both the primary and key secondary efficacy endpoints, while exhibiting favorable safety and
     tolerability.


1
     A total of twelve INDs were approved, namely SIM0505 (advanced solid tumors, January 2025, China), SIM0686 (advanced
     solid tumors, April 2025, China; July 2025, the United States), SIM0508 (in combination with Olaparib to be used in
     advanced solid tumors, August 2025, China), SIM0692 (immune thrombocytopenia, August 2025, China), SIM0609
     (advanced solid tumors, September 2025, China and the United States), SIM0811 (acute ischemic stroke, December 2025,
     China), SIM0610 (advanced solid tumors, December 2025, China), SIM0278 (lupus nephritis, December 2025, China),
     Sanbexin sublingual tablets (ICH, March 2026, China), SIM0532 (advanced solid tumors, March 2026, China).

2
     Six studies completed FIH, namely SIM0505 (advanced solid tumors, phase I, February 2025), SIM0686 (advanced solid
     tumors, phase I, May 2025), SIM0500 (relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma, phase I, June 2025, the United States),
     SIM0505 (advanced solid tumors, phase I, October 2025, the United States), SIM0610 (advanced solid tumors, phase
     I, January 2026), SIM0811 (phase I, February 2026); two studies completed FPI, namely SIM0278 (moderate-to-severe
     atopic dermatitis, phase II, October 2025), SIM0278 (alopecia areata, phase II, February 2026, the United States).

3
     A total of five studies completed LPI, namely Xianlinda® (influenza in children, phase III, February 2025), Zemprocitinib
     (RA, phase III, March 2025), Deulorlatinib (non-small cell lung cancer, phase III), Sanbexin sublingual tablets (PSCI,
     phase II, December 2025), Leruiping® (asthma, phase III, December 2025).


                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025      9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     The Group established a global innovation ecosystem through strategic cooperation under the dual drive
     of its in-house efforts and business development (BD), and continued to expand product pipelines while
     further verifying the international competitiveness of the R&D capacity of the Group:

     •    On January 13, 2025, the Group has entered into an option to license agreement with a subsidiary of
          AbbVie Inc. (“AbbVie”), AbbVie would have the option to license SIM0500, an IND candidate, while the
          Group would retain its rights in the Greater China Region.

     •    On June 16, 2025, the Group has achieved strategic cooperation with NextCure, Inc. (“NextCure”) in
          relation to a new Antibody-Drug Conjugates (“ADC”) drug SIM0505 (CDH6-ADC), NextCure obtains
          global rights (excluding the Greater China region) to SIM0505.

     •    On December 3, 2025, the Group entered into a license agreement with Vigonvita Life Science Co., Ltd.
          (“Vigonvita”) in respect of new indications of Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Supsension.
          The Group will obtain exclusive rights to Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Supsension in
          the Greater China region for the treatment of RSV infection and human metapneumovirus (“HMPV”)
          infection.

     •    On December 19, 2025, the Group entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Ipsen
          Pharma SAS. (“Ipsen”). Ipsen would have the exclusive global rights, outside of Greater China, for
          development, manufacturing and commercialization of a LRRC15-targeting ADC, SIM0613.

     •    On January 26, 2026, the Group entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Boehringer
          Ingelheim. Boehringer Ingelheim would have the exclusive global rights, outside of Greater China, of
          SIM0709, a TL1A/IL-23p19 bispecific antibody for inflammatory bowel disease.

     The Group has made significant strides in improving its environmental, social and governance (ESG)
     standards. According to Morgan Stanley Capital International’s (MSCI) latest ESG rating results in 2025,
     the rating of the Group was A, ranking at the forefront of the pharmaceutical industry of China.


     BUSINESS PROSPECTS

     In 2026, the Group will propel the “Innovation 2.0” strategy firmly, focus on the mission of “born for the
     patients” and “more effective with differentiation” pipelines layout, proactively promote global layout and
     overseas clinical development. Against the backdrop of continuous optimization of policies, technological
     advancements and deepened international cooperation, the Group will accelerate the translation of
     innovative drugs from R&D to clinical and market launch, persistently enhance the clinical value and global
     competitiveness of our products, continuing to provide safe and effective innovative treatment solutions for
     more patients.




10   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




•    The Group will maintain continuous licensed-out progress, expand the global market coverage and
     influence of innovative drugs through stable international cooperation and licensing mechanisms,
     hence further enhancing the Group’s international competitiveness.

•    The Group will continue to increase R&D investments, strengthen innovative drug development
     capabilities and pipeline construction, drive efficient translation of key clinical-stage products and
     ensure rapid progress of innovative achievements to deliver clinical value.

•    The Group will focus on core products with significant clinical value and differentiation advantages,
     prioritize large species with high value, accelerate R&D and commercialization progresses and
     continuously optimize product portfolio structures.

•    The Group will actively embrace artificial intelligence and digital technologies, explore their
     application across R&D, marketing and management functions so as to enhance operational
     efficiency and decision-making capabilities, and at the same time accelerate the construction of
     technological accumulation and innovation capacity to support the implementation of the Group’s
     strategic initiatives.


SUMMARY OF PRODUCT PIPELINES

As of the date of this report, the Group has ten commercialized innovative drugs, over 60 product pipelines
of innovative drugs, two new drug molecules under NDA approval1, five new drug molecules at phase III
clinical study stage1 and 13 molecules entered early clinical stage. The forms of innovative drugs under
development contain monoclonal antibodies, bispecific antibodies, PAb/TCE, fusion proteins, ADC and
small molecule drugs. The extensive pipeline reserves have huge clinical and commercialization potential,
which are expected to help more patients.




1
     Including products with commercial rights, namely Xianlinda, Zemprocitinib (JAK1) and Deulorlatinib (ALK/ROS1)


                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                 Territory                           Product candidate                 Pre-clinical                   IND              Phase I      Phase II        Phase III      NDA/BLA
                                                    (Target/Mechanism)
                                                                                        Anti-Oncology

                   Global                Endostar® New indication (Angiogenesis)      Thoracoabdominal effusions (COREMAP study)

                                         Enweida (恩維達®) New indication                Advanced biliary tract cancer
      China (commercialization right)
                                         (PD-L1)

                                                                                      Non-small cell lung cancer (perioperative)


                                                                                      TMB-H


                   Global                SIM0270（SERD）                                Breast cancer

      China (commercialization right)    Denlorlatinib（ALK/ROS1）                      Non-small cell lung cancer

                   Global                SIM0237（PD-L1/IL15v bispecific antibody）     Non-muscle invasive bladder cancer


                   China                 Enzeshu® New indication (VEGF)               Third-line refractory metastatic colorectal cancer

      China (Option to license from AbbVie SIM0500
                                                                                      Multiple myeloma (China and U.S.)
        for rights outside Greater China)  （GPRC5D/BCMA/CD3 trispecific antibody）

                   China                 SIM0395（PI3K/mTOR）                           Glioblastoma                                                             （GBM AGILE study）


                   Global                SIM0508（Polθ）                                Solid tumors (China and U.S.)

      China (licensed-out to NextCure
                                         SIM0505（CDH6 ADC）                            Solid tumors (China and U.S.)
              outside of China)

                   Global                SIM0686（FGFR2b ADC）                          Solid tumors (China and U.S.)

                   Global                SIM0609（CDH17 ADC）                           Solid tumors (China and U.S.)


                   Global                SIM0610（EGFR/cMet ADC）                       Solid tumors

                   Global                SIM0532（PanRAS）                              Solid tumors

        China (licensed-out to Ipsen
                                         SIM0613（LRRC15 ADC）                          Solid tumors
             outside of China)

                   Global                SIM0689（PD-1/VEGF）                           Solid tumors


                   China                 SIM0323（CD80/IL2）                            Solid tumors


                   Global                SIM0688（B7H3/cMet ADC）                       Solid tumors

                   Global                SIM0518（ALK）                                 Solid tumors


                   Global                SIM0616（STEAP1/PSMA/CD3）                     Solid tumors

                   Global                SIM0611（EGFR/cMet ADC(NMTi)）                 Solid tumors


                                                                                         Neuroscience

                                         Sanbexin® injection New Indication
                   Global                                                             ICH
                                         (Free radicals and inflammatory cytokines)

                   Global
                                         Sanbexin® sublingual tablets                 PSCI
                                         (Free radicals and inflammatory cytokines)

                                                                                      AIS (U.S.)


                   Global                SIM0811（PLG）                                 AIS, MI, etc.

                   Global                SIM0815                                      Alzheimer's disease



                                                                                         Autoimmune

                   China                 Leruiping®（IL-4Rα）                           AD


                                                                                      Asthma


      China (commercialization right)    Zemprocitinib（JAK1）                          RA


                                                                                      AS
       China (licensed-out to Almirall                                                AD
             outside of China)           SIM0278（IL-2mu-Fc）
                                                                                      LN

                                                                                      Alopecia areata (U.S.)
            China (licensed-out to
     Boehringer Ingelheim outside of China)
                                            SIM0709（TL1A/IL23p19）                     IBD


                   Global                SIM0712（STAT6 PROTAC）                        AD, COPD, Asthma, etc



                   Global                SIM0725（CD122）                               Vitiligo, AA, etc



                   Global                SIM0708（IL-4Rα ADC）                          AD, COPD, Asthma, etc



                   Global                SIM0721                                      LN、IgAN, etc


                   Global                SIM0722                                      AD, COPD, Asthma, etc



                                                                                         Anti-infective

      China (commercialization right)    Xianlinda®（PA）                               Influenza (adult/adolescent)
                                                                                      Influenza (child)
                                                                                      Post-exposure prevention of influenza
                                                                                      type A and B (2 years old and above)

      China (commercialization right)
                                         Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide
                                                                                      Respiratory syncytial virus infection
                                         Dry Suspension （RdRp）


                                                 Development status of the Group                                              Development status of partner(s)




12   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

INNOVATIVE DRUGS AT THE COMMERCIALIZATION STAGE

During the reporting period and up to the date of this report, the Group has successfully expanded
its commercialized portfolio of innovative drugs into ten: Endostar ®, Iremod ®, Sanbexin ®, ENWEIDA ®,
COSELA®, XIANNUOXIN®, ENLITUO®, Sanbexin® sublingual tablets, QUVIVIQ® and ENZESHU®, spanning
over multiple areas, including neuroscience, anti-oncology, autoimmune and anti-infection, which have
significant market potentials and synergistic effects.


MILESTONES AND ACHIEVEMENTS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

Neuroscience Products

Sanbexin® (Edaravone and Dexborneol Concentrated Solution for Injection)

Sanbexin® is a category I innovative drug
developed by the Group with proprietary
intellectual property right used to treat acute
ischemic stroke (“AIS”). Sanbexin® was approved
for marketing in China in July 2020 and has been
included in the NRDL since December 2020 and
renewed its inclusion in the NRDL in November
2024.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, Sanbexin®
Injection, accounting for approximately 31% of the market share in stroke injection, covered approximately
410,000 patients and over 6,500 medical institutions.


Data Release

•    In May 2025, the 11th European Stroke Organisation Conference released several latest research
     findings on Edaravone Dexborneol. A recent real-world data study from Xuanwu Hospital, Capital
     Medical University, showed that in patients with large-area cerebral infarction AIS, Edaravone
     Dexborneol increased the possibility of achieving favorable functional outcomes at 90 days,
     suggesting improved functional independence with good safety in patients with large-area cerebral
     infarction AIS; another study confirmed the effectiveness of Edaravone Dexborneol in real-world
     patients with moderate-to-severe AIS, showing a higher proportion of favorable functional outcomes
     compared to untreated patients.

•    In August 2025, the full report of a forward-looking, multicenter real-world cohort study (EXPAND
     Study) from Xuanwu Hospital, Capital Medical University, was published in Neurology. The study
     demonstrated that, compared to the non-exposed group, patients treated with Edaravone Dexborneol
     had a higher proportion of favorable functional outcomes at 90 days. The EXPAND Study completed
     the full evidence chain of Edaravone Dexborneol from randomized controlled trial to real-world
     application, providing strong support for multi-target cerebral cell protection in AIS treatment.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Sanbexin® sublingual tablets (Edaravone and Dexborneol sublingual tablets)

     Sanbexin® sublingual tablets is a brain
     cytoprotective agent composed of edaravone and
     dexborneol, two active ingredients with synergistic
     anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory effects,
     which can significantly reduce brain cell injury or
     impairment caused by AIS. Such unique sublingual
     tablets formulation can quickly disintegrate once
     in contact with the saliva under the tongue and can
     be absorbed into the blood through the sublingual
     venous plexus, increasing the flexibility of stroke
     treatment. Sanbexin® sublingual tablets can form a sequential therapy combined with Sanbexin® injection,
     enabling patients to receive a complete course of treatment in and outside of the hospital.

     In December 2024, Sanbexin® sublingual tablets was approved for marketing in China, aiming at improving
     the neuro symptoms, the daily living abilities and dysfunction caused by AIS. In August 2024, Sanbexin®
     sublingual tablets was granted the “Breakthrough Therapy” designation by the FDA, which was the first
     innovative drug in the global stroke treatment sector receiving such designation and the first innovative
     drug in the Chinese neuroscience sector receiving such designation.

     Data Release

     •    In May 2025, Peking Union Medical College Hospital’s multi-center, randomized, double-blind
          and placebo-controlled TASTE-SVD study, which focuses on acute cerebral small vessel disease,
          premiered at the ‌11th European Stroke Organisation Conference (ESOC).




14   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




QUVIVIQ® (daridorexant hydrochloride tablets)

QUVIVIQ ® is a dual orexin receptor antagonist
(“DORA”). Unlike traditional sedative-hypnotic
drugs that promote sleep by sedating the brain,
QUVIVIQ® works by blocking the binding of
wake-promoting orexin neuropeptides (orexin
A and orexin B) to their receptors. As a result,
QUVIVIQ ® reduces wake drive and facilitates the
onset of sleep, decreases wake time after sleep
onset, and extends total sleep duration, without
altering sleep architecture. Clinical study results
have shown that QUVIVIQ ® has a favorable safety and tolerability profile, with no evidence of rebound
insomnia, withdrawal symptoms, or drug abuse. In addition to improving nighttime sleep in adults with
insomnia disorder, QUVIVIQ® also enhances daytime functioning. It is the only DORA insomnia medication
approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for improving daytime functioning. The Guidelines for
the Diagnosis and Treatment of Insomnia Disorders in China (2nd Edition), published in 2025, strongly
recommend QUVIVIQ® with Grade A evidence. Previously, QUVIVIQ® has been approved for marketing in 38
countries including the United States, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, as well as in the Hong
Kong SAR of China.

Registration Progress

•    In June 2025, QUVIVIQ® was approved for marketing in China. QUVIVIQ® is for the treatment of adult
     patients with insomnia characterized by difficulties with sleep onset and/or sleep maintenance and
     QUVIVIQ® has not been designated as a controlled substance.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025   15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Data Release

     •    In January 2025, the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Insomnia Disorders in the
          PRC (2nd Edition), which was edited by the Chinese Sleep Research Society and published by the
          People’s Medical Publishing House, strongly recommended Daridorexant with Grade A evidence.
          The guidelines recommended Daridorexant’s efficacy in improving nighttime sleep and daytime
          functioning in adult insomnia patients, coupled with favorable safety and requiring no dosage
          adjustment for elderly patients.

     •    In September 2025, the 18th World Sleep Congress released multiple new research results on
          Daridorexant. A Swiss post-hoc analysis of a phase II study of Daridorexant demonstrated reduced
          wake time in patients with insomnia; another post-hoc analysis of a phase III study indicated
          that Daridorexant reduced wake time at night and sleepiness in the morning, improving sleep
          in perimenopause women with insomnia. A Swiss double-blind crossover study in patients with
          insomnia with nocturia showed that Daridorexant improved sleep, daytime function and nocturia
          symptoms in patients. A German real-world observational study reported sustained improvements
          in sleep parameters and health-related quality of life in patients after one year of Daridorexant
          treatment. An Italian two-year natural follow-up study showed significant therapeutic potential of
          Daridorexant in patients with insomnia.


     Oncology Products

     Endostar® (Recombinant Human Endostatin Injection)

     Endostar ® is the first anti-angiogenic targeted
     drug in China and the first endostatin approved
     for sale worldwide. Endostar ® has been included
     in the NRDL since 2017 and is recommended as
     a first-line treatment for patients with advanced
     non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”) by a number
     of oncology clinical practice guidelines issued
     by the National Health Commission of the PRC
     (“NHC”), Chinese Medical Association ( 中 華 醫 學
     會 ) and Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (“CSCO”). Also, it has been included in the recommendations
     by various guidelines in relation to nasopharyngeal carcinoma, melanoma, esophageal carcinoma and
     osteosarcoma.


     Registration Progress

     •    In February 2026, the NDA for the treatment of thoracoabdominal effusions has been accepted by the
          NMPA.




16   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




NRDL Coverage

•    In December 2025, Endostar® was successfully transferred to the regular National Reimbursement
     Drug List (drugs not under negotiation within the agreement period).


Data Release

•    In June 2025, the 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting was held in
     Chicago. Two studies on Endostar ® were selected for this meeting, with the following titles: (1)
     Sintilimab + Nab-PP Combined with Recombinant Human Vascular Endothelial Inhibitor for Locally
     Advanced/Advanced and Recurrent Metastatic Squamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: Study
     Protocol for a Single-Arm, Multi-Centre Phase II Clinical Study; and (2) Real-world research on the
     effect and safety of gemcitabine combined with PD-1 inhibitors and recombinant human endostatin in
     refractory recurrent nasopharyngeal carcinoma.

•    In December 2025, the European Society for Medical Oncology Immuno-Oncology (ESMO-IO) 2025
     annual meeting was held in London, UK. One study on Endostar ® was selected for this conference,
     with the following title: ‌efficacy of chemotherapy in combination with recombinant human endostatin
     with or without immunotherapy in Tyrosine Kinase-inhibitor advanced non-small cell lung cancer.


ENWEIDA® (Envafolimab Injection)

ENWEIDA ® is the world’s first PD-(L)1 antibody
to be administered by subcutaneous injection
approved for marketing. Its unique method of
injection differentiates itself from other PD-
(L)1 products currently on the market, with the
differentiation advantages of short administration
time and good safety. In March 2020, the Group
entered into a tripartite cooperation agreement in
relation to ENWEIDA® with 3D (Beijing) Medicines
Inc. ( 思 路 迪（ 北 京 ）醫 藥 科 技 有 限 公 司 ) and
Jiangsu Alphamab Biopharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 康 寧 傑 瑞 生 物 製 藥 有 限 公 司 ). The above-
mentioned agreement provides the Group with the exclusive right to promote ENWEIDA® for all oncology
indications and the right of first refusal of external licensing or assignment in the Chinese mainland.


Registration Progress

•    In January 2026, the NDA for the first-line treatment of unresectable or metastatic biliary tract cancer
     was accepted by the NMPA.


Clinical Development Milestones

•    The Phase III clinical study of a new indication for ENWEIDA® in the perioperative setting of NSCLC is
     currently ongoing.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Data Release

     •    In January 2025, American Society of Clinical Oncology Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium
          (ASCO GI) was held in San Francisco, California, United States. ENWEIDA ® had two poster
          presentations selected for this conference, covering the latest applications of ENWEIDA® in gastric/
          gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma and pancreatic cancer.

     •    In May 2025, ENWEIDA ® continued to be included in two key CSCO guidelines: CSCO Clinical
          Application Guidelines for Gastric Cancer 2025 (《2025 CSCO胃 癌 臨 床 應 用 指 南》) (Level I) and CSCO
          Clinical Application Guidelines for Colorectal Cancer 2025 (《2025 CSCO 結 直 腸 癌 臨 床 應 用 指 南》)
          (Level II).

     •    In June 2025, the 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting was held in
          Chicago. ENWEIDA® had 11 researches selected for this conference, covering aspects of non-small-
          cell lung cancer, small-cell lung cancer, pancreatic cancer, biliary tract cancer, cholangiocarcinoma,
          esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, osteosarcoma and soft tissue sarcoma.

     •    In September 2025, the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) 2025 annual meeting was held
          in Berlin, Germany. Six studies on ENWEIDA® were selected for this conference, with the following
          titles: (1) Envafolimab and chidamide in combination with GEMOX as the first-line treatment for
          advanced and metastatic biliary tract cancer (B-Enefits/SCOG-B001): a single-arm, exploring and
          phase II clinical trial; (2) Envafolimab in combination with chemoradiation as neoadjuvant treatment
          for locally advanced rectal cancer: an exploring phase II study; (3) Envafolimab in combination with
          chemoradiation for locally advanced cervical cancer: a forward-looking, single-arm and phase II
          study; (4) Envafolimab in combination with chemoradiation for locally advanced nasopharyngeal
          carcinoma: a forward-looking, single-arm, phase II trial; (5) Envafolimab in combination with
          recombinant human endostatin and chemotherapy as the first-line treatment for metastatic
          pancreatic cancer: a single-arm, exploring and phase II clinical trial; (6) preliminary results of
          a randomized phase II trial evaluating Envafolimab, etoposide, and carboplatin with or without
          trilaciclib in ES-SCLC.

     COSELA® (Trilaciclib Hydrochloride for Injection)

     COSELA® is an effective, selective and
     reversiblecycl in-dependent kinases 4 and 6
     (CDK4/6) inhibitor. COSELA® is the world’s
     first-in-class comprehensive myeloprotection
     innovative drug that can de-administered prior to a
     chemotherapy. In August 2020, the Group entered
     into the exclusive license agreement with G1
     Therapeutics, Inc. to develop and commercialize
     COSELA® in the Greater China region. In February
     2021, COSELA ® was approved for marketing by
     the FDA. In July 2022, the marketing of COSELA®
     in China has obtained the conditional approval by the NMPA. In April 2023, the Group has obtained full
     rights to the sales milestones of COSELA®. In December 2023, the localization application of COSELA® has
     been approved by the NMPA and it can be produced by the production enterprises of the Group in Haikou,
     Hainan Province, which further improved its accessibility to patients with cancer in China. Currently, the
     product has been recommended by the related key guidelines of National Comprehensive Cancer Network
     Guidelines (NCCN), CSCO and other organizations. In November 2024, COSELA ® was successfully included
     in NRDL.


18   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Data Release

•    In May 2025, COSELA ® continued to be included in CSCO Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for
     Small-Cell Lung Cancer 2025 (《2025 CSCO小細胞肺癌診療指南》) (Level I).

•    In June 2025, the 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting was held in
     Chicago. COSELA® had 4 researches selected for this conference, covering aspects of non-small-cell
     lung cancer, small-cell lung cancer, etc.

•    In September 2025, the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) 2025 annual meeting was
     held in Berlin, Germany. Three studies on COSELA ® were selected for this conference, with the
     following titles: (1) myeloprotective effect of trilaciclib in adjuvant treatment for hormone receptor
     (HR) negative early breast cancer; (2) trilaciclib in combination with chemotherapy and anti-
     PD-1 antibody as neoadjuvant treatment for locally advanced triple-negative breast cancer: a
     single-arm, multicenter and phase II trial preliminary short-term efficacy and safety outcomes;
     (3) interim analysis results of a single-arm, multi-cohort and phase II clinical trial evaluating
     the myeloprotective effect of trilaciclib in adjuvant chemotherapy and first-line combination
     chemotherapy for gastric adenocarcinoma/gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma (GAC/GEJAC).


Clinical Development Milestones

•    The phase III clinical study of new indications of COSELA® LS-SCLC is under the IND review stage.


ENLITUO® (Cetuximab Beta Injection)

ENLITUO ® is a recombinant anti-epidermal growth factor
rec ep to r ( “ EGFR”) ch i meri c mon o cl o n al ant ibody f or
first-line treatment of RAS/BRAF wild-type metastatic
colorectal cancer (“mCRC”) in combination with FOLFIRI.
ENLITUO ® is prepared using a specific expression process,
effectively avoiding glycosylation modification that may
lead to hypersensitivity without black box warnings in
the instruction. In June 2024, ENLITUO ® was approved
for marketing in China by the NMPA and is the first anti-
EGFR monoclonal antibody innovative drug developed in China with independent intellectual property
rights which has been approved by the NMPA for first-line treatment of mCRC. The successful launch of
ENLITUO® will provide high quality and affordable biological targeted remedy for Chinese mCRC patients.
In November 2024, ENLITUO® was successfully included in NRDL.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Data Release

     •    In April 2025, the 2025 CSCO Guideline Meeting was held in Jinan City. ENLITUO® was included in the
          recommendations of the CSCO Guidelines for Colorectal Cancer 2025 (《2025 CSCO結直腸癌指南》)
          for patients of first-line treatment with wild-type RAS and BRAF that are potentially resectable: Left-
          sided colorectal cancer‌– Cetuximab B and FOLFIRI (Level II); Right-sided colon cancer‌- Cetuximab
          B and FOLFIRI (Level III).

     •    In May 2025, research information from the ENLITUO ® phase III registration clinical studies was
          published in Nature’s journal Signal Transduction and Targeted Therapy (impact factor 40.8). Pivotal
          clinical information: PFS - the median PFS in the ENLITUO® combination group was 13.1 months,
          which was 3.5 months longer than that in the chemotherapy-only group; OS – the median OS in the
          ENLITUO® combination group was 28.3 months, which was significantly better than the 23.1 months
          of the chemotherapy group. The study results marked a major breakthrough in the treatment
          of metastatic colorectal cancer in China and filled the gap in domestically produced anti-EGFR
          monoclonal antibodies.


     ENZESHU® (Suvemcitug for Injection)

     ENZESHU ® is a next-generation recombinant
     humanized anti-vascular endothelial growth factor
     (“VEGF”) monoclonal antibody developed by the
     Group and Pyxis Oncology, Inc., and is the first
     domestic anti-angiogenic therapy for patients with
     platinum-resistant ovarian cancer.

     By potently blocking the binding of VEGF
     to its receptor, ENZESHU® inhibits tumor
     angiogenesis, thereby achieving an anti-tumor
     effect. With a unique molecular design featuring
     a differentiated VEGF-binding epitope, ENZESHU®
     has demonstrated significantly greater inhibitory activity against the binding of VEGF to its receptor
     (VEGFR2) compared to bevacizumab, as well as stronger suppression of human vascular endothelial
     cell proliferation. Preclinical studies have shown that ENZESHU ® exhibits enhanced biological activity
     and superior tumor-inhibitory effects relative to bevacizumab at the same dosage across multiple
     tumor models. The randomized double-blind placebo controlled registrational Phase III clinical trial
     of ENZESHU ® (the SCORES study) demonstrated significant benefits in the primary endpoint and key
     secondary endpoint (OS), demonstrating statistically significant and clinically meaningful prolongations in
     PFS and OS.


     Registration Progress

     •    On June 30, 2025, ENZESHU® was approved for marketing in China. It is indicated for the treatment
          of recurrent ovarian cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or primary peritoneal cancer in combination
          with paclitaxel, liposomal doxorubicin, or topotecan in adults who have received no more than one
          systemic therapy after platinum resistance.



20   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




NRDL Coverage

•    In December 2025, ENZESHU ® was successfully included in the 2025 Version of the NRDL. The NRDL
     (2025 Version) has officially come into effect as of January 1, 2026.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    ENZESHU® initiated a Phase Ib/III clinical trial for a new indication in third-line refractory metastatic
     colorectal cancer.


Data Release

•    In September 2025, the 28th Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (CSCO) was held in Jinan City.
     One study on ENZESHU® was selected for this conference, with the following title: the randomized,
     double-blind and phase III SCORES study of Suvemcitug in combination with chemotherapy for the
     treatment of platinum-resistant recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal
     cancer: final sub-group analysis.

•    In January 2026, the full data of the study of phase III clinical trial of suvemcitug (SCORES) was
     published in Nature Cancer under the leading academic journal Nature.


Autoimmune Products

Iremod® (Iguratimod Tablets)

Iremod ® is the first Iguratimod pharmaceutical
product approved for marketing in the world.
Iremod ® has been included in the NRDL since
2017. The indication is the active rheumatoid
arthritis. Iremod® is recommended as the
primary therapy drug for the treatment of active
rheumatoid arthritis by a number of clinical
practice guidelines and pathways issued by the
NHC, Chinese Medical Association, Asia Pacific
League of Associations for Rheumatology and
Labor and Welfare of Japan. Since its launch in 2012, Iremod® has benefited millions of patients in China,
which further consolidated its leading market position in the traditional DMARDs sector.


Data Release

•    In June 2025, the 2025 European League Against Rheumatism (EULAR) Annual Meeting was held
     in Barcelona, Spain. Iremod® had one study selected for this conference, titled Efficacy and Safety
     of Tofacitinib Combined with Iguratimod in Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis with Inadequate
     Response to csDMARDS.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Anti-infection Products


     XIANNUOXIN® (Simnotrelvir Tablets/Ritonavir Tablets (co-packaged))

     XIANNUOXIN ® is the first domestic 3CL small
     molecule anti-SARS-CoV-2 innovative drug with
     independent intellectual property rights in China.
     On November 17, 2021, the Group entered into
     a technology transfer contract with Shanghai
     Institute of Materia Medica and Wuhan Institute of
     Virology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, pursuant
     to which, the Group obtained the development,
     production and commercialization rights on an
     exclusive basis of Simnotrelvir worldwide. In
     July 2024, XIANNUOXIN® has been reviewed and approved by the NMPA for conversions from conditional
     approval to regular approval, which became the first oral anti-SARS-CoV-2 innovative drug which has
     obtained regular approval in China.


     Data Release

     •    In April 2025, a study in Antimicrobial agents and chemotherapy evaluated the efficacy of Simnotrelvir
          against various Omicron variants, reaffirming its potent in vitro inhibitory activity against virus
          replication, and also effectively suppressing some of the Nirmatrelvir variants. Clinical trials have
          demonstrated that the combination of Simnotrelvir and Ritonavir has significantly shortened the relief
          of SARS-CoV-2 patients, and that patients have not developed refractory mutation.

     •    In July 2025, a real-world study confirmed that while Simnotrelvir/Ritonavir was comparable
          to Nirmatrelvir/Ritonavir in reducing the cumulative risks such as 28-day compound disease
          progression, all-cause mortality and respiratory support in hospitalized patients with SARS-
          CoV-2 infections, Simnotrelvir/Ritonavir was more advantageous in improving clinical outcomes in
          hospitalized patients with SARS-CoV-2.




22   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




DRUG CANDIDATES AT THE NDA TRIAL STAGE

MILESTONES AND ACHIEVEMENTS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

Anti-infection Products

Xianlinda® (Deunoxavir Marboxil)1

Xianlinda ® is an inhibitor for influenza polymerase acidic (PA) protein. Preclinical studies have shown
that Deunoxavir Marboxil demonstrates several benefits, including the absence of central nervous system
side effects, no effect of food intake on oral drug absorption and higher safety dose. The entire oral dose
of Deunoxavir Marboxil is merely “one tablet” and is capable of stopping influenza virus replication in
24 hours, having a prospect of bringing great convenience to a large number of patients, including child
patients.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    In January 2025, the children’s granules of Deunoxavir Marboxil phase III clinical study has completed
     the LPI.

•    In February 2025, the children’s granules of Deunoxavir Marboxil has obtained the IND Approval
     issued by the NMPA, which is intended for commencing the clinical trial for post-exposure prevention
     of influenza type A and B among population aged 2 years old and above.


Registration Progress

•    In March 2025, the NDA of Deunoxavir Marboxil Tablets has been accepted by the NMPA, which can be
     used to treat uncomplicated influenza A and B in adults and adolescents.

•    In September 2025, the NDA of Deunoxavir Marboxil Granules has been accepted by the NMPA, which
     can be used to treat uncomplicated influenza A and influenza B in 2 to 11-year-old pediatric patients.




1
     A product with commercial right


                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Autoimmune Products

     Leruiping® (Rademikibart)1

     Leruiping ® is a fully human monoclonal antibody targeting IL-4Rα, a common subunit of IL-4 receptor
     and IL-13 receptor. By binding with IL-4Rα, Rademikibart can block the functions of IL-4 and IL-13
     effectively, thereby blocking the Th2 inflammatory pathway, thus achieving the goal of treating Th2 related
     inflammatory diseases such as atopic dermatitis and asthma.

     Registration Progress

     •    In July 2025, the NDA of Leruiping® has been accepted by the NMPA, which can be used to treat of
          atopic dermatitis in adults and adolescents.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •    In December 2025, the phase III clinical study of Rademikibart in asthma completed the LPI.

     Data Release

     •    In March 2026, the Phase III clinical trial of Rademikibart for adults and adolescents with moderate-
          to-severe atopic dermatitis was selected for the Late-Breaking Abstract (LBA) session at the 84th
          American Academy of Dermatology Annual Meeting and presented as an oral presentation. The phase
          III clinical studies have shown that Rademikibart not only takes effect rapidly but also demonstrates
          more significant cumulative benefits following sustained treatment, indicating the potential for
          greater efficacy compared to similar products. In the 16th week, the response rates for EASI-
          75, EASI-90 and IGA 0/1 in the Rademikibart group reached 74.2%, 43.0% and 47.7%, respectively
          (p < 0.0001), indicating that patients achieved clear clinical benefits early in treatment; until the
          52nd week, the response rates for EASI-75, EASI-90 and IGA 0/1 had risen to 96.6%, 85.3% and
          87.1%, respectively, demonstrating a more pronounced advantage in achieving deep remission with
          continued treatment.




     1
          In April 2026, as part of a strategic optimization of our overall commercialization deployment for the product, the
          Company voluntarily withdrew the NDA for Rademikibart and has planned to resubmit the NDA in April 2026.


24   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




DRUG CANDIDATES AT PHASE III TRIAL STAGE

Anti-oncology Products

SIM0270 (SERD)

SIM0270 is a new-generation oral SERD with blood-brain barrier penetration characteristics independently
developed by the Group. SIM0270 was significantly more effective than fulvestrant a marketed
intramuscular SERD product, in an in vivo model, comparable to the leading compound in the clinical trial
phase, and reflected a brain-blood ratio significantly better than competitive compounds and showed a
much better tumor inhibition effect than fulvestrant in the orthotropic model of breast cancer brain. It is
expected to be used for the treatment of breast cancer with brain metastases.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    SIM0270 in combination with everolimus compared the treatment selected by investigators, which is
     intended for ER+/HER2-locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer after treatment with a CDK4/6
     inhibitor, where subjects in the clinical trial were randomized, open and under recruitment for phase
     III investigation.


Deulorlatinib (ALK/ROS1)1

Deulorlatinib is the latest generation of novel type 1 drug for the treatment of NSCLC driven by ALK/ROS1
positive fusion gene cooperated by the Group and Shenzhen TargetRx, Inc. (深 圳 市 塔 吉 瑞 生 物 醫 藥 有 限 公
司), pursuant to which, the Group obtained the exclusive commercialization rights of the product in Chinese
Mainland. Deulorlatinib has high blood-brain barrier permeability, and is effective for the treatment of
NSCLC with brain metastasis.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    The phase III clinical study of Deulorlatinib has completed the LPI.




1
     A product with commercial right


                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Zemprocitinib (JAK1)1

     Zemprocitinib is a highly selective JAK1 inhibitor which has completed 3 phase II clinical studies for
     patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA), ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and atopic dermatitis (AD), all of which
     have successfully met their corresponding primary and secondary endpoints. No related adverse effects
     of approved JAK1 inhibitors, such as major adverse cardiovascular events, blood clots, serious infection
     or formation of malignant tumors, were observed. In March 2022, the Group entered into a cooperation
     agreement with Lynk Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. ( 淩 科 藥 業（杭 州）有 限 公 司 ) (“Lynk Pharmaceuticals”),
     pursuant to which, the Group obtained the exclusive commercialization interest of Zemprocitinib for
     rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis indications in China and be responsible for promotion after
     regulatory approval.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •    In March 2025, the phase III clinical study of the RA indication of Zemprocitinib has completed LPI.


     Anti-infective Products

     Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension (RdRp)

     Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension is an oral nucleoside drug with broad-spectrum
     activity against RNA viruses, acting through the inhibition of viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp).
     The Phase II clinical trial in China evaluating Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension for the
     treatment of RSV infection in infants and young children aged 1–24 months (the “Clinical Study”) has been
     completed. Clinical results demonstrated that the Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension
     formulation showed favorable antiviral efficacy against RSV as well as a good safety profile. Based on
     the positive results of the Clinical Study, the Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide dry suspension has
     been granted Breakthrough Therapy drug designation by the CDE. In December 2025, the Group entered
     into a license agreement with Vigonvita Life Science Co., Ltd. (“Vigonvita”) regarding new indications
     for Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension, pursuant to which the Group will obtain the
     exclusive rights for Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension in the Greater China region for
     the indications of anti-RSV infection and anti-human metapneumovirus (HMPV) infection.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •    In February 2026, Deuterated Remdesivir Hydrobromide Dry Suspension initiated the Phase III clinical
          trial for RSV infection.

     •    In March 2026, the above clinical trial completed the FPI.




     1
          A product with commercial right.




26   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




DRUG CANDIDATES AT PHASE I/II TRIAL STAGE (SELECTED)

Anti-oncology Products

SIM0237 (PD-L1/IL15v bispecific antibody)

SIM0237 is an anti-PD-L1 monoclonal antibody fused with IL-15/IL15RXα sushi protein and
developed in-house by utilizing the Group’s protein engineering platform. It can block the PD1/PD-L1
immunosuppressive pathway via binding to PD-L1 and activate the immune system through its IL-15 part,
thus playing a synergistic role of relieving immunosuppression and boosting the immune system to exhibit
antitumor effect. Preclinical studies showed that SIM0237 is more effective than PD-L1 or IL-15 mono
treatment in mouse tumor models, suggesting a high potential for clinical development.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    Phase I/II clinical trial of SIM0237 mono treatment bladder installation for non-muscle invasive
     bladder cancer (“NMIBC”) has positive initial clinical effect data and good safety.

•    The CDE has approved the research of the usage of SIM0237 in combination with BCG in NMIBC, and
     has completed the FPI.


Data Release

•    In March 2026, the SIM0237 phase I/II clinical study data for the treatment of Bacillus Calmette-
     Guérin (“BCG”)-unresponsive high-risk NMIBC was presented at the European Association of
     Urology Annual Congress 2026 (EAU 2026). As of the data cut-off date (November 28, 2025), a total
     of 49 patients had received intravesical instillation of SIM0237 monotherapy. Among patients with
     carcinoma in situ (CIS) who had at least one post-baseline tumor assessment, 80% achieved the
     complete response (CR). Among patients with papillary-only disease, the 12-month disease-free
     survival (DFS) rate was 65.8%. Overall, the results demonstrate a promising clinical efficacy signal
     of SIM0237 in patients with BCG-unresponsive high-risk NMIBC. In terms of safety, intravesical
     administration of SIM0237 demonstrated favorable safety and tolerability, and serum sample analysis
     showed no detectable systemic exposure to the drug.


SIM0500 (humanized GPRC5D/BCMA/CD3 trispecific antibody)

SIM0500 is a humanized trispecific antibody that targets GPRC5D/BCMA/CD3, developed independently by
the Group using T-cell engager poly-specific antibody technology platform. This molecule features a low
affinity/high target-activating CD3 engaging arm and binding sites for the two tumor antigens: G-Protein-
coupled receptor C class 5 member D (GPRC5D) and B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA). SIM0500 has
shown strong T cell cytotoxicity against multiple myeloma (MM) cells by leveraging a combination of
various antitumor effects.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •    In June 2025, the phase I clinical trial of SIM0500 completed the FIH in the United States.


     Milestone of Strategic Cooperation

     •    In January 2025, the Group has entered into an option to license agreement with AbbVie, and AbbVie
          would have the option to license SIM0500, an IND candidate. The Group will receive an upfront
          payment from AbbVie, and is eligible to receive option fees and milestone payments of up to US$1.055
          billion, as well as tiered royalties on net sales outside of the Greater China territory. AbbVie is eligible
          to receive tiered royalties on net sales in the Greater China territory.

     •    In December 2025, in addition to the upfront payment USD50 million, the Group has received a further
          payment of US$40 million from AbbVie.


     SIM0395 (Paxalisib)

     SIM0395 is a BBB-penetrant inhibitor of the PI3K/mTOR pathway. A phase II clinical study showed that
     Paxalisib has shown highly encouraging signals of clinical efficacy among glioblastoma patients with
     unmethylated MGMT promoter status. Paxalisib was awarded the GBM orphan drug certification by FDA
     in 2018 and the fast track certification by FDA, the rare childhood disease and orphan drug certification
     of diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma (DIPG) in 2020. In March 2021, the Group entered into an exclusive
     licensing agreement with Kazia to introduce the development and commercialization rights of SIM0395 for
     all indications in the Greater China region.


     SIM0508 (Pol θ small molecule inhibitor)

     Pol θ is a DNA polymerase, whose mediation of MMEJ repair pathway is one of the important approaches
     for repairing DNA double strand breaks.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •    In August 2025, the IND application of SIM0508, which was in combination with Olaparib to be used in
          locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors patients, was approved by the NMPA.

     •    The dose-expansion of SIM0508 tablets mono treatment has been completed, initiating the dose-
          expansion of the combined Olaparib proposal.




28   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SIM0505 (CDH6-ADC)

CDH6, a Class II classical cadherin, is highly expressed in a variety of tumors but with very limited
expression in normal tissues. SIM0505 is a CDH6-targeting ADC molecule developed by the Group, which
consists of CDH6 monoclonal antibody specifically binding to tumor cells and the Group’s proprietary
camptothecin derivative toxin, conjugated by a linker. By combining the tumor-specific targeting antibody
with the high-efficiency killing effect of toxin molecules, SIM0505 can specifically target tumor cells
and reduce the toxic side effects compared to traditional chemotherapies. Such ADC is intended for the
treatment of malignant tumors such as ovarian and renal cancer.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    In February 2025, the phase I clinical trial of SIM0505 completed the FIH at the Fudan University
     Shanghai Cancer Center (復旦大學附屬腫瘤醫院).

•    In October 2025, the phase I clinical trial of SIM0505 completed the FIH in the United States.

•    In April 2026, SIM0505 received fast track certification granted by the FDA.


Milestone of Strategic Cooperation

•    In June 2025, a subsidiary of the Company, Hainan Simcere Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (海南
     先聲再明醫藥股份有限公司) (“Simcere Zaiming”), entered into a license agreement with NextCure:
     (i) NextCure obtains global rights (excluding the Greater China region) to SIM0505; (ii) NextCure
     is eligible to access Simcere Zaiming’s proprietary TOPO isomerase I inhibitor (“TOPOi”) payload
     for a NextCure novel target ADC in preclinical development; and (iii) Simcere Zaiming will have
     Greater China rights to the novel target ADC. The Group will receive related payments totaling up to
     USD745 million during the potential development phase, including an upfront payment, development
     and sales milestone payments, and will additionally receive tiered royalties of up to double-digit
     percentages based on net sales of the product outside Greater China.


SIM0686 (FGFR2b-ADC)

SIM0686 is an ADC drug targeting FGFR2b. Fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) is a transmembrane
tyrosine kinase receptor of fibroblast growth factor (FGF). At present, there are four known subtypes,
namely FGFR1, FGFR2, FGFR3 and FGFR4. Such ADC is intended to be developed for the treatment of
advanced malignant tumors like gastric cancer and lung cancer.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    In April 2025, the IND application for SIM0686 was approved by the NMPA, which was intended for
     commencing the clinical trial for advanced solid tumors.

•    In May 2025, the FIH for the aforementioned clinical trial was completed.

•    In July 2025, the IND for SIM0686 was approved by the FDA.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     SIM0609 (CDH17-ADC)

     SIM0609 is a new antibody-drug conjugate targeting CDH17. It comprises a humanized monoclonal
     antibody conjugated via the Group’s proprietary new water-soluble cleavable linker to a new
     Topoisomerase I (TOP-I) inhibitor independently developed by the Group. CDH17 is highly expressed in
     various cancers, including gastric cancer, colorectal cancer, pancreatic cancer, and ovarian cancer,
     demonstrating potential as a therapeutic target for advanced solid tumors, particularly gastrointestinal
     tumors.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •    In September 2025, the IND application of SIM0609 has been approved by the NMPA and FDA.

     •    In November 2025, the FIH for the aforementioned clinical trial was completed.


     SIM0610 (EGFR/cMET BsADC)

     SIM0610 is a Bispecific Antibody-Drug Conjugate that simultaneously targets epidermal growth factor
     receptor (“EGFR”) and mesenchymal-epithelial transition factor (“cMET”), and induces tumor cell
     apoptosis through intracellular release of a TOP1i. EGFR and cMET are aberrantly activated in multiple
     solid tumors, including non-small cell lung cancer, and activation of the cMET pathway is one of the
     key mechanisms underlying resistance to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs). Through dual-
     target synergistic activity, SIM0610 has the potential to enhance anti-tumor efficacy and overcome drug
     resistance. Preclinical studies have demonstrated that SIM0610 exhibits significant anti-tumor activity
     across multiple tumor models.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •    In December 2025, the IND for SIM0610 was approved by the NMPA.

     •    In January 2026, the above clinical trial completed the FIH.




30   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Autoimmune Products

SIM0278 (IL2muFc)

SIM0278 is an Fc fusion protein (IL2muFc) with an IL2 mutein of Regulatory T cells (“Treg”), developed
based on the Group’s protein engineering technology platform. By introducing the mutation, the affinity
of SIM0278 to effector T cells is reduced, while the high affinity of Treg cells is retained and then the
selectivity of Treg cells is improved. In September 2022, the Group entered into a licensing agreement with
Almirall S.A. (“Almirall”), which is an international biopharmaceutical company, where the Group grants
Almirall an exclusive rights and interests in the development and commercialization of SIM0278 outside
Greater China, and retains all rights and interests in the Greater China region.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    In October 2025, phase II clinical study of SIM0278 commenced in China, and the FPI for the study was
     completed, which is used for the treatment of moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis.

•    In February 2026, Almirall initiated a phase II clinical study of SIM0278 in the United States and has
     completed the FPI, which is for the treatment of alopecia areata.


Neuroscience Products


SIM0811 (PLG)

SIM0811 is a new-generation small-molecule plasminogen allosteric activator with a dual mechanism
of action that combines thrombolytic and anti-inflammatory effects. On the one hand, it modulates the
conformation of plasminogen (PLG) to enhance the efficiency of endogenous tissue plasminogen activator
(tPA), thereby accelerating thrombus dissolution. On the other hand, by inhibiting soluble epoxide
hydrolase, SIM0811 exerts anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects at the thrombus site, reducing
reperfusion-induced inflammation and vascular endothelial cell damage. This dual action may further
minimize bleeding risks and provide potential neuroprotective benefits. In preclinical studies, SIM0811
demonstrated superior thrombolytic efficacy and antioxidant activity compared with other investigational
molecules of the same class. While traditional thrombolytic therapies such as tPA are limited by a narrow
treatment window of approximately 4.5 hours, SIM0811 is expected to extend the therapeutic window to up
to 24 hours, potentially benefiting a broader population of patients with acute ischemic stroke.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    In December 2025, the IND application of SIM0811 has been approved by the NMPA.

•    In January 2026, the FIH for the aforementioned clinical trial was completed.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     IND PHASE/PRE-CLINICAL DRUG CANDITATES (SELECTED)

     Anti-oncology Products

     SIM0613 (LRRC15 ADC)

     SIM0613 is a new ADC that targets the leucine-rich repeat-containing 15 (LRRC15), a protein highly
     expressed on various tumor types and cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAF) but with limited expression on
     normal cells. Upon binding to the LRRC15 protein, SIM0613 is internalized where the cytotoxic payload is
     released, killing the cancer cell and therefore sparing healthy cells. SIM0613 is specifically engineered
     for deep tumor and cancer-associated fibroblast penetration, resulting in robust tumor regressions in
     multiple in vivo preclinical models.


     Milestone of Strategic Cooperation

     •    In December 2025, a subsidiary of the Company, Jiangsu Simcere Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
          ( 江 蘇 先 聲 再 明 醫 藥 有 限 公 司 ) (“Jiangsu Zaiming”), entered into an exclusive licensing agreement
          with Ipsen Pharma SAS. (“Ipsen”), where Ipsen would have the exclusive global rights, outside of
          Greater China, for development, manufacturing and commercialization of SIM0613, a LRRC15-
          targeting antibody-drug conjugate (“ADC”) developed by Jiangsu Zaiming. The Group is eligible to
          receive up to US$1,060 million comprising a US$45 million upfront payment, and development,
          regulatory and commercial milestone payments. The Group is also eligible for tiered royalties on
          sales.


     Milestone of Clinical Progress

     •    In February 2026, the IND application of SIM0613 has been submitted.




32   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SIM0532 (Pan-RAS)

SIM0532 is an oral, non-covalent pan-RAS inhibitor that first forms a non-covalent bond with the
intracellular chaperone protein Cyclophilin A (CypA), then binding to the activated form of RAS (RAS
(ON)) to form a ternary complex, thereby blocking the binding of RAS to effector molecules (such as
c-RAF). It broadly and potently inhibits both wild-type and mutant type RAS signaling pathways, thus
effectively killing RAS-dependent tumor cells. Preclinical data indicated that SIM0532 exhibits strong
cytotoxic activity in vitro against tumor cells with RAS gene mutations and KRAS wild-type amplification.
In preclinical CDX mouse models of RAS-mutated NSCLC, pancreatic adenocarcinoma and CRC, SIM0532
demonstrated superior efficacy compared to competitive products at equivalent doses. The mechanism of
action and preclinical data for SIM0532 support its potential as an effective anti-tumor drug.


Milestone of Clinical Progress

•    In March 2026, the IND application of SIM0532 has been approved by the NMPA.


Autoimmune Products

SIM0709 (TL1A/IL-23p19)

SIM0709 is a long-acting humanized bispecific antibody independently developed by the Group using
proprietary multi-specific antibody platform. By simultaneously targeting tumor necrosis factor ligand
superfamily member 15 (TL1A) and interleukin-23 (IL-23), SIM0709 blocks two core pathways involved in
the onset and progression of IBD. In both in vitro primary cell studies and in vivo animal studies, SIM0709
demonstrated superior synergistic efficacy, even outperforming the combination of the two corresponding
monotherapies.


Milestone of Strategic Cooperation

•    In January 2026, a subsidiary of the Company, Jiangsu Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲藥
     業有限公司) (“Jiangsu Simcere”), entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Boehringer
     Ingelheim: Boehringer Ingelheim would have the exclusive global rights, outside of Greater China, of
     SIM0709, a TL1A/IL-23p19 bispecific antibody for inflammatory bowel disease. The Group is eligible to
     receive an upfront payment of EUR42 million as well as success-based development, regulatory and
     sales milestones of up to EUR1,016 million. The Group is also eligible for tiered royalties on net sales
     outside Greater China.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   33
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     REVENUE

     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group recorded revenue of RMB7,731 million, representing an
     increase of 16.5% as compared to RMB6,635 million for 2024, which was mainly attributable to the increase
     in revenue from innovative drugs and license income.

     Revenue of the Group was mainly derived from the therapeutic areas where its businesses are focused.
     Of which, revenue from the field of neuroscience was RMB2,753 million, accounting for 35.6% of the total
     revenue and representing an increase of 26.6% as compared to RMB2,174 million for 2024. Revenue from
     the field of autoimmune was RMB1,892 million, accounting for 24.5% of the total revenue and representing
     an increase of 4.5% as compared to RMB1,811 million for 2024. Revenue from the field of anti-oncology
     was RMB1,987 million, accounting for 25.7% of the total revenue and representing an increase of 53.1%
     as compared to RMB1,298 million for 2024. Revenue from other fields was RMB1,099 million, accounting
     for 14.2% of the total revenue and representing a decrease of 18.7% as compared to RMB1,352 million for
     2024.


     THE EXPENDITURE ON RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES

     The increase in the expenditure on research and development activities of the Group was mainly
     attributable to the Group’s continuous investment in the research and development of innovative drugs,
     which led to the increase in research and development costs and the addition of intangible assets with in-
     licensed rights.

     •    For the year ended December 31, 2025, the total expenditure on research and development activities
          of the Group amounted to RMB2,076 million, representing an increase of 35.6% as compared to
          RMB1,530 million for 2024. The expenditure on research and development activities accounted for
          26.8% of the revenue, representing an increase of 3.7 percentage points as compared to 23.1% for
          2024.

     •    For the year ended December 31, 2025, the research and development costs amounted to RMB1,563
          million, representing an increase of 10.3% as compared to RMB1,417 million for 2024. The research
          and development costs accounted for 20.2% of the revenue, representing a decrease of 1.2
          percentage points as compared to 21.4% for 2024.

     •    For the year ended December 31, 2025, the addition of intangible assets with in-licensed rights
          amounted to RMB513 million, representing an increase of 353.3% as compared to RMB113 million
          for 2024. The addition of intangible assets with in-licensed rights accounted for 6.6% of the revenue,
          representing an increase of 4.9 percentage points as compared to 1.7% for 2024.


     PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

     The Group recorded a profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of RMB1,344 million for
     the year ended December 31, 2025, representing an increase of RMB622 million or 86.2% as compared to
     RMB722 million for 2024. The increase in profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was
     mainly due to the increase in revenue from innovative drugs, license income and net gains from the fair
     value of the investment portfolio held by the Group.


34   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




NON-HKFRS MEASURE – ADJUSTED PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE
COMPANY

To supplement the financial information presented in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards,
the Group also uses adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company as a non-HKFRS
measure. Such measure is unaudited in nature and is not required by, or presented in accordance with
HKFRS Accounting Standards. The Group defines adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of
the Company as profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company after adjusting the following
items: (i) net realized and unrealized gain/loss on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss; (ii)
net realized and unrealized gain on associates at fair value through profit or loss; (iii) interest expenses
arising from redemption liability; and (iv) income tax effect related to the above items. The Group is of the
view that the Group’s management and investors may benefit from referring to such measure in assessing
the financial performance of the Group’s core businesses by eliminating the impacts of certain non-
recurring, non-cash and/or non-operating items. However, the presentation of adjusted profit attributable
to equity shareholders of the Company may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by
other companies as it does not have a standardized meaning. The application of the non-HKFRS measure
has limitations as an analytical tool, and the Shareholders and investors should not consider it in isolation
from, or as substitute for analysis of, the results of operations or financial condition of the Group as
reported under HKFRS Accounting Standards.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the
Company amounted to RMB1,280 million, representing an increase of RMB273 million or 27.1% as
compared to RMB1,007 million for 2024. The significant increase in adjusted profit attributable to equity
shareholders of the Company is mainly attributable to the increase in gross profit as a result of the
increase in the share of revenue from the Company’s innovative drugs.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   35
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     The following table presents the Group’s adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
     and the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with HKFRS
     Accounting Standards, which is profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company:

                                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                         (restated)
      Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                                      1,344,008             722,002
      Add/(less):
      Net realized and unrealized (gains)/losses on financial assets at
           fair value through profit or loss(1)                                                        (132,191)           266,249
      Net realized and unrealized gains on associates at fair value through
           profit or loss                                                                                (4,893)                   –
      Interest expenses arising from redemption liability            (2)
                                                                                                         74,545              38,772
      Effect of corresponding income tax                                                                 (1,666)            (19,967)

      Adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                             1,279,803           1,007,056


     Notes:

     (1)     Net realized and unrealized (gains)/losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss arises from the
             remeasurement of the Group’s investments in certain private companies and investment funds, listed equity securities,
             structured deposits and wealth management products at fair value.

     (2)     Interest expenses arising from redemption liability represent the change in the carrying amount of the financial liability
             issued in connection with the capital contributions in Simcere Zaiming (as defined below).




36   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

The Group maintained a sound financial position. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the net cash
generated from operating activities was RMB2,014 million, while the net cash generated from operating
activities for the last year was RMB1,391 million. Such change was mainly due to the increase in license
income for the Group in 2025. As of December 31, 2025, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of
RMB3,512 million (as of December 31, 2024: RMB1,953 million), time deposits of RMB814 million (as of
December 31, 2024: RMB508 million). As of December 31, 2025, the Group had a balance of bank loans
of RMB1,060 million (as of December 31, 2024: RMB1,059 million), of which RMB1,052 million (as of
December 31, 2024: RMB1,051 million) would mature within one year. As of December 31, 2025, RMB1,060
million of the Group’s bank loan balances bore interest at fixed rates, and the effective interest rate range
for these loans was 0.50% to 1.05% per annum.

As of December 31, 2025, the current ratio (calculated by total current assets divided by current liabilities)
of the Group was 220.9% (as of December 31, 2024: 201.3%), while the gearing ratio (calculated by total
liabilities divided by total assets) was 36.1% (as at December 31, 2024: 38.5%).

Currently, the Group follows a set of funding and treasury policies to manage its capital resources and
prevent risks involved. The Group expects to fund the working capital and other capital requirements from
a combination of various sources, including but not limited to external financing at reasonable market
rates. In order to better control and minimize the cost of funds, the treasury management activities of the
Group are managed on a centralized basis.

The assets and liabilities of the Group were denominated in RMB, USD, GBP and HKD. During the
Reporting Period, the Group did not employ financial derivatives or enter into foreign derivative contracts
to hedge against foreign exchange risk. However, the Group manages the foreign exchange risks by
closely monitoring the net exposure of foreign exchange risk to minimize the impact of foreign exchange
fluctuations.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   37
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     PLEDGE OF GROUP’S ASSETS

     As at December 31, 2025, the Group pledged bills receivable of RMB35 million for issuance of bank
     acceptance bills and pledged bank deposits of RMB23 million for issuance of letter of guarantee. As
     at December 31, 2025, land use rights with net book value of RMB108 million was pledged as security
     for banking facilities, which were not used as of the date of this report. Save as disclosed above, as at
     December 31, 2025, none of the Group’s assets were pledged.


     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     As of December 31, 2025, a subsidiary of the Group had an outstanding contract dispute with a third party,
     which made an indemnity claim of approximately RMB25 million against the Group. The result of this
     dispute was yet to be finalised. Based on the legal advice and available evidences, the directors consider it
     unlikely that the outcome will be unfavorable to them. No provision has therefore been made in respect of
     this dispute.

     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, the Group did not have contingent liabilities.


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

     During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any significant investments.


     FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

     Save as disclosed in the paragraph numbered “9. Use of Proceeds from the Listing” under the section
     headed “Other Information” in this report, as at December 31, 2025, the Group did not have any other future
     plans for material investments and capital assets.


     MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

     On August 26, 2025, Hainan Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (海南先聲藥業有限公司) (“Hainan Simcere”,
     an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into a transfer agreement with Beijing
     Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd. (北京先聲祥瑞生物製品股份有限公司) (“Beijing Sanroad”),
     pursuant to which, Hainan Simcere has agreed to acquire, and Beijing Sanroad has agreed to sell (i) the
     entire assets of Sanroad Shanghai, a branch of Beijing Sanroad established on May 22, 2025, for a cash
     consideration of RMB17,522,600; and (ii) the entire equity interest in Xianwei (Hainan) Biotechnology
     Co., Ltd. ( 先 為（ 海 南 ）生 物 科 技 有 限 公 司 ) (“Xianwei”) for a cash consideration of RMB65,661,200 (the
     “Acquisitions”). The aggregated consideration under the transfer agreement is RMB83,183,800. The
     Acquisitions were completed on October 28, 2025. Upon completion of the Acquisitions, Xianwei has
     become an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the financial results of Xianwei
     have been consolidated into the financial statements of the Group. For details, please refer to the
     announcements of the Company dated August 26, 2025 and September 18, 2025.

     Save as disclosed above, the Group had no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates and
     joint ventures for the year ended December 31, 2025.




38   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at December 31, 2025, the Group had a total of 7,038 full-time employees. The Group attached great
importance to the recruitment, training and retention of outstanding employees, maintained a high
standard in selecting and recruiting talents worldwide, and offered competitive compensation packages.
The remuneration of employees mainly included basic salary, performance-based bonus and long-
term incentives. Remuneration of the full-time Directors and senior management of the Company shall
be determined by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board with reference to the
principal duties of relevant managerial positions, the results of performance assessment, as well as
the remuneration level in the market. For the year ended December 31, 2025, staff costs of the Group
(including emoluments, social insurance and other benefits of the Directors) amounted to RMB2,336
million. The Group established Simcere Institute, providing employees with training on a regular basis,
including orientation programs and technical training for new employees, professional and management
training for middle and senior management, and health and safety training across all staff. In addition, the
Group has also adopted a restricted share unit scheme on May 20, 2021 (the “2021 RSU Scheme”), with
an aim to (1) incentivise the existing and incoming directors, senior management and employees for their
contribution to the Group; and (2) attract, motivate and retain skilled and experienced personnel to strive
for the future development and expansion of the Group by providing them with the opportunity to own equity
interests in the Company.

During the Reporting Period, the Board (1) resolved on March 25, 2025 to grant an aggregate of 1,777,000
restricted share units (“RSU(s)”), representing 1,777,000 underlying Shares, to an aggregate of 45 eligible
participants under the 2021 RSU Scheme at nil consideration; (2) resolved on August 22, 2025 to grant
an aggregate of 675,000 RSUs, representing 675,000 underlying Shares, to an aggregate of 6 eligible
participants under the 2021 RSU Scheme at nil consideration; (3) resolved on December 1, 2025 to grant an
aggregate of 15,408,100 RSUs, representing 15,408,100 underlying Shares, to an aggregate of 97 eligible
participants under the 2021 RSU Scheme at nil consideration. For details of those grants, please refer
to the announcements of the Company dated March 25, 2025, August 22, 2025 and December 1, 2025.
The number of Shares available for grant under the scheme mandate limit of the 2021 RSU Scheme was
242,312,421 as of December 31, 2025.


DEFINED CONTRIBUTION RETIREMENT PLAN

The Group operates only defined contribution pension plans. Employees of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries
are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement plan administered and operated by the local
municipal government. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries contribute funds, which are calculated on certain
percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal government, to the plan to
fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

No forfeited contribution (by the Group on behalf of its employees who leave the scheme prior to vesting
fully in such contributions) is available to be utilized by the Group to reduce the contributions payable in the
future years or to reduce the Group’s existing level of contributions to the defined contribution retirement
plan.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025   39
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”, and each a “Director”) of the Company is pleased to
     submit this report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December
     31, 2025 (the “Reporting Period”).


     GENERAL INFORMATION

     The Company was incorporated in Hong Kong on November 30, 2015. The shares of the Company (the
     “Share(s)”) were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on October 27, 2020.


     PRINCIPAL BUSINESS

     The Company is an investment holding company. The Group primarily engages in the R&D, production and
     commercialization of pharmaceuticals. The Group has a diversified product portfolio in its strategically-
     focused therapeutic areas, including (i) neuroscience, (ii) anti-oncology, (iii) autoimmune and (iv) anti-
     infection, with leading positions in their respective therapeutic segments and/or established track record.

     Operating segment information of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 is presented in Note
     4 to the consolidated financial statements, and a list of principal subsidiaries of the Company, together
     with the details of their places of incorporation and business, principal activities and issued and paid-in
     capital, is set out in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. There are no changes in the principal
     business of the Group during the year.


     RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

     The operating results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 and the financial positions of the
     Group and the Company as of the same date are set out on pages 117 to 120 of the consolidated financial
     statements and pages 238 to 239 of the company-level statement of financial position.

     On March 25, 2026, the Board declared the payment of final dividend of RMB0.18 per Share for the year
     ended December 31, 2025 to shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholder(s)”) whose names are on
     the register of members of the Company on Wednesday, June 24, 2026. Based on the total number of
     shares of the Company (the “Share(s)”) in issue as of the date of this report, the total final dividend to be
     paid by the Company amounts to approximately RMB467,225,571.24. For details, please refer to Note 36
     to the consolidated financial statements. The proposed final dividend will be subject to the approval by the
     Shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company (the “AGM”) to be held on Friday, June 12,
     2026 and is expected to be distributed to Shareholders on or before Monday, July 13, 2026.


     DIVIDEND POLICY

     For the details of the dividend policy of the Company, please refer to the “Corporate Governance Report –
     Dividend Policy” on page 93 of this annual report.




40   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT




BUSINESS REVIEW

A fair review of the business of the Group including an indication of likely future developments of the
Group’s business and an analysis of the Group’s performance using financial key performance indicators
during the year ended December 31, 2025 are provided in the sections headed “Financial Highlights”,
“Company Overview”, “Chairman’s Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 4, 5,
6 and 7 of this annual report, which form part of this report.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY

According to the audited consolidated financial statements, a summary of results, assets and liabilities of
the Group for the past five fiscal years is presented on page 242 of this annual report. This summary does
not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.


SUBSIDIARIES

Simnogen Biotech Ltd. (南京先合津生物科技有限公司) (“Simnogen Biotech”), a limited liability company
established and operated in the PRC, is held as to 51% by the Group, the financial statements of which,
however, are not consolidated into that of the Group as the Group does not control its board of directors.
Therefore, Simnogen Biotech is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the Companies Ordinance
(Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

Jiangsu Xinhaikang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (江蘇新海康製藥有限公司) (“Xinhaikang”), a limited liability
company established and operated in the PRC, is held as to 70% by the Group, the financial statements
of which, however, are not consolidated into that of the Group as the Group does not control Xinhaikang.
Therefore, Xinhaikang is a subsidiary of the Company by virtue of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of
the Laws of Hong Kong).

In addition, Simcere Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲再明醫藥股份有限公司) (“Simcere Zaiming”),
a joint stock company with limited liability established and operated in the PRC and held as to 83.1% by
the Group, submitted a listing application form (Form A1) to the Stock Exchange to apply for the listing of,
and permission to deal in its H Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on January 9, 2026. Upon
completion of such proposed listing, the Company is expected to have an interest of over 50% in Simcere
Zaiming, and Simcere Zaiming will remain as a subsidiary of the Company and the financial statements of
which will continue to be consolidated into that of the Group.

Save as disclosed herein, particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 15 to the
consolidated financial statements.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of changes in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in Note 12
to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   41
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     SHARE CAPITAL

     The Company had 2,595,697,618 ordinary Shares in issue as of December 31, 2025. Details of the
     movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in Note
     36 to the consolidated financial statements.


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING

     The net proceeds from the initial public offering of the Shares in October 2020 and allotment and issuance
     of the Shares pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option in November 2020 (the “Net
     Proceeds from the Listing”), amounted to approximately HK$3,513.09 million in aggregate. The proposed
     use of the Net Proceeds from the Listing was disclosed in the prospectus of the Company dated October 13,
     2020 (the “Prospectus”).

     The following table sets out the utilization of the Net Proceeds from the Listing as of December 31, 2025
     and the expected timeline for utilization:

                                                                              Accumulated
                                                                                 amount of      Accumulated
                                                                                    the Net        amount of          Amount of
                                                                             Proceeds from           the Net             the Net
                                                                   Actual        the Listing   Proceeds from     Proceeds from
                                                                amount of    utilized during      the Listing        the Listing
                                                                  the Net    the year ended     utilized as of   unutilized as of
                                             Percentage     Proceeds from    December 31,      December 31,       December 31,
                                             of the total      the Listing             2025             2025                2025
      Purpose                                   amount (HK$ in million) (HK$ in million) (HK$ in million) (HK$ in million)          Expected timeline for utilization
      Continuous research and                       60%          2,107.85            317.61          2,036.79              71.06    The actual Net Proceeds from the
        development of the Group’s                                                                                                    Listing are expected to be fully
        selected product candidates in its                                                                                            utilized by 2027.
        strategically focused therapeutic
        areas
      Reinforcement of the Group’s sales            10%            351.31                 –            351.31                  –    The actual Net Proceeds from the
        and marketing capabilities                                                                                                    Listing have been fully utilized.
      Investment in companies in                    10%            351.31                 –            351.31                  –    The actual Net Proceeds from the
        the pharmaceutical or                                                                                                         Listing have been fully utilized.
        biotechnology sector
      Repayment of certain of the Group’s           10%            351.31                 –            351.31                  –    The actual Net Proceeds from the
        outstanding bank loans                                                                                                        Listing have been fully utilized.
      Working capital and other general             10%            351.31                 –            351.31                  –    The actual Net Proceeds from the
        corporate purposes                                                                                                            Listing have been fully utilized.

      Total                                        100%          3,513.09            317.61         3,442.03               71.06




42   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT




For more details, please refer to the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds – Use of
Proceeds” of the Prospectus and the announcements of the Company dated April 15, 2021, August 31,
2022 and December 23, 2024 in relation to the change in use of Net Proceeds from the Listing (the
“Announcements”).

As of December 31, 2025, the Net Proceeds from the Listing utilized was approximately HK$3,442.03
million and the Net Proceeds from the Listing unutilized was approximately HK$71.06 million. The
Company intends to apply the unutilized Net Proceeds from the Listing as of December 31, 2025 in the
manner and proportion set out in the Prospectus and the Announcements.

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE PLACING

During the Reporting Period, to strengthen the financial position of the Group and provide working capital
to the Group, the Company completed the placing of 121,000,000 new ordinary Shares (the “Placing
Shares”) with no nominal value under the general mandate in September 2025 (the “Placing”).

The Placing Shares were placed to more than six placees, all of whom are renowned professional or
institutional investors and who and whose respective ultimate beneficial owners are independent third
parties not connected with the Company and its connected persons. The placing price was HK$12.95 per
Share. The market price of the Shares as quoted on the Stock Exchange on September 2, 2025, being the
date on which the terms of the Placing were fixed, was HK$13.01 per Share. The net price to the Company
per Placing Share was approximately HK$12.84. The gross proceeds and net proceeds (after deducting
all applicable costs and expenses) from the Placing (the “Net Proceeds from the Placing”) amounted
to approximately HK$1,567.0 million and HK$1,553.5 million, respectively. The proposed use of the Net
Proceeds from the Placing was disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated September 2, 2025
and September 10, 2025 (the “Placing Announcements”).

The following table sets out the utilization of the Net Proceeds from the Placing as of December 31, 2025
and the expected timeline for utilization:

                                                                      Accumulated
                                                                         amount of    Accumulated
                                                                            the Net       amount of        Amount of
                                                                    Proceeds from            the Net          the Net
                                                         Actual         the Placing Proceeds from Proceeds from
                                                     amount of      utilized during     the Placing      the Placing
                                                        the Net     the year ended     utilized as of unutilized as of
                                     Percentage Proceeds from        December 31, December 31, December 31,
                                     of the total   the Placing                2025             2025             2025
 Purpose                                 amount (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million) (HK$ in million) (HK$ in million)    Expected timeline for utilization
 R&D-related expenditures                  90%          1,398.15             60.55             60.55          1,337.60   The actual Net Proceeds from the
                                                                                                                           Placing are expected to be fully
                                                                                                                           utilized by 2028.
 Working capital and other general         10%            155.35                –                 –             155.35   The actual Net Proceeds from the
  corporate purposes                                                                                                       Placing are expected to be fully
                                                                                                                           utilized by 2027.

 Total                                    100%           1,553.5            60.55             60.55           1,492.95



                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025       43
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     As of December 31, 2025, the Net Proceeds from the Placing utilized was approximately HK$60.55 million
     and the Net Proceeds from the Placing unutilized was approximately HK$1,492.95 million. The Company
     intends to apply the unutilized Net Proceeds from the Placing as of December 31, 2025 in the manner
     and proportion set out in the Placing Announcements. For more details, please refer to the Placing
     Announcements.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

     The Directors have been granted (i) a general mandate by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting
     of the Company held on June 14, 2024 (the “2023 AGM”) to repurchase up to 260,976,161 Shares on The
     Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), representing 10% of the total number of
     issued Shares as of the date of the 2023 AGM; and (ii) a general mandate by the Shareholders at the annual
     general meeting of the Company held on June 13, 2025 (the “2024 AGM”) to repurchase up to 247,469,761
     Shares on the Stock Exchange, representing 10% of the total number of issued Shares as of the date of
     the 2024 AGM (the “Repurchase Mandates”). During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a
     total of 11,623,000 Shares (the “Repurchased Shares”) on the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Repurchase
     Mandates at a total consideration (excluding expenses) of HK$80,369,080 (the “Share Repurchase”), which
     was funded by internal resources of the Company. As of the date of this report, all the Repurchased Shares
     during the Reporting Period were cancelled. Details of the Shares repurchased by the Company during the
     Reporting Period are as follows:

                                                                                                          Total
                                                           The highest         The lowest         consideration
                                     Total number       purchase price      purchase price           (excluding
      Month of Share                     of Shares          per Share           per Share             expense)
      Repurchase                     repurchased                (HK$)               (HK$)                (HK$)
      January 2025                          8,336,000             6.93                 6.34          55,107,010
      April 2025                            3,287,000             7.97                 7.30          25,262,070

      Total                             11,623,000                                                  80,369,080


     The Share Repurchase was governed by section 257 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The total
     amount paid on the Repurchased Shares of HK$80,369,080 was paid wholly out of retained profits of the
     Company.

     The Board believes that the Share Repurchase demonstrates the Company’s confidence in its own
     business outlook and prospects and would, ultimately, benefit the Company and create value for the
     Shareholders. In addition, the Board believes that the current financial resources of the Company enable it
     to implement the Share Repurchase while maintaining a solid financial position.

     Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had
     purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares).
     The Company did not hold any treasury shares during the Reporting Period and as of December 31, 2025.




44   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DEBENTURE ISSUED

The Group did not issue any debenture during the year ended December 31, 2025.


RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and Note 36 to the consolidated financial statements,
respectively.


RESERVES AVAILABLE FOR DISTRIBUTION

The Company’s reserves available for distribution to the Shareholders as at December 31, 2025 amounted
to RMB186,093,000 (2024: RMB3,575,000).


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The Company’s customers primarily consist of (i) distributors and pharmacy chains which directly
purchase pharmaceutical products from the Company; (ii) other pharmaceutical manufacturers to which
the Company provides promotion services; and (iii) biotechnology company which the Company provides
research services. The Company’s suppliers primarily include (i) suppliers for the raw materials of the
Group’s pharmaceutical products; and (ii) manufacturers of third-party pharmaceutical products.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue from the five largest customers of the Group accounted
for 15.0% of its total revenue, and revenue from the largest customer of the Group accounted for 4.1% of
its total revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue from the five largest customer groups
(a group of entities which are known to be under common control with these customers) of the Group
accounted for 61.7% of its total revenue, and revenue from the largest customer group of the Group
accounted for 24.6% of its total revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2025, purchase amount from the
five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for 42.7% of its total purchase costs, and purchase amount
from the largest supplier of the Group accounted for 17.8% of its total purchase costs.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, none of the Directors, their respective close associates or any
Shareholder (who, to the knowledge of the Directors, owned more than 5% of the issued Shares of the
Company), had any interest in any of the Group’s top five customers and suppliers.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   45
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     KEY RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS

     Human resources are one of the most important assets of the Group. The Group strives to motivate its
     employees by providing them with a clear career path as well as comprehensive and professional training
     courses. In addition, the Group also offers competitive remuneration packages to its employees, including
     basic salary, certain benefits and other performance-based incentives.

     The Group purchases imported pharmaceutical products from overseas suppliers directly and generate
     revenue by on-selling them to hospitals and pharmacies through distributors. The Group’s suppliers have
     granted it the rights to market, promote and manage sales channels for their products in China. The Group
     maintains a stable and long-term relationship with its suppliers by providing them access to the growing
     Chinese market with steady sales growth.

     The Group sells pharmaceutical products to distributors, who resell the products to hospitals and
     pharmacies either directly or indirectly through their sub-distributors. The Group maintains stable and
     long-term relationship with its distributors by providing them with guidance and training.


     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     The Group recognizes the importance of proper adoption of environmental policies which is essential
     to the attainability of corporate growth. The strategy committee of the Company is responsible for (i)
     making suggestions for the development of the Company’s environmental, social and governance (“ESG”)
     objectives and monitoring the progress of their implementation; and (ii) reviewing the development trends
     of the ESG industry as well as evaluating and making suggestions for major ESG-related decisions,
     ensuring the Company complies with relevant legal and regulatory requirements, and promoting
     implementation of relevant policies by various departments of the Company.

     The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations related to environmental protection in the place of
     operation, regularly monitors air pollutants, water pollution, harmful and harmless wastes and noise, and
     disposes them in accordance with the laws. In order to improve the performance of energy conservation
     and emission reduction and the level of environmental management, the Group continues to improve the
     environmental management system and include indicators of energy conservation and environmental
     protection into the annual assessment through the formulation of performance assessment measures for
     energy conservation and environmental protection management, so as to promote a long-term working
     mechanism for energy conservation and environmental protection. The Group also carries out online
     publicity activities of environmental protection to fully integrate the concept of energy conservation and
     emission reduction into daily office.

     The detailed information regarding the Group’s performance on environmental and social-related policies
     and the compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group will be
     disclosed in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” separately published by the Company.




46   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the
relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group.
During the Reporting Period, there was no material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and
regulations by the Group.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

Save as disclosed in Note 40 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, the Group has
identified the following principal risks and uncertainties, which may have a material and adverse impact on
the Group’s business performance, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. There may be
other principal risks and uncertainties in addition to those set out below which are not known to the Group
or which may not be material now but could turn out to be material in the future.


Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Industry

•    The industry in which the Group operates is highly competitive. Inability to compete effectively against
     new or existing competitors in the industry could result in decrease of sales volumes, reduction of
     prices and loss of market share.

•    Science and technology, clinical demands and market conditions in the pharmaceutical industry may
     change continuously and rapidly, and the Group may not be able to sufficiently and promptly respond
     to such changes.


Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Group’s Existing Products and Product Candidates

•    The Group may not be able to maintain the sales volumes, pricing levels and profit margins of its
     major products due to various factors.

•    The Group’s products may be excluded or removed from national, provincial or other government-
     sponsored medical insurance programs, or be included in national or provincial negative catalogues,
     any of which could adversely affect the Group’s sales, profitability and business prospects.

•    The Group or its products may not be able to achieve or maintain widespread acceptance and positive
     reputation among government authorities, business partners, healthcare practitioners and patients.

•    The Group may fail in tender processes to sell its products to public hospitals and other medical
     institutions in China and therefore lose market share.

•    The prices of certain of the Group’s products are subject to pricing regulation, competition and other
     factors and therefore may decrease.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   47
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     •    The Group’s products may not be produced to the necessary and consistent quality standards. The
          Group’s products may cause or be perceived to cause serious adverse events due to the individual
          differences of patients as well as the complexity of diseases, thus negatively affecting the Group’s
          reputation and business operations.

     •    The Group may be subject to claims relating to product liability and adverse events in connection with
          products sold and/or promoted by it as well as product candidates used by it in clinical trials. It could
          be costly and distracting for the Group to defend itself against such claims. Any failure to defend
          against such claims may cause adverse impacts on the Group’s reputation, business and results of
          operations.

     •    Development of product candidates, in particular innovative drug candidates, is time-consuming
          and costly, and the outcome is uncertain. The Group may fail to achieve research and development
          milestones as planned and/or disclosed, address regulatory concerns (particularly on safety and
          efficacy) effectively, obtain regulatory approvals timely, conduct commercialization successfully, or
          achieve market acceptance as anticipated, for its product candidates.

     •    The successful implementation of the Group’s product development projects is subject to a number of
          factors outside its control, including failure to maintain, renew or establish relationships with existing
          or potential research and development partners, or research and development partners’ failure to
          complete their contractual obligations or research and development targets.

     •    The Group relies on third parties to monitor, support and/or conduct pre-clinical studies and clinical
          trials of its product candidates. If these third parties fail to carry out their contractual obligations
          or meet deadlines as expected, the Group may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals for or
          commercialize its product candidates in a timely manner or at all.

     •    Even if the Group obtains regulatory approvals for product candidates, it will also be subject to
          continued regulatory review. Any failure to comply with regulatory requirements or occurrence of
          unanticipated problems with the product candidates may subject it to penalties.


     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Third-party Products

     •    The Group has limited or no control over the quality and production process of the products
          manufactured by third-party pharmaceutical companies and sold and/or promoted by it. Such third-
          party pharmaceutical companies may fail to produce or deliver the relevant products as planned
          and the relevant products may be found defective or otherwise not produced to the necessary and
          consistent quality standards.

     •    The progress of third-party research and development and the impact of market policies may cause
          risks associated with the development and commercialization of the Group’s products.




48   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Group’s Operations

•    The Group may face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaboration partners and
     obtaining additional expertise and capital, invest time and effort in negotiating collaboration details,
     incur non-recurring and other charges, or increase short and long-term expenditures, in connection
     with its existing and future collaboration arrangements for the development and commercialization
     of its product candidates. In addition, the Group may not be able to realize benefits from such
     arrangements in a timely manner or at all.

•    The Group depends on the supply of certain raw materials and pharmaceutical products, and it may
     encounter decrease, shortage or delay in the supply of, or increase in the price of, such raw materials
     and pharmaceutical products, which may cause disruptions to the Group’s production or increase the
     Group’s costs.

•    The Group may fail to maintain optimal inventory levels, which could increase its operating costs or
     lead to unfulfilled customer orders.

•    The Group may fail to sell and/or promote its products and third-party products effectively due to
     various factors, including, among other things, inadequate promotion, sales and marketing activities,
     failure to attract, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified promotion, sales and marketing
     personnel, and failure to maintain, expand and optimize an effective distribution network.

•    The Group could be subject to risks caused by misuse, leakage or loss of information maintained in
     its or its collaborators’ information technology systems, including personal and medical information
     that the Group or its collaborators collected in clinical trials. Any misuse, leakage or loss of such
     information could result in liability and damage to the Group and distract the attention of its
     management.

•    If the Group fails to adequately protect its intellectual property, or if the scope of its intellectual
     property fails to sufficiently protect its proprietary rights, other pharmaceutical companies could
     compete against it more directly. Occurrence of counterfeits of the Group’s products may also expose
     the Group to reduced sales volume of the relevant products, negative publicity, reputational damages
     and even litigations.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   49
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     •    The Group’s employees, distributors or third-party promoters may engage in misconduct or other
          improper activities, as a result of which, the Group may be exposed to regulatory investigations,
          penalties or other negative consequences.

     •    The Group may become a party to litigations, legal disputes, claims or administrative proceedings,
          which could divert its management’s attention and result in costs, liabilities and damages to its
          reputation.

     •    If the Group’s internal risk management and control system is not adequate or effective, and if it fails
          to detect potential risks in its business as intended, the Group’s business, financial condition and
          results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

     •    Any future occurrence of force majeure events, natural disasters or outbreaks of contagious
          diseases, could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.


     Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Group’s Financial Condition

     •    Any change or discontinuation in preferential tax treatment or financial subsidies that currently are or
          may be available to the Group in the future could materially and adversely affect its business, financial
          condition and results of operations.

     •    The fair value measurement of certain of the Group’s assets is subject to significant risks and
          uncertainties and the fair value change of such assets may materially and adversely affect its results
          of operations.

     •    Any significant decrease in the Group’s future profitability could materially and adversely affect its
          ability to recover its deferred tax assets.

     •    If the Group does not have access to sufficient funding for the implementation of its strategies and
          other aspects of its business, its business prospects and future growth could be adversely affected.




50   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Regulatory Compliance

•    The Group’s overseas investments may be subject to laws, rules, regulations and policies, as well as
     developments thereof, in the corresponding jurisdictions.

•    The Group may be restricted from transferring its scientific data abroad and exchanging data and
     materials during the collaborative development and research.

•    The Group or its business partners may fail to successfully obtain, maintain or renew the necessary
     permits, licenses or certificates for the development, production, promotion, sales or distribution of
     its products.


Principal Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Group’s Operational Environment

•    Economic, political and social conditions and government policies could continue to affect the Group’s
     business, results of operations and financial condition.

•    Market regulatory actions and civil claims derived therefrom against the Group may expose it to
     penalties, business constraints and reputational damages.

•    Investors may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process and seeking recognition and
     enforcement of judgments across jurisdictions.

The Company believes that risk management is essential to the Group’s effective and efficient operations,
reliable financial reporting and regulatory compliance. Senior management team of the Company assists
the Board in evaluating material risk exposures of the Group, participates in formulation of appropriate
risk management and internal control measures, and ensures such measures are properly implemented
during the Group’s daily operations. However, investors are still advised to make their own judgment or
consult their own investment advisers before making any investment in the Shares.


BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as of December 31, 2025 are set out in the
section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis – Liquidity and Financial Resources” in this annual
report and Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   51
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     DONATIONS

     During the Reporting Period, the Group made charitable and other donations in an aggregate amount of
     approximately RMB164.7 million.


     IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     The Company proposes to spin off (the “Proposed Spin-off”) and separately list the H shares of Simcere
     Zaiming, a subsidiary of the Company, on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (the “Proposed Listing”).
     The separate listing of the Simcere Zaiming’s H shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
     constitutes a spin-off of Simcere Zaiming by the Company under Practice Note 15 to the Listing Rules. The
     Stock Exchange has confirmed that the Company may proceed with the Proposed Spin-off. On January 9,
     2026, Simcere Zaiming submitted a listing application form (Form A1) to the Stock Exchange to apply for
     the listing of, and permission to deal in, the Simcere Zaiming’s H Shares on the Main Board of the Stock
     Exchange. It is intended that Simcere Zaiming will conduct an offering of its new shares in connection with
     the Proposed Listing. Upon completion of the Proposed Spin-off and the Proposed Listing, the Company
     is expected to have an interest of over 50% in Simcere Zaiming and Simcere Zaiming will remain as a
     subsidiary of the Company.

     On March 25, 2026, Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲藥業有限公司) (“Simcere Pharmaceutical”), an
     indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an equity transfer agreement with Jiangsu
     Simcere Diagnostic Technology Co., Ltd. (江蘇先聲診斷技術有限公司) (“Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostic”),
     pursuant to which Simcere Pharmaceutical has agreed to acquire, and Jiangsu Simcere Diagnostic has
     agreed to sell, the entire equity interest in Shanghai Simcere Diagnostic Technology Co., Ltd. (上海先
     聲診斷技術有限公司) (“Shanghai Simcere Diagnostic”) for a cash consideration of RMB30,763,200 (the
     “Acquisition”). Upon completion of the Acquisition, Shanghai Simcere Diagnostic will become an indirectly
     wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the financial results of the Shanghai Simcere Diagnostic will
     be consolidated into the financial statements of the Group.

     Save as disclosed above, after the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, there were no material
     events affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries.


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

     2021 RSU Scheme

     On May 20, 2021 (the “Adoption Date”), the Board adopted the 2021 restricted share unit scheme of the
     Company (the “2021 RSU Scheme”). In light of the amended Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules taking into
     effect from January 1, 2023, the Company has amended the 2021 RSU Scheme and adopted the scheme
     mandate limit (as defined under the Listing Rules) of the 2021 RSU Scheme (the “Scheme Mandate
     Limit”), which were approved at the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 15, 2023 (the
     “Amendment Date”). Principal amended terms of the 2021 RSU Scheme are summarized below:




52   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Purpose

The purpose of the 2021 RSU Scheme is to (i) incentivize the existing and incoming directors, senior
management and employees for their contribution to the Group; and (ii) attract, motivate and retain skilled
and experienced personnel to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group by providing
them with the opportunity to own equity interests in the Company, with a view to achieving the objectives of
increasing the value of the Company and aligning the interests of the selected participants under the 2021
RSU Scheme (the “Selected Participants”) directly to the Shareholders through ownership of Shares.


Effectiveness and duration

Without prejudicing the subsisting rights of any Selected Participant and subject to any early termination
as may be determined by the Board or a committee of the Board delegated by it the authority to administer
the 2021 RSU Scheme (the “Administrator”), the 2021 RSU Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period
of ten years commencing on the Adoption Date, after which no further awards will be granted, but the
provisions of the 2021 RSU Scheme shall in all other respects remain in full force and effect to the extent
necessary to give effect to any awards granted prior to such expiry and the administration of the trust fund
held by the trustee (the “Trustee”) for the benefit of the grantees under the 2021 RSU Scheme.

As of the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the 2021 RSU Scheme was approximately five
years.


Administration

The 2021 RSU Scheme is subject to the administration of the Administrator in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the 2021 RSU Scheme. The Administrator shall have the sole and absolute right to (i)
interpret and construe the provisions of the 2021 RSU Scheme; (ii) determine the eligible participants
(the “Eligible Participants”) who will be granted the RSUs under the 2021 RSU Scheme, the terms and
conditions on which the RSUs will be granted and the vesting conditions and schedule of the RSUs to be
granted pursuant to the 2021 RSU Scheme; (iii) make such appropriate and equitable adjustments to the
terms of the RSUs granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme as it deems necessary; and (iv) make such other
decisions or determinations as it shall deem appropriate or desirable in the administration of the 2021 RSU
Scheme. All the decisions, determinations and interpretations made by the Administrator in accordance
with the 2021 RSU Scheme shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons affected thereby.


Eligible Participants

The Eligible Participants who can receive RSUs under the 2021 RSU Scheme include directors and
employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (including persons who is granted RSUs under the
2021 RSU Scheme as an inducement to enter into employment contracts with the Company or any of its
subsidiaries), who the Administrator considers, in its sole discretion, has the below eligibility.

The eligibility of the Eligible Participants to the grant of the RSUs shall be determined by the Administrator
from time to time and on a case-by-case basis subject to the Administrator’s opinion as to his/her
contribution to the development and growth of the Group or such other factors as the Administrator may
deem appropriate.



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   53
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     Maximum number of Shares to be granted

     Unless the Scheme Mandate Limit is refreshed, or grant of RSUs exceeding the Scheme Mandate Limit is
     separately approved, by the Shareholders in general meeting of the Company in accordance with the 2021
     RSU Scheme, the total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options and awards to be
     granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme and any other share option schemes and/or share award schemes
     involving issuance of new Shares adopted and to be adopted by the Company (the “Share Scheme(s)”)
     must not exceed 266,404,561 Shares, representing 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as of the
     Amendment Date, and 10.26% of the total number of Shares in issue as of the date of this annual report.
     For the purpose of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit, options and awards that have already lapsed in
     accordance with the terms of the schemes shall not be regarded as utilised.


     Maximum entitlement of each participant

     The maximum entitlement of each Selected Participant under the 2021 RSU Scheme shall not exceed the
     limits as required under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Specifically, no RSUs shall be granted to any
     Selected Participant if, at the time of the grant, the number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect
     of all options and awards granted (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the terms
     of the scheme) to such person under the 2021 RSU Scheme and any other Share Schemes in the 12-month
     period up to and including the grant date of the relevant RSUs would exceed 1% of the total number of
     Shares in issue as at the grant date, unless such grant has been duly approved by the Shareholders in
     general meeting of the Company with such proposed Selected Participant and his/her close associates (or
     associates if the relevant Selected Participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting. The number
     and terms of RSUs to be granted to such Selected Participant must be fixed before the general meeting of
     the Company at which the same are approved.


     Purchase Price

     The purchase price (if any) for acceptance of the RSUs under the 2021 RSU Scheme shall be determined at
     the sole and absolute discretion of the Administrator after taking into consideration (i) the purpose of the
     award; (ii) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the
     grant date; (iii) the average closing price of the Shares for the five Business Days prior to the grant date;
     and/or (iv) any other matter which the Administrator considers relevant. Such consideration (if any) shall
     be paid to the Company or the Trustee at the sole and absolute discretion of the Administrator. For the
     avoidance of doubt, the Administrator may determine the purchase price to be nil. The grant letter issued
     by the Administrator to each Selected Participant will state the purchase price, if applicable, and that an
     acceptance of the grant must be accompanied by payment of the purchase price and its payment period
     and mechanism.




54   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Vesting of RSUs

Subject to the terms of the 2021 RSU Scheme and the specific terms and conditions applicable to each
award, the RSUs granted in an award shall be subject to a vesting schedule (if any) and to the satisfaction
of performance milestones or targets and/or other conditions to be determined by the Administrator
(if any) in its sole and absolute discretion. If such conditions are not satisfied or waived, the award
shall automatically lapse on the date on which any such condition is not satisfied, as determined by the
Administrator in its sole and absolute discretion. The Board (or, as the case may be, the person(s) or
institution(s) authorized by the Board) will conduct assessment at the end of a performance period by
comparing the Group’s overall performance and the individual performance of the grantees with the pre-
agreed performance targets to determine whether the targets and the extents to which have been met.

The vesting period shall not be less than 12 months unless the Administrator determines, in its sole
discretion, that the RSUs granted to a Selected Participant may be subject to a vesting period of less
than 12 months in the following circumstances: (i) awards are subject to performance-based vesting
conditions provided, in lieu of time-based vesting criteria to stimulate the Selected Participant to achieve
the relevant performance targets in a shorter period; or (ii) awards are granted in batches during a year for
administrative and compliance reasons, in which case, the vesting period may be shorter to reflect the time
from which the RSUs would have been granted.

For further details of the 2021 RSU Scheme and its amendments, please refer to the announcements and
circular of the Company dated May 20, 2021, March 31, 2023, May 25, 2023 and June 15, 2023.


Details of the RSUs granted under the 2021 RSU Scheme

During the Reporting Period, the Board resolved (i) on March 25, 2025 to grant an aggregate of 1,777,000
RSUs, representing 1,777,000 underlying Shares, to an aggregate of 45 Eligible Participants, each an
employee of the Group, under the 2021 RSU Scheme at nil consideration; (ii) on August 22, 2025 to grant
an aggregate of 675,000 RSUs, representing 675,000 underlying Shares, to an aggregate of six Eligible
Participants, each an employee of the Group, under the 2021 RSU Scheme at nil consideration; and (iii) on
December 1, 2025 to grant an aggregate of 15,408,100 RSUs, representing 15,408,100 underlying Shares,
to an aggregate of 97 Eligible Participants, including two executive Directors, namely Mr. WAN Yushan and
Ms. WANG Xi and other 95 employees of the Group, under the 2021 RSU Scheme at nil consideration. For
details of such grants, please refer to the announcements of Company dated March 25, 2025, August 22,
2025 and December 1, 2025, respectively.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   55
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     The number of RSUs available for grant under the 2021 RSU Scheme was 258,133,361 as of January 1, 2025
     and was 242,312,421 as of December 31, 2025. The number of Shares underlying the RSUs granted under
     the 2021 RSU Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares in
     issue during the Reporting Period is 0.71%. Details of the outstanding RSUs granted under the 2021 RSU
     Scheme and the movements during the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                                                              Closing     Weighted           Fair value
                                               Number              Number                    price of      average            of awards                                                    Number                        Approximate
                                              of Shares           of Shares                the Shares       closing          at the date                                                  of Shares                       percentage
                                            underlying           underlying     Number immediately      price of the           of grant                                                 underlying                           of total
                                              the RSUs            the RSUs      of RSUs    before the       Shares              and the                                                   the RSUs                         number of
                                            outstanding outstanding             granted       date on immediately            accounting             Vested       Lapsed    Cancelled    outstanding Vesting dates          Shares in
                                                   as of              as of   during the    which the    before the           standard           during the   during the   during the         as of          (subject     issue as of
      Name or category                       the date of         January 1,   Reporting awards were         vesting          and policy          Reporting    Reporting    Reporting December 31,          to vesting December 31,
      of grantee         Date of grant        grant   (Note 1)
                                                                      2025       Period      granted      date   (Note 2)
                                                                                                                            adopted   (Note 3)
                                                                                                                                                    Period       Period       Period          2025 conditions(Note 4))          2025

      Directors
      Mr. WAN Yushan November 9, 2022           850,000             283,334           –     HK$11.34                  –       HK$11.62                   –      283,334            –             –           Note 5                –
                         August 22, 2024        271,400             271,400           –      HK$5.35         Note 2            HK$5.24             217,120       54,280            –             –           Note 6                –
                         December 1, 2025     2,100,000                  –     2,100,000    HK$13.64                  –       HK$13.93                   –            –            –      2,100,000          Note 7          0.0809%
      Ms. WANG Xi        March 21, 2024          82,000              82,000           –      HK$5.30         Note 2            HK$5.49              65,600       16,400            –             –           Note 8                –
                         August 22, 2024         56,000              56,000           –      HK$5.35         Note 2            HK$5.24              44,800       11,200            –             –           Note 6                –
                         December 1, 2025       240,000                  –      240,000     HK$13.64                  –       HK$13.93                   –            –            –       240,000           Note 7          0.0092%




56   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                                                                                        Closing     Weighted        Fair value
                                            Number           Number                    price of      average        of awards                                                Number                        Approximate
                                           of Shares        of Shares                the Shares       closing      at the date                                              of Shares                       percentage
                                         underlying        underlying     Number immediately      price of the        of grant                                            underlying                           of total
                                           the RSUs         the RSUs      of RSUs    before the       Shares           and the                                              the RSUs                         number of
                                         outstanding outstanding          granted       date on immediately        accounting         Vested       Lapsed    Cancelled    outstanding Vesting dates          Shares in
                                                 as of          as of   during the    which the    before the        standard      during the   during the   during the         as of          (subject     issue as of
 Name or category                         the date of      January 1,   Reporting awards were         vesting       and policy     Reporting    Reporting    Reporting December 31,          to vesting December 31,
 of grantee         Date of grant          grant(Note 1)        2025       Period      granted      date(Note 2) adopted(Note 3)      Period       Period       Period          2025 conditions(Note 4))          2025

 Other grantees
 Employees          May 11, 2022           6,810,000          909,000           –      HK$7.85         Note 2         HK$8.27        530,000      288,000       91,000             –           Note 9                –
                    September 28, 2022    14,489,000        2,975,000           –      HK$7.01         Note 2         HK$6.72       1,250,500     499,500     1,225,000            –          Note 10                –
                    November 9, 2022       1,169,000          235,667           –     HK$11.34              –        HK$11.62              –      235,667            –             –          Note 11                –
                    June 28, 2023          4,378,000        1,542,000           –      HK$7.43         Note 2         HK$7.25        220,500      364,500      716,000        241,000         Note 12          0.0093%
                    March 21, 2024         3,746,000        3,282,500           –      HK$5.30         Note 2         HK$5.49       1,005,750     777,750            –      1,499,000         Note 13          0.0577%
                    August 22, 2024        2,640,700        2,605,300           –      HK$5.35         Note 2         HK$5.24       1,774,270     675,030            –        156,000         Note 14          0.0060%
                    March 25, 2025         1,777,000               –     1,777,000     HK$7.83              –         HK$7.52              –       20,000            –      1,757,000         Note 15          0.0677%
                    August 22, 2025          675,000               –       675,000    HK$12.77              –        HK$14.10              –            –            –        675,000         Note 16          0.0260%
                    December 1, 2025      13,068,100               –    13,068,100    HK$13.64              –        HK$13.93              –      120,000       60,000     12,888,100         Note 17          0.4965%

 Total                                   52,352,200        12,242,201   17,860,100           –              –                 –    5,108,540    3,345,661    2,092,000     19,556,100                – 0.7534%(Note 18)


Notes:

1.       The RSUs were granted to the grantees at nil consideration and were or will be transferred to the grantees upon vesting
         at nil consideration.

2.       The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the vesting date for directors as a category
         of grantees is HK$11.81. The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the vesting date for
         employees as a category of grantees is HK$11.16.

3.       For details of the accounting standard and policy adopted in relation to and the basis of the measurement of fair value of
         RSUs, please see Note 35 to the financial statements in this annual report.

4.       The vesting of the RSUs shall be subject to the assessment of the annual performance of the Grantees, and such
         assessment is based on the evaluation of:

         (i)         the Grantee’s individual performance; and

         (ii)        the business performance of the Group, with reference to various factors, including but not limited to the Group’s
                     overall performance targets and its actual results, as well as its financial position.

         Upon each vesting date, the portion of RSUs that vests shall be determined based on the assessment of the Grantee’s
         annual performance, and the unvested portion shall lapse.




                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025                      57
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     5.    One third of the RSUs granted shall vest on November 9, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

     6.    The RSUs granted shall vest on August 22, 2025.

     7.    One third of the RSUs granted shall vest on December 1, 2026, 2027, and 2028, respectively.

     8.    The RSUs granted shall vest on April 30, 2025.

     9.    In relation to 1,500,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on January 17, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.
           In relation to 5,310,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on May 11, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

     10.   In relation to 13,881,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on September 28, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
           respectively. In relation to 528,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on May 11, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
           respectively. In relation to 80,000 RSUs granted, one half of the RSUs shall vest on May 11, 2023 and 2024, respectively.

     11.   In relation to 1,015,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on November 9, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.
           In relation to 154,000 RSUs granted, all of them shall vest on November 9, 2023.

     12.   In relation to 4,302,000 RSUs granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on June 28, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively. In
           relation to 76,000 RSUs granted, all of them shall vest on June 28, 2024.

     13.   In relation to 359,000 RSUs granted, all of the RSUs shall vest on March 21, 2025. In relation to 126,000 RSUs granted,
           half of the RSUs shall vest on March 21, 2025 and 2026, respectively. In relation to 3,261,000 RSUs granted, one third of
           the RSUs shall vest on March 21, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively.

     14.   In relation to 2,406,700 RSUs granted, all of the RSUs shall vest on August 22, 2025. In relation to 234,000 RSUs granted,
           one third of the RSUs shall vest on August 22, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively.

     15.   In relation to 400,000 RSUs granted, all of the RSUs shall vest on March 25, 2026. In relation to 1,377,000 RSUs granted,
           one third of the RSUs shall vest on March 25, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively.

     16.   One third of the RSUs granted shall vest on August 22, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively.

     17.   In relation to 100,000 RSUs granted, all of the RSUs shall vest on December 1, 2026. In relation to 12,968,100 RSUs
           granted, one third of the RSUs shall vest on December 1, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively.

     18.   The aggregate percentage of number of Shares underlying the RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2025 divided by
           total number of Shares in issue as of December 31, 2025 may not add up to the total percentage of 0.7534% due to
           rounding.

     In addition, Simcere Pharmaceutical Holding Limited, a controlling Shareholder of the Company, adopted
     the pre-IPO share incentive scheme on July 31, 2014, details of which were set out in the section headed
     “Appendix V – Statutory and General Information – D. Pre-IPO Share Incentive Scheme” of the Prospectus.
     Simcere Zaiming, a subsidiary of the Company, also adopted a share incentive scheme on March 20, 2024.
     For more details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated March 20, 2024 and Note 35 to
     the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. The aforementioned share incentive schemes
     were not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

     Saved as disclosed herein, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company or subsidiaries
     during the year ended December 31, 2025.




58   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT




PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Pursuant to Article 166 of the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of Association”), subject
to the provisions of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “Companies
Ordinance”), every Director, company secretary or other senior management member of the Company
shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all costs, charges, expenses,
losses and liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of his office or otherwise in
relation thereto. Such permitted indemnity provision is currently in force and was in force throughout the
year ended December 31, 2025.

The Company has purchased Directors, company secretary and senior management’s liabilities insurance
on behalf of its Directors, joint company secretaries and senior management.

DIRECTORS

The directors of the Company and its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this
annual report were as follows:

 Directors of the Company:                                   Directors of subsidiaries:
 Executive Directors:                                        CAI Ye2                      SONG Wenjie
                                                             CHEN Weigong2                SUN Jiancheng
 Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman)                                 CHENG Xianghua               TANG Renhong
 Mr. TANG Renhong                                            CHU Xuexi                    TANG Qijin2
 Mr. WAN Yushan                                              FENG Hong2                   WAN Yushan
 Ms. WANG Xi                                                 HAN Xinning2                 WANG Feng
                                                             HU Jianzhong                 WANG Hui2
 Independent non-executive Directors:                        HOU Zhiwei                   WANG Pin
                                                             Kyu Don Kim                  WANG Xi
 Mr. SONG Ruilin                                             LI Zhengtao                  WANG Xiaobing1
 Mr. WANG Jianguo                                            LI Dongfang                  WU Yihan
 Mr. WANG Xinhua                                             LIN Jie2                     WU Yongmin
 Mr. SUNG Ka Woon                                            LU Jianxue1                  XIAO Bing2
                                                             MAO Tingting2                XU Gang
                                                             PENG Shaoping1               XU Renxiang
                                                             QIAN Haibo1                  XU Jianjian
                                                             QIAN Yong2                   XU Yuxi
                                                             REN Jinsheng                 YAO Wanfeng2
                                                             REN Weidong                  YU Qingzhu2
                                                             SHI Ruiwen                   ZHANG Xiaojuan
                                                                                          ZHANG Yi2
                                                                                          ZHAO Hao2
                                                                                          ZHAO Shanhan




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   59
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     Notes:

     (1)   Ceased to serve as the director of the subsidiaries of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to
           the date of this annual report.

     (2)   Appointed as the director of the subsidiaries of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the date
           of this annual report.


     BIOGRAPHIES AND CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENTS

     Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are set out on pages 100
     to 107 of this annual report.

     On March 25, 2026, Dr. Zhou Yunshu was appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company. See
     “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management” for his biography.

     Except as noted in the biographies, none of the Directors have held any other directorships in any listed
     public companies in the last three years.

     Further, except as disclosed in the biographies, none of the Directors is connected with any Director,
     senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling Shareholder of the Company.

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, there are no other matters relating to the re-election of Directors
     at the forthcoming AGM that need to be brought to the attention of the Shareholders nor is there any
     information to be disclosed pursuant to any of the requirements of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, since the date of the 2025 interim report of the Company and up to
     the date of this annual report, there were no changes in the information of Directors and chief executive of
     the Company required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT

     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company, while each of the
     independent non-executive Directors has signed a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of
     three years.

     The above appointments are always subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of Directors under
     the Articles of Association. None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a
     service contract with members of the Group that is not determinable by the Group within one year without
     payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.




60   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT




INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation
of his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all of the
independent non-executive Directors are independent in accordance with the guidelines set out in the
Listing Rules.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Continuing Connected Transactions” and the section headed
“Connected Transaction” in this report and “Material Related Party Transactions” of Note 39 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report, no transaction, arrangement or contracts of
significance (as defined in Appendix D2 of the Listing Rules) related to the business of the Company to
which the Company, its holding companies or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director,
an entity connected with a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted as of
December 31, 2025 or at any time during the year ended December 31, 2025.


CONTRACT WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Continuing Connected Transactions” and “Material Related Party
Transactions” of Note 39 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, during the year
ended December 31, 2025 or at any time during the year ended December 31, 2025, neither contract of
significance was entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and a controlling Shareholder
or any of its subsidiaries, nor contract of significance was entered into for the provision of services to the
Company or any of its subsidiaries by a controlling Shareholder or any of its subsidiaries.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

Save as disclosed in the Prospectus, during the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their respective
associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) had any interest in a business which competes or is likely
to compete with the Group’s business under Rules 8.10(2)(b) and 8.10(2)(c) of the Listing Rules.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Equity-linked Agreements – 2021 RSU Scheme” and “Directors’
and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures”, at no
time during the Reporting Period or until the end of 2025, were rights to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Directors or their respective spouses
or minor children, or were any such rights exercised by them; nor was the Company, any of its subsidiaries
or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any
other corporations.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   61
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

     The controlling Shareholders of the Company have respectively acknowledged to the Company that they
     have honored the non-competition undertaking made to the Company under the deed of non-competition
     entered into on October 8, 2020 (“Deed of Non-competition”). The independent non-executive Directors
     have reviewed such compliance and confirmed that the above-mentioned parties had kept and duly
     performed all the undertakings under the Deed of Non-competition during the Reporting Period.


     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

     No contract, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
     business of the Company, as required to be disclosed under section 543 of the Companies Ordinance, was
     entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


     CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     During the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group has entered
     into the following transactions, which constituted continuing connected transactions under the Listing
     Rules, and are required to be disclosed in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:


     Partially-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions

     As disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated December 29, 2023, January 17, 2024, December
     23, 2024, January 16, 2025, January 24, 2025 and October 20, 2025 (the “CCT Announcements”), the
     following transactions constituted partially-exempt continuing connected transactions of the Company.
     For further details, please refer to the CCT Announcements.

     The Group has followed the pricing policies set forth in the CCT Announcements, as well as the guidelines
     under the Listing Rules in determining the prices and terms of the continuing connected transactions
     conducted during the Reporting Period.


     Diagnostics R&D Project Service Framework Agreement

     On December 23, 2024 (after trading hours), in order to remain cooperation with Jiangsu Simcere Medical
     Diagnostics Co., Ltd. (江蘇先聲醫學診斷有限公司) (“Jiangsu Medical Diagnostics”) and renew the previous
     Diagnostics R&D Project Service Framework Agreement entered into between the Company and Jiangsu
     Medical Diagnostics on December 23, 2021, which expired on December 31, 2024, the Company entered
     into a new Diagnostics R&D Project Service Framework Agreement (the “R&D Project Service Framework
     Agreement”) with Jiangsu Medical Diagnostics, for themselves and on behalf of their respective
     subsidiaries, pursuant to which Jiangsu Medical Diagnostics agreed to provide R&D project services to
     the Group, including but not limited to CRO (contract research organization) services, WES (whole exome
     sequencing) services, CDx (companion diagnostic in vitro diagnostic reagents) services and other R&D
     project services.




62   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT




The R&D Project Service Framework Agreement is for a term of three years commencing from January 1,
2025 and ending on December 31, 2027 (both days inclusive), and is renewable for a term of three years
upon mutual consent and subject to the requirements under the Listing Rules and other applicable laws
and regulations.

Jiangsu Medical Diagnostics is ultimately controlled by Mr. Ren Yong and his spouse, Ms. Li Shimeng,
both of whom are controlling Shareholders of the Company. As a result, Jiangsu Medical Diagnostics is an
associate of Mr. Ren Yong and Ms. Li Shimeng and therefore a connected person of the Company.

The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions under the R&D Project Service Framework
Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025 is RMB25.0 million, while the actual transaction amount
for the year ended December 31, 2025 was approximately RMB2.90 million.


BioSciKin Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement

On December 23, 2024 (after trading hours), in order to remain cooperation with Nanjing BioSciKin
Technology Development Co., Ltd. (南京百家匯科技發展有限公司) (“Nanjing BioSciKin Technology”), and
renew the previous Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement entered into
between the Company and Nanjing BioSciKin Technology on December 20, 2022, the Company entered
into a new Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement with Nanjing BioSciKin
Technology (the “Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement”), for themselves
and on behalf of their respective subsidiaries, pursuant to which Nanjing BioSciKin Technology agreed
to lease certain properties to the Group for office, laboratory and staff dormitory use and provide related
property management services, as well as provide the Group with certain general supporting services,
which include, among others, utilities and network support, conference supporting services, staff canteen
services, accommodation services and other logistics services.

The Property Lease and Comprehensive Services Framework Agreement is for a term of three years
commencing from January 1, 2025 and ending on December 31, 2027 (both days inclusive), and is
renewable for a term of up to three years upon mutual consent and subject to the requirements under the
Listing Rules and other applicable laws and regulations.

Nanjing BioSciKin Technology is indirectly wholly owned by Mr. Ren Jinsheng, an executive Director and a
controlling Shareholder of the Company. As a result, Nanjing BioSciKin Technology is an associate of Mr.
Ren Jinsheng and therefore a connected person of the Company.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   63
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions under the Property Lease and Comprehensive
     Services Framework Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025 is RMB119.0 million, while the
     actual transaction amount for the year ended December 31, 2025 was approximately RMB79.24 million.


     Order Collection Comprehensive Services Agreement

     On December 29, 2023 (after trading hours), Jiangsu Simcere, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of
     the Company, entered into an order collection comprehensive services agreement (the “Order Collection
     Comprehensive Services Agreement”) with Jiangsu Medical Diagnostics, pursuant to which Jiangsu
     Medical Diagnostics agreed to entrust Jiangsu Simcere to provide certain order collection comprehensive
     services for its testing products in the field of neurology and infection treatment.

     The Order Collection Comprehensive Services Agreement is for a term of three years commencing from
     January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2026.

     Jiangsu Medical Diagnostics is ultimately controlled by Mr. Ren Yong and his spouse, Ms. Li Shimeng,
     both of whom are controlling Shareholders of the Company. As a result, Jiangsu Medical Diagnostics is an
     associate of Mr. Ren Yong and Ms. Li Shimeng and therefore a connected person of the Company.

     The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions under the Order Collection Comprehensive
     Services Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025 is RMB25.0 million, while the actual transaction
     amount for the year ended December 31, 2025 was approximately RMB3.83 million.


     Exclusive Promotion Services Cooperation Agreement

     On December 29, 2023 (after trading hours), Jiangsu Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (江蘇先聲藥業
     有限公司) (“Jiangsu Simcere”), an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the
     Exclusive Promotion Services Cooperation Agreement with Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products
     Co., Ltd. (北京先聲祥瑞生物製品股份有限公司) (“Beijing Simcere Sanroad”), pursuant to which Jiangsu
     Simcere agreed to grant the exclusive promotion rights to Beijing Simcere Sanroad to promote a generic
     drug of the Group (i.e. Fumarate Bedaquiline Tablets) within the prescribed promotion indications and the
     promotion region.

     The Exclusive Promotion Services Cooperation Agreement is effective from January 16, 2024 to December
     31, 2026.

     Beijing Simcere Sanroad is ultimately controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng, an executive Director and a
     controlling Shareholder of the Company. As a result, Beijing Simcere Sanroad is an associate of Mr. Ren
     Jinsheng and therefore a connected person of the Company.




64   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




The annual cap for the continuing connected transactions under the Exclusive Promotion Services
Cooperation Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025 is RMB100.0 million, while the actual
transaction amount for the year ended December 31, 2025 was approximately RMB87.03 million.

Due to the unexpected actual sales volume of the generic drug of the Group (i.e. Fumarate Bedaquiline
Tablets) promoted and sold by Beijing Simcere Sanroad within the promotion indications and the promotion
region under the Exclusive Promotion Services Cooperation Agreement, which correspondingly led to
a growth in the incurred promotion service fees. Moreover, during the nine months ended September
30, 2025, the Group has achieved a significant increase in the volume of centralized procurement of the
product by local government authorities. Meanwhile, driven by ongoing efforts to expand the Product’s
inclusion in target hospitals and extend its customer base, the sales volume of the Product is expected to
continue growing in years ending December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2026, further increasing promotion
service fees. In light of the above, on January 24, 2025 and October 20, 2025, the Company has thereby
resolved to revise the annual caps for the years ending December 31, 2025 and 2026 under the Exclusive
Promotion Services Cooperation Agreement to RMB52.0 million, RMB87.0 million and RMB100.0 million,
RMB150.0 million, respectively. For more details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated
January 24, 2025 and October 20, 2025.

In respect of the continuing connected transactions, the Company confirms that it has followed the
policies and guidelines as set out in the guidance letter HKEX-GL73-14 issued by the Stock Exchange when
determining the price and terms of the transactions conducted during the year ended December 31, 2025.

Save as disclosed above, none of the other related party transactions set out in the Note 39 of the financial
statements constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions that are required to
be disclosed under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Company confirms that it has complied with the
disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the year ended December 31, 2025.


Confirmation from Independent Non-executive Directors

The independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the continuing connected
transactions outlined above, and confirmed that such continuing connected transactions had been entered
into:

(i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(ii)    on normal commercial terms or better; and

(iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that were fair and reasonable
        and in the interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   65
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     Confirmations from the Company’s Independent Auditor

     The Auditor has performed the relevant procedures regarding the continuing connected transactions
     in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance
     Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to
     Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing
     Rules” issued by Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Auditor has provided an
     unqualified letter to the Board containing findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected
     transactions disclosed by the Group in the paragraphs above in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing
     Rules.

     The Auditor has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with respect to the aforesaid continuing connected
     transactions entered into in the year ended December 31, 2025:

     (i)    nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed
            continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;

     (ii)   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to
            the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
            transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;

     (iii) nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed
            continuing connected transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with
            the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

     (iv)   with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the disclosed continuing connected transactions,
            nothing has come to the Auditor’s attention that causes the Auditor to believe that the disclosed
            continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual caps as set by the Company.




66   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group has entered
into the following transactions, which constituted connected transactions under the Listing Rules, and are
required to be disclosed in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:


Acquisitions of the Entire Assets of Sanroad Shanghai and the Entire Equity Interest in Xianwei

To swiftly enter the mRNA technology field, establish a competitive edge in key areas such as infectious
diseases, oncology, and autoimmune diseases, complementing its existing innovative drug pipeline
and broadening future development opportunities and to rapidly integrate critical technologies, clinical
data, and production resources establishing a strong competitive moat in the mRNA field, on August 26,
2025, Hainan Simcere, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the transfer
agreement with Beijing Sanroad, pursuant to which Hainan Simcere has agreed to acquire, and Beijing
Sanroad has agreed to sell: (i) the entire assets of Sanroad Shanghai, a branch of Beijing Sanroad
established on May 22, 2025, for a cash consideration of RMB17,522,600; and (ii) the entire equity interest
in Xianwei for a cash consideration of RMB65,661,200 (the “Acquisitions”). The aggregated consideration
under the transfer agreement is RMB83,183,800. The Acquisitions were completed on October 28, 2025.
Upon completion, Xianwei has become an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the
financial results of Xianwei have been consolidated into the financial statements of the Group.

Beijing Sanroad is directly owned by Hainan Baimai Investment Co., Ltd. (海南百邁投資有限公司) (formerly
known as Shanghai BioSciKin Investment Management Co., Ltd. (上海百家匯投資管理有限公司) and
Hainan Simcere BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd. (海南先聲百家匯科技發展有限公司) as to
approximately 85.46% and 1.20%, respectively, both of which are ultimately wholly owned by Mr. Ren
Jinsheng, an executive Director and one of the controlling Shareholders of the Company. As a result,
Beijing Sanroad is an associate of Mr. Ren Jinsheng and a connected person of the Company. Accordingly,
the Acquisitions contemplated under the transfer agreement constitute a connected transactions of the
Company. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated August 26, 2025 and
September 18, 2025.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   67
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     As of December 31, 2025, the interest or short position of the Directors or chief executives of the Company
     in the Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong (the
     “SFO”)) which were (i) required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
     7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interest or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have
     under such provisions of the SFO), or (ii) required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the
     register referred to therein, or (iii) required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
     Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were
     as follows:

                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                          Number of    percentage of
      Name of Director/                                                            Shares/underlying   shareholding
      chief executive                   Nature of interest                         shares interested       interest(1)
      Mr. Ren Jinsheng(2)               Interest in controlled corporations/           1,776,343,068         68.43%
                                            Interest of concert parties/Interest
                                            of spouse

      Mr. Tang Renhong(3)               Beneficial owner                                   1,550,000           0.06%

      Mr. Wan Yushan(4)                 Beneficial owner                                   1,445,453
                                        Beneficiary of a trust (other than                 2,100,000
                                            a discretionary interest)

                                        Sub-total:                                         3,545,453           0.14%

      Ms. Wang Xi(5)                    Beneficial owner                                     274,400
                                        Beneficiary of a trust (other than                   240,000
                                            a discretionary interest)
                                        Interest of spouse                             1,775,828,668

                                        Sub-total                                      1,776,343,068         68.43%




68   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Notes:

(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 2,595,697,618 issued Shares of the Company as of December 31, 2025.

(2)   Mr. Ren Jinsheng, together with Simcere Investments Group Limited (“SIG”), P&H Holdings Group Ltd. (“P&H Holdings”),
      Right Wealth Holdings Limited (“Right Wealth”), Mr. Ren Yong, Ms. Li Shimeng, Mr. Ren Weidong, Ms. Ren Zhen
      and Ms. Peng Suqin (collectively, the “Ultimate Controlling Shareholders”), collectively hold 1,775,828,668 Shares,
      including (i) 592,810,031 Shares and 938,431,689 Shares directly held by Artking Global Limited (“Artking”) and Simcere
      Pharmaceutical Holding Limited (“SPHL”), respectively, both of which are companies controlled by the Ultimate
      Controlling Shareholders; and (ii) 123,625,578 Shares and 120,961,370 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and
      Fortune Fountain Investment Limited (“FFI”), respectively, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng.
      As the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders are deemed to be persons acting in concert under the Codes on Takeovers and
      Mergers and Share Buy-back (the “Takeovers Code”), each of them is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each
      other by virtue of the SFO. Mr. Ren Jinsheng is also deemed to be interested in (i) 274,400 Shares held by his spouse,
      Ms. Wang Xi; and (ii) 240,000 Shares underlying the RSUs granted to Ms. Wang Xi. As of December 31, 2025, such 240,000
      RSUs remain unvested, and such vesting is subject to vesting conditions.

(3)   Mr. Tang Renhong directly holds 1,550,000 Shares.

(4)   Mr. Wan Yushan (i) directly holds 1,445,453 Shares; and (ii) is interested in 2,100,000 RSUs granted to him under the 2021
      RSU Scheme which entitled him to receive an aggregate of 2,100,000 Shares subject to vesting. As of December 31, 2025,
      such 2,100,000 RSUs remain unvested, and such vesting is subject to vesting conditions.

(5)   Ms. Wang Xi (i) directly holds 274,400 Shares; (ii) is interested in 240,000 RSUs granted to her under the 2021 RSU
      Scheme which entitled her to receive an aggregated of 240,000 Shares subject to vesting. As of December 31, 2025, such
      240,000 RSUs remain unvested, and such vesting is subject to vesting conditions; and (iii) is deemed to be interested in
      an aggregate of 1,775,828,668 Shares directly and indirectly held by her spouse, Mr. Ren Jinsheng, together with other
      Ultimate Controlling Shareholders who are deemed to be persons acting in concert under the Takeovers Code.

Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2025, so far as is known to the Directors, none of the Directors
or the chief executives of the Company had or were deemed to have any interest or short position in
the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 7 and
8 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section
352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025      69
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING
     SHARES

     As of December 31, 2025, interests or short positions of persons (other than the Directors and chief
     executives of the Company) in the Shares or underlying Shares (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
     which were required to be notified to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded
     in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                         Number of     Approximate
                                                                                          Shares or    percentage of
                                                                                         underlying    shareholding
      Name of Shareholder               Nature of interest                         Shares interested       interest(1)
      Mr. Ren Yong(2)(3)                Interest in controlled corporations/           1,775,828,668         68.41%
                                            Interest of concert parties/Founder
                                            of a discretionary trust
      Ms. Li Shimeng(2)(3)              Interest in controlled corporations/           1,775,828,668         68.41%
                                            Interest of concert parties/Interest
                                            of spouse
      P&H Holdings(2)(3)                Interest in controlled corporations/           1,775,828,668         68.41%
                                            Interest of concert parties
      Mr. Ren Weidong(2)(4)             Interest in controlled corporations/           1,775,828,668         68.41%
                                            Interest of concert parties
      Right Wealth(2)(4)                Interest in controlled corporations/           1,775,828,668         68.41%
                                            Interest of concert parties
      Ms. Ren Zhen    (2)(5)
                                        Interest in controlled corporations/           1,775,828,668         68.41%
                                            Interest of concert parties
      Ms. Peng Suqin(2)(6)              Interest in controlled corporations/           1,775,828,668         68.41%
                                            Interest of concert parties
      Artking(2)(7)                     Beneficial owner                                 592,810,031
                                        Interest in controlled corporations              938,431,689
                                        Interest of concert parties                      244,586,948

                                        Sub-total                                      1,775,828,668         68.41%

      Simcere Holding Limited           Interest in controlled corporations              938,431,689
        (“Simcere Holding”)(2)(8)
                                        Interest of concert parties                      837,396,979

                                        Sub-total                                      1,775,828,668         68.41%




70   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                                                                                             Number of        Approximate
                                                                                              Shares or      percentage of
                                                                                            underlying       shareholding
 Name of Shareholder                    Nature of interest                           Shares interested           interest(1)
 Excel Investments Group Limited        Interest in controlled corporations                 938,431,689
      (“Excel Investments”)   (2)(9)


                                        Interest of concert parties                         837,396,979

                                        Sub-total                                         1,775,828,668            68.41%

 SPHL(2)(10)                            Beneficial owner                                    938,431,689
                                        Interest of concert parties                         837,396,979

                                        Sub-total                                         1,775,828,668            68.41%

 SIG(2)(11)                             Beneficial owner                                    116,259,578
                                        Interest in controlled corporation                  128,327,370
                                        Interest of concert parties                       1,531,241,720

                                        Sub-total                                         1,775,828,668            68.41%

 FFI(2)(12)                             Beneficial owner                                    120,961,370
                                        Interest of concert parties                       1,654,867,298

                                        Sub-total                                         1,775,828,668            68.41%


Notes:

(1)     The calculation is based on the total number of 2,595,697,618 issued Shares of the Company as of December 31, 2025.

(2)     The Ultimate Controlling Shareholders collectively hold 1,775,828,668 Shares, including (i) 592,810,031 Shares and
        938,431,689 Shares directly held by Artking and SPHL, respectively, both of which are companies controlled by the
        Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; and (ii) 123,625,578 Shares and 120,961,370 Shares directly or indirectly held by
        SIG and FFI, respectively, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng. As the Ultimate Controlling
        Shareholders are deemed to be persons acting in concert under the Takeovers Code, each of them is deemed to be
        interested in the Shares held by each other by virtue of the SFO.

(3)     Mr. Ren Yong is the settlor of the P&H Family Trust, and P&H Family Trust holds the entire equity interest in P&H
        Holdings. Mr. Ren Yong, Ms. Li Shimeng and P&H Holdings are deemed to be interested in the Shares collectively held
        by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

(4)     Mr. REN Weidong is the brother of Mr. REN Jinsheng and holds the entire equity interest in Right Wealth. Mr. REN
        Weidong and Right Wealth are the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and are deemed to be interested in the Shares
        collectively held by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   71
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     (5)    Ms. Ren Zhen is the sister of Mr. Ren Jinsheng. She is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders and is deemed to be
            interested in the Shares collectively held by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

     (6)    Ms. Peng Suqin is the mother of Mr. Ren Yong and is one of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders. Ms. Peng Suqin is
            deemed to be interested in the 1,775,828,668 Shares collectively held by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders.

     (7)    Artking directly holds 592,810,031 Shares and is deemed to be interested in 1,183,018,637 Shares, including (i)
            938,431,689 Shares directly held by SPHL, a controlled corporation of Artking; and (ii) an aggregate of 244,586,948
            Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng and are
            deemed to be acting in concert with Artking under the Takeovers Code.

     (8)    Simcere Holding is deemed to be interested in 1,775,828,668 Shares, including (i) 938,431,689 Shares directly held by
            SPHL, a controlled corporation of Simcere Holding; (ii) an aggregate of 837,396,979 Shares, which comprised of (a)
            592,810,031 Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; and (b) an
            aggregate of 244,586,948 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr.
            Ren Jinsheng. Artking, SIG and FFI are deemed to be acting in concert with Simcere Holding under the Takeovers Code.
            Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director of Simcere Holding

     (9)    Excel Investments is deemed to be interested in 1,775,828,668 Shares, including (i) 938,431,689 Shares directly held by
            SPHL, a controlled corporation of Excel Investments; and (ii) an aggregate of 837,396,979 Shares, which comprises of (a)
            592,810,031 Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; and (b) an
            aggregate of 244,586,948 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by Mr.
            Ren Jinsheng. Artking, SIG and FFI are deemed to be acting in concert with Excel Investments under the Takeovers Code.
            Mr. REN Jinsheng is the director of Excel Investments.

     (10)   SPHL directly holds 938,431,689 Shares and is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 837,396,979 Shares, including
            (i) 592,810,031 Shares directly held by Artking, a company controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders; and (ii)
            an aggregate of 244,586,948 Shares directly or indirectly held by SIG and FFI, both of which are companies controlled by
            Mr. Ren Jinsheng. Artking, SIG and FFI are deemed to be acting in concert with SPHL under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN
            Jinsheng is the director of SPHL.

     (11)   SIG directly held 116,259,578 Shares and is deemed to be interested in 1,659,569,090 Shares, including (i) 120,961,370
            Shares and 7,366,000 Shares directly held by FFI and Nanjing BioSciKin Technology, both of which are controlled
            corporations of SIG and ultimately controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng; and (ii) an aggregate of 1,531,241,720 Shares directly
            held by SPHL and Artking, both of which are deemed to be acting in concert with SIG under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN
            Jinsheng is the director of SIG.

     (12)   FFI directly held 120,961,370 Shares and is deemed to be interested in 1,654,867,298 Shares directly or indirectly held
            by SPHL, Artking and SIG, all of which are deemed to be acting in concert with FFI under the Takeovers Code. Mr. REN
            Jinsheng is the director of FFI.

     Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2025, so far as is known to the Directors, there was no other
     person (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position
     in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions
     of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
     Company under Section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.




72   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT




SUFFICIENT PUBLIC FLOAT

In accordance with Rule 8.08(1)(d) of the Listing Rules, the Stock Exchange has granted the Company
a waiver and accepted a lower public float of 15.45% of the Company’s issued share capital. During the
Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, according to the public information obtainable by
the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained the minimum public float
to the extent permitted by the Stock Exchange.


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The AGM will be held on Friday, June 12, 2026. A notice convening the AGM will be published and
dispatched to the Shareholders in the manner required by the Listing Rules in due course.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

For the purpose of ascertaining the Shareholders’ eligibility to attend and vote at the AGM, the register
of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, June 9, 2026 to Friday, June 12, 2026 (both
days inclusive), during which no transfer of Shares will be registered. The record date will be Friday,
June 12, 2026. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all transfer documents accompanied
by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, June 8,
2026.

In order to determine the entitlement of Shareholders to the proposed final dividend, the register of
members of the Company will be closed from Friday, June 19, 2026, to Wednesday, June 24, 2026 (both
days inclusive), during which no transfer of Shares will be registered. The record date will be Wednesday,
June 24, 2026. All transfer documents together with the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the
Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops
1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong for registration not
later than 4:30 pm on Thursday, June 18, 2026.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Details of the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the section
of “Corporate Governance Report” of this annual report.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   73
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     REVIEW BY AUDIT COMMITTEE

     The Audit Committee has reviewed the financial reporting processes, risk management and internal
     control systems of the Group and the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended
     December 31, 2025, and is of the opinion that these statements have complied with the applicable
     accounting standards, the Listing Rules and legal requirements, and that adequate disclosure has been
     made.


     AUDITOR

     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 have been audited by KPMG,
     which will retire at the conclusion of the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-
     appointment. A resolution on the re-appointment of KPMG as the auditor of the Company will be proposed
     at the forthcoming AGM.




                                                                              For and on behalf of the Board

                                                                                           Mr. REN Jinsheng

                                                                            (Executive Director and Chairman)



                                                                                              March 25, 2026




74   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2025 (the “Year”).


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

The Group is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principles
of the Group’s corporate governance are to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high
standard of ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business, so as to ensure that
its business and operation are conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, enhance the
transparency of the Board and strengthen the accountability to all Shareholders. The Group’s corporate
governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions prescribed in the Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).

Save as disclosed in this report, the Group has complied with the code provisions contained in Part 2 of the
CG Code during the Year.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

The Board is collectively responsible for performing the corporate governance functions set out in Code
Provision A.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code, including at least the followings:

•    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

•    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and
     senior management;

•    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements;

•    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
     employees and the directors; and

•    to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the annual report.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board has reviewed and monitored the above-mentioned
corporate governance functions.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Group has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
“Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the Group’s code of conduct regarding
the Directors’ securities transactions. Having made specific enquiry of all of the Directors, all Directors
confirmed that they have strictly complied with the Model Code during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   75
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     THE BOARD

     Responsibilities of the Board

     The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Group’s businesses,
     strategic decisions and performance, and is collectively responsible for promoting the success of the
     Company by directing and supervising its affairs.

     The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to the management
     by laying down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and
     financial performance, and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.
     The Board has delegated to the Board committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of
     reference.


     Delegation of Management Functions

     The major powers and functions of the Board include but not limited to convening the general meetings,
     reporting its work at the general meetings, implementing the resolutions passed at the general meetings,
     considering and approving the operating plans and investment plans of the Company, formulating the
     Company’s strategic development plans, formulating profit distribution plans and plans on making up
     losses, as well as exercising other powers and functions as conferred by the Articles of Association of the
     Company (the “Articles of Association”). The Directors are responsible for preparing the accounts.

     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and advices from the joint
     company secretaries (the “Joint Company Secretaries”) and senior management of the Company and may,
     where appropriate, request to seek independent professional advice for discharging their duties to the
     Company.

     The Board is responsible for making decisions on strategic plans, major investment decisions and other
     significant operational issues of the Company, while responsibilities for implementing decisions of the
     Board, day-to-day management, administration and operation of the Company are delegated to the senior
     management. The delegated functions and tasks are subject to regular review. Prior approvals shall be
     obtained from the Board for any major transaction.


     Composition of the Board

     As of the date of this report, the Board comprised eight Directors, including four executive Directors and
     four independent non-executive Directors. The list of members of the Board and their positions are set out
     below:


     Executive Directors

     Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman)
     Mr. TANG Renhong
     Mr. WAN Yushan (Chief Financial Officer and Joint Company Secretary)
     Ms. WANG Xi




76   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Independent Non-executive Directors:

Mr. SONG Ruilin
Mr. WANG Jianguo
Mr. WANG Xinhua
Mr. SUNG Ka Woon

The biographies of each Director are set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
Management” in this annual report.

All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable
business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning.
All Directors have carried out duties in good faith and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
and have acted in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders at all times.

Mr. REN Jinsheng, the Chairman and an executive Director, and Ms. WANG Xi, an executive Director, are
husband and wife. Apart from that, there is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other
material/relevant relationship(s)) among the Board members or the senior management of the Company.


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Under Code Provision C.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer
should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.

As of December 31, 2025, the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company were not
separated and Mr. REN Jinsheng currently performs these two roles. Mr. REN Jinsheng is the founder
of the Group, the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He has been
primarily responsible for developing the Group’s overall corporate business strategies and operation, as
well as making significant business and operational decisions. The Directors jointly consider that vesting
both the roles of the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company in Mr. REN
is beneficial to the Group’s business prospects by ensuring consistent leadership to the Group as well as
prompt and effective decision making and implementation. In addition, the Directors jointly believe that the
structure of Mr. REN performing both roles will not impair the balance of power and authority between the
Board and the management of the Company, given that: (i) any decision to be made by the Board requires
approval by at least a majority of Directors; (ii) Mr. REN and other Directors are aware of and undertake
to fulfill their fiduciary duties as Directors, which require, among other things, that he acts for the benefit
and in the best interests of the Company and will make decisions for the Company accordingly; (iii) as of
the date of this report, the balance of power and authority is ensured by the operations of the Board, which
consists of four executive Directors (including Mr. REN) and four independent non-executive Directors, and
has a fairly strong independence element; and (iv) the overall strategic and other key business, financial,
and operational policies of the Company are made collectively after thorough discussion at both Board and
senior management levels.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   77
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Independent Non-executive Directors

     The Board has been complying with the Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules relating to the
     appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors, with at least one of them possessing
     appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise. In
     addition, according to Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules, independent non-executive Directors must represent
     at least one-third of the Board. During the Year, the Company had four independent non-executive
     Directors, representing half of the members of the Board; therefore, the Company has complied with the
     relevant requirements.

     According to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, the independent non-executive Directors have made
     confirmations to the Company regarding their respective independence during the Year. Based on the
     confirmations of the independent non-executive Directors, the Company considers each of them to be
     independent during the Year.


     Appointment and Re-election

     Code Provision B.2.2 of the CG Code stipulates that every director, including those appointed for a specific
     term, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. The procedures and
     process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the Articles of Association.

     Each of the executive Directors, namely Mr. REN Jinsheng, Mr. TANG Renhong and Mr. WAN Yushan, has
     entered into a service contract with the Company on October 8, 2020, and renewed on June 15, 2023. Ms.
     WANG Xi, an executive Director, has entered into a service contract with the Company on January 18, 2023,
     and renewed on June 13, 2025. Each service contract is for a term of three years or until the third annual
     general meeting convened after the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. The service contract is
     subject to renewal pursuant to the Articles of Association and applicable laws, rules and regulations.

     Each of the independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. SONG Ruilin, Mr. WANG Xinhua and
     Mr. WANG Jianguo, has entered into an appointment letter with the Company on October 8, 2020, and
     renewed on June 15, 2023. Mr. SUNG Ka Woon, an independent non-executive Director, has entered
     into an appointment letter with the Company on January 18, 2023, and renewed on June 13, 2025. Each
     appointment letter is for a term of three years or until the third annual general meeting convened after
     the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. The appointment letter is subject to renewal pursuant to the
     Articles of Association and applicable laws, rules and regulations.




78   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Pursuant to Article 111(a) of the Articles of Association, subject to the provisions of the Articles of
Association, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their
number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but greater than one-third, shall
retire from office by rotation. Subject to the provisions of the Ordinance, the Listing Rules and the Articles
of Association, the Directors to retire in every year shall be those who have been longest in office since
their last election, and as between persons who became Directors on the same day, the Directors to
retire shall (unless otherwise agreed by themselves) be determined by lot. Every Director, including those
appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement at least once every three years.

Pursuant to Article 111(a) of the Articles of Association, Mr. TANG Renhong, Mr. WAN Yushan and Mr.
SONG Ruilin will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for
re-election at the annual general meeting.


BOARD MEETINGS AND GENERAL MEETINGS

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company held a total of eight Board meetings. At the Board
meetings, the Board discussed a wide range of matters, including the Group’s overall strategies, business
prospects, financial and operating performance, approval of the Group’s annual and interim results
announcements and reports, regulatory compliance, corporate governance and other material matters.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company convened one annual general meeting. The
attendance of the below meetings by each Director is as follows:

                                             Board meetings                   Annual general meeting
                                       No. of Board                        No. of annual
                                          meetings                               general
                                           attended                              meeting         Attendance
                                         in person/        Attendance         attended in    rate of annual
                                          by proxy/      rate of Board           person/            general
 Name of the Director                     convened           meetings          convened             meeting
 Executive Directors:
 Mr. REN Jinsheng                              8/0/8             100%                 1/1              100%
 Mr. TANG Renhong                              8/0/8             100%                 1/1              100%
 Mr. WAN Yushan                                8/0/8             100%                 1/1              100%
 Ms. WANG Xi                                   8/0/8             100%                 1/1              100%


 Independent non-executive
   Directors:
 Mr. SONG Ruilin                               8/0/8             100%                 1/1              100%
 Mr. WANG Jianguo                              8/0/8             100%                 1/1              100%
 Mr. WANG Xinhua                               8/0/8             100%                 1/1              100%
 Mr. SUNG Ka Woon                              8/0/8             100%                 1/1              100%




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   79
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Company fully complies with the Code Provision C.5.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code and adopts the practice
     of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at approximately quarterly intervals.
     Notices of not less than fourteen days are given for all regular Board meetings to provide all Directors with
     an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a regular meeting.

     For other Board and Board Committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. The agenda and
     accompanying board papers are dispatched to the Directors or Board Committee members at least three
     days before the meetings to ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and are adequately
     prepared for the meetings. When Directors or Board Committee members are unable to attend a meeting,
     they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known to
     the chairman prior to the meeting. Minutes of meetings are kept by the Joint Company Secretaries with
     copies circulated to all Directors for information and records.

     Minutes of the Board meetings and Board Committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail about
     the matters considered by the Board and Board Committees and the decisions reached, including any
     concerns raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of each Board meeting and Board Committee meeting
     are sent to the Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is
     convened. Minutes of the Board meetings are open for inspection by Directors. All Directors shall obtain
     information related to the Board resolutions in a comprehensive and timely manner, and may seek
     independent professional advice at the Company’s expense after making reasonable request to the Board.


     TRAINING AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS

     Each newly appointed director shall be provided with necessary induction and information to ensure
     that he/she has a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as his/her
     responsibilities under relevant statues, laws, rules and regulations (if appointed). In addition, the Company
     also arranges regular seminars and provides Directors with updates on latest development and changes
     in the Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors
     are also provided with regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable
     the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties. The Company encourages Directors to
     participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.

     During the Year, all directors have received directors’ training through written materials. Directors’
     training is mainly about updates on regulatory compliance of listed companies in Hong Kong, continuing
     obligations of listed companies, responsibilities of Directors, environmental, social and governance
     (ESG) disclosure requirements and value of sustainable development, regulation practices on disclosing
     information of listed companies and employee incentive schemes, etc.




80   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                              Attending or participating
                                                                                  in relevant seminars/
 Name of the Director                                                        reading relevant materials
 Executive Directors:
 Mr. REN Jinsheng                                                                                      ✓
 Mr. TANG Renhong                                                                                      ✓
 Mr. WAN Yushan                                                                                        ✓
 Ms. WANG Xi                                                                                           ✓


 Independent non-executive Directors:
 Mr. SONG Ruilin                                                                                       ✓
 Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                      ✓
 Mr. WANG Xinhua                                                                                       ✓
 Mr. SUNG Ka Woon                                                                                      ✓


COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Audit Committee

The Group established an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) with written terms of reference in
compliance with the CG Code. The main duties of the Audit Committee are to review and supervise the
financial reporting process and internal control system of our Group, oversee the audit process, review
and oversee the existing and potential risks of the Group and perform other duties and responsibilities as
assigned by the Board.

The Audit Committee consists of three members, all of which are independent non-executive Directors,
namely Mr. WANG Xinhua, Mr. SONG Ruilin and Mr. WANG Jianguo. The chairperson of the Audit
Committee is Mr. WANG Xinhua. Mr. WANG Xinhua possesses the appropriate professional qualifications
and accounting and related financial management expertise.

In accordance with the written terms of reference of the Audit Committee, it should convene at least two
meetings in each fiscal year.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025   81
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     During the Year, the Company held four meetings of the Audit Committee, the major works include: (i)
     review and discuss the report to the Audit Committee prepared by the auditors, KPMG, and the matters
     the Audit Committee should pay attention to as recommended by the auditors; (ii) review and discuss
     the Report of the Risk Management and Internal Control Systems and to review the risk management
     (including ESG risks) and internal control systems of the Group; (iii) review and discuss the draft audited
     consolidated financial statements; the draft annual results announcement and the draft annual report
     of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 and, if appropriate, make recommendations to the
     Board; (iv) review and discuss the draft of letter of representation prepared by the auditors, KPMG and
     make recommendations to the Board; (v) consider and make recommendations to the Board on the
     reappointment of KPMG as the Company’s independent external auditors for a term until the conclusion
     of the next annual general meeting of the Company; (vi) review and discuss the draft unaudited interim
     consolidated financial statements, the draft interim results announcement and the draft interim report
     of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2025, and make suggestions to the Board of Directors,
     if appropriate; and (vii) review the discloseable transactions, connected transactions and continuing
     connected transactions conducted up to the date of this report.

     During the year of 2025, the Audit Committee held two meetings with the external auditor without the
     attendance of executive Directors, to discuss the Group’s annual financial results for 2024, interim
     financial results for 2025 and the annual audit plan.

     The attendance record of members of the Audit Committee is listed in the table below:

                                                                                              No. of meetings
                                                                                          attended in person/
                                                                                             in proxy by other
      Name of the members of the committee                                                Directors/convened
      Mr. WANG Xinhua (Chairman)                                                                         4/0/4
      Mr. SONG Ruilin                                                                                    4/0/4
      Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                   4/0/4

     The Audit Committee held a meeting on March 25, 2026 to review the annual financial results for 2025
     and re-appoint the external auditor. The audited annual results of the Group for the year ended December
     31, 2025 have been reviewed by the Audit Committee, which is of the opinion that the preparation of the
     relevant financial statements complies with the applicable accounting standards and requirements and
     that adequate disclosures have been made. Members of the Audit Committee have reviewed the accounting
     principles and practices adopted by the Group and discussed auditing, internal control, risk management
     (including ESG risks) and financial reporting matters including the review of the annual results and the
     consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025.




82   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Remuneration and Appraisal Committee

In accordance with the CG Code, the Company has established a Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
(the “Remuneration and Appraisal Committee”) with written terms of reference. The primary duties of
the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are to establish, review and make recommendations to our
Directors on our policy and structure concerning remuneration of our Directors and senior management
and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies concerning such
remuneration, assess the performance of executive directors, determine and approve the terms of the
specific services contract remuneration package of each executive Director and senior management and
review and approve remuneration by reference to corporate goals and objectives resolved by our Directors
from time-to-time; and review and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the
Listing Rules.

As of December 31, 2025, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee consists of five members, including
three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. WANG Jianguo, Mr. WANG Xinhua, Mr. SUNG Ka
Woon, and two executive Directors, namely Mr. REN Jinsheng and Mr. WAN Yushan. The chairperson of the
Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is Mr. WANG Jianguo.

During the Year, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held four meetings to consider and make
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration policies and structure of the Company, remuneration
and other benefits of the Directors and senior management, to consider the grant of RSUs under the 2021
RSU Scheme and other related matters.

The attendance record of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is listed in the table
below:

                                                                                       No. of meetings
                                                                                   attended in person/
                                                                                     in proxy by other
 Name of the members of the committee                                              Directors/convened
 Mr. WANG Jianguo (Chairman)                                                                      4/0/4
 Mr. WANG Xinhua                                                                                  4/0/4
 Mr. SUNG Ka Woon                                                                                 4/0/4
 Mr. REN Jinsheng                                                                                 4/0/4
 Mr. WAN Yushan                                                                                   4/0/4




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025   83
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Pursuant to the Code Provision E.1.5 of Part 2 of the CG Code, the following table sets out the total
     remuneration (excluding equity-settled share expenses) of Directors and senior management members for
     the year ended December 31, 2025 by the relevant remuneration band only:

                                                                                   Number of             Total
                                                                   Number of           senior       number of
      Group      Remuneration (RMB)                                 Directors   management         individuals
      1          0-1,000,000                                                4                –               4
      2          1,500,001-2,000,000                                        1                –               1
      3          2,500,001-3,000,000                                        –                1               1
      4          3,000,001-3,500,000                                        –                1               1
      5          4,000,001-4,500,000                                        –                1               1
      6          5,500,001-6,000,000                                        –                1               1
      7          6,000,001-6,500,000                                        1                1               2
      8          8,000,001-8,500,000                                        1                –               1
      9          9,500,001-10,000,000                                       1                –               1

     Further details of the Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid employees required to be disclosed
     under Appendix D2 of the Listing Rules are set out in Notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements.


     Nomination Committee

     In accordance with the CG Code, the Company has established a Nomination Committee (the “Nomination
     Committee”) with written terms of reference. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to
     review the structure, size and composition of the Board and senior management on a regular basis and
     make recommendations to the Board regarding any proposed changes to the composition of the Board and
     senior management, identify, select or make recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals
     nominated for directorship and senior management members, ensure the diversity of the Board and
     senior management members, assess the independence of our independent non-executive Directors and
     make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating to the appointment, reappointment and
     removal of our Directors and senior management members and succession planning for our Directors and
     senior management members.

     As of December 31, 2025, the Nomination Committee consists of five members, including three
     independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. SONG Ruilin, Mr. WANG Jianguo, Mr. SUNG Ka
     Woon, and two executive Directors, namely Mr. REN Jinsheng and Ms. WANG Xi. The chairperson of the
     Nomination Committee is Mr. SONG Ruilin.




84   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




During the Year, the Nomination Committee held two meetings to review the structure, size and
composition of the Board, review the Board diversity policy and its progress, assess the independence
of the independent non-executive Directors and make recommendations to the Board on re-election
of the retiring directors at the annual general meeting. The Nomination Committee will consider the
diversity of Board members from a variety of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural
and educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge, length of service and industry
and regional experience. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be
considered against criteria including talents, skills and experience as may be necessary for the operation
of the Board as a whole, with a view to maintaining a sound balance of the Board’s composition.

The attendance record of members of the Nomination Committee is listed in the table below:

                                                                                        No. of meetings
                                                                                    attended in person/
                                                                                       in proxy by other
 Name of the members of the committee                                               Directors/convened
 Mr. SONG Ruilin (Chairman)                                                                         2/0/2
 Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                   2/0/2
 Mr. SUNG Ka Woon                                                                                   2/0/2
 Mr. REN Jinsheng                                                                                   2/0/2
 Ms. WANG Xi                                                                                        2/0/2


Strategy Committee

The Company has established a Strategy Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the
requirements under the Listing Rules.

The Strategy Committee consists of three members, including two executive Directors, namely Mr. REN
Jinsheng and Mr. TANG Renhong, and one independent non-executive Director, namely Mr. WANG Jianguo.
The chairperson of the Strategy Committee is Mr. REN Jinsheng.

The primary duties of the Strategy Committee are to review and make suggestions in respect of mid-
to long-term development strategies, annual operation plans, major investments and financings, major
business reorganization as well as business and market expansion, and formulation and implementation
of ESG goals of the Company.

During the Year, the Strategy Committee held three meetings to assess industry trends, review operating
condition, explore long-term planning of the Company, formulate corresponding ESG plans and implement
ESG goals.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025   85
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The attendance record of members of the Strategy Committee is listed in the table below:

                                                                                                   No. of meetings
                                                                                               attended in person/
                                                                                                 in proxy by other
         Name of the members of the committee                                                  Directors/convened
         Mr. REN Jinsheng (Chairman)                                                                          3/0/3
         Mr. TANG Renhong                                                                                     3/0/3
         Mr. WANG Jianguo                                                                                     3/0/3


     Directors Nomination Policy

     In accordance with the Company’s director nomination policy, the Nomination Committee shall consider
     the following criteria in evaluating and selecting candidates for directorship:

     •      Skills, experience and expertise: The candidate should possess the skills, knowledge, experience and
            expertise which are relevant to the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries.

     •      Diversity: Candidates should be considered on merit and against objective criteria, with due regard to
            the diversity perspectives set out in the Board diversity policy of the Company.

     •      Commitment: The candidate should be able to devote sufficient time to attend Board meetings and
            participate in induction, trainings and other Board associated activities. In particular, if the proposed
            candidate will be nominated as an independent non-executive Director and will be holding his/her
            seventh(or more) listed company directorship, the Nomination Committee should consider the reason
            given by the candidate for being able to devote sufficient time to the Board and Board Committee
            meetings.

     •      Standing: The candidate must satisfy the Board and the Stock Exchange that he/she has the
            character, experience and integrity to serve as a Director, and is able to demonstrate a standard of
            competence commensurate with the relevant position as a Director.

     •      Independence: For the candidate who is proposed as an independent non-executive Director, he
            or she must satisfy all the independence requirements as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.
            Where appropriate, the Nomination Committee shall also evaluate the education, qualifications and
            experience of the candidates in a holistic manner to consider whether they possess appropriate
            professional qualifications, accounting or related financial management expertise to act as
            independent non-executive Directors.

     The Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Directors nomination
     policy and reviewing the nomination policy from time to time as appropriate to ensure the effectiveness of
     the nomination policy.




86   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Nomination Committee will recommend to the Board for the appointment of directors (including
independent non-executive Directors) in accordance with the following nomination procedures:

•    If the Nomination Committee determines that additional appointment or replacement of the
     Director(s) is required, the Committee may take such measures that it considers appropriate in
     connection with its identification and evaluation of a candidate;

•    The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate recommended or offered for
     nomination by the Shareholders of the Group as a nominee for election to the Board and the
     appointment or reappointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors is subject to the
     approval of the Board;

•    On making recommendation, the Nomination Committee may submit the candidate’s personal profile
     and a proposal to the Board for the Board’s consideration. In order to be a valid proposal, the proposal
     must clearly indicate the nominating intention and the candidate’s consent to be nominated and the
     personal profile must incorporate and/or accompanied by the full particulars of the candidate that
     are required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules, including the information and/or confirmation
     required under Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules. If the candidate is proposed to be appointed as an
     independent non-executive Director, his or her independence shall be assessed in accordance with
     the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, subject to any amendments as may be made by
     the Stock Exchange from time to time;

•    The Board shall observe its Board diversity policy and shall, subject to merit and suitability, continue
     in its endeavours to introduce more diversity into the Board, taking into account professional
     experience and qualifications, gender, age, cultural and educational background, and any other
     factors that the Board might consider relevant and applicable from time to time towards achieving
     Board diversity; and

•    Each proposed new appointment, election or re-election of a Director shall be assessed and/or
     considered against the criteria and qualifications set out in the nomination policy by the Nomination
     Committee which shall recommend its views to the Board and/or the Shareholders for consideration
     and determination.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Directors nomination
policy and reviewing the nomination policy from time to time as appropriate to ensure the effectiveness of
the nomination policy.

WORKFORCE DIVERSITY

The Company formulated workforce diversity policy during the Reporting Period. The Group is committed
to creating an inclusive, diverse, and supportive workplace where all employees, regardless of gender,
sexual orientation, religious belief, age, marital status, professional and work experience, cultural and
educational background, length of service and industry experience or other characteristics protected by
applicable laws, are valued, respected, and treated fairly with equal access to opportunities.

The Company will strive to maintain the predetermined level of 20% female senior management and 20%
female employees. The Nomination Committee shall monitor the Company’s progress on its effort to
embed the principles of diversity within its workplace, discuss and consider the measurable objectives set
for implementing workforce diversity policy and the process made in achieving the measurable objectives
(in particular, the gender diversity targets) annually, and may recommend revisions to the Board for
approval.

                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   87
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     THE MECHANISM WHERE THE BOARD CAN OBTAIN INDEPENDENT VIEWS AND ADVICE

     The Board has adopted a mechanism where the Board can obtain independent views and advice on
     August 31, 2022. Such mechanism aims at facilitating the Company to establish a mechanism to ensure
     the Board to possess stronger independent elements, which will be one of the key factors to enhance the
     Board’s efficiency. The Board shall review the execution and effect of this policy once a year. The Board has
     reviewed the mechanism where the Board can obtain independent views and advice on March 24, 2025, and
     the Board is of the opinion that the mechanism where the Board can obtain independent views and advice
     is effective.

     In the mechanism where the Board can obtain independent views and advice, the considerations for the
     Board to obtain independent views and advice are as follows:


     (a)   Channels for the Directors to Seek Advice from Independent Professional Consultants

           According to the requirements of code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code in Appendix C1
           to the Listing Rules, the Board shall agree on a procedure to enable the Directors, upon reasonable
           request, to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the issuer’s
           expense. The Board shall resolve to provide separate independent professional advice to the
           Directors to assist them to perform their responsibilities to the issuer. The Nomination Committee
           and the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee shall also be provided sufficient resources by the
           issuer to perform their duties.

           For this purpose, the Directors, members of the Nomination Committee or members of the
           Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Company can seek independent professional
           advice according to the following procedures at the Company’s expense, so as to perform their
           responsibilities:

           •    A Director makes reasonable request to the secretary to the Board and specify reasons and the
                responsibilities to be performed.

           •    Upon receiving the request from a Director, the secretary to the Board shall report to the
                Chairman of the Board or designated authorised Director as soon as practicable and propose to
                the Board for granting approval of such request.

           •    After the Board resolves to approve the relevant requests, the secretary to the Board shall make
                relevant arrangements as soon as possible to appoint a professional consultant. The selected
                professional consultant shall be agreed by the Chairman of the Board or designated authorised
                Director and the Director who make the requisition, and shall not be the consultant used to be
                engaged by the Company.

           •    The secretary to the Board shall arrange the independent professional consultants to provide
                advice.

           •    The secretary to the Board shall report the relevant arrangements to the Board and keep
                records.

           If the Board and the Director who makes the requisition cannot reach consensus on the appointment
           of professional consultant, the decision of the Board shall be final and binding.


88   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




(b)   Seeking Information by Directors

      For the matters to be discussed on Board meetings, the Directors have the right to seek further
      information and documents from the management. The Directors shall also perform due diligence
      and make independent judgments themselves and shall not solely rely on professional advisers or
      the information volunteered by the management. To assist the Directors to duly perform their duties
      and timely discover potential issues, the management shall also provide all relevant documents and
      information to the Directors, including but not limited to:

      •    board papers and background information;

      •    disclosure documents;

      •    specific project plans and budgets;

      •    projections and monthly financial updates; and

      •    supporting information of new project proposals by management.


(c)   Qualifications of Independent Non-executive Directors

      The Nomination Committee and the Board nominates and appoints independent non-executive
      Directors according to the nomination policy of the Company. When considering independent non-
      executive Directors, apart from taking into account their independence as required under the Listing
      Rules, the Company will also consider whether they are industry practitioners or experts in the
      Company’s business, or have other skills and experience in other areas (e.g. laws and accounting), so
      as to enhance the Board members’ composition of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives.

      Independent non-executive Directors shall possess the following functions to provide independent
      views and advices:

      •    keeping abreast of the latest information of the businesses of the Company, participating
           in supervising the Company’s performance on achieving established corporate goals and
           objectives and monitoring relevant reporting process;

      •    providing independent advice on issues of strategy, policy, corporate performance,
           accountability, resources, key appointments and standards of conduct, and assist in reviewing
           certain major decisions of the Board and the Company’s performance on corporate goals as well
           as monitoring relevant reporting process;

      •    taking the lead where potential conflicts of interests arise; and

      •    serving as a member of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the
           Nomination Committee and other governance committees, if invited.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   89
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     (d)   Number of Independent Non-executive Directors and the Time Committed

           •    The Board shall include a balanced composition of executive and non-executive Directors
                (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element
                on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment. There shall be at least
                three independent non-executive Directors among the Board members (one of whom must
                have appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management
                expertise) and the independent non-executive Directors shall represent at least one-third of the
                Board, so as to comply with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

           •    The independent non-executive Directors shall ensure to devote sufficient time and energy to
                handle such tasks and shall fully engage in the Company’s affairs in the Board and other time
                after the meeting. The independent non-executive Directors who hold directorships in a number
                of companies or hold important positions in the government or non-profit organizations shall
                devote sufficient attention to the Board and Board committees.

           •    If the proposed independent non-executive Directors will be holding their seventh (or more)
                directorships in listed companies, the Board shall comprehensively considers and explain in
                the shareholder circular why the Board believes such individual would still be able to devote
                sufficient time to the Board.

           •    The Chairman of the Board shall hold at least one meeting with the independent non-executive
                Directors without the presence of other Directors annually to discuss any doubts or concerns.

           •    The independent non-executive Directors shall attend general meetings, Board meetings and
                committee meetings which they serve as a committee member. If they are unable to attend such
                meetings, it is necessary for them to provide reasons to the Board and relevant committees and
                make relevant records.


     (e)   Remuneration

           The independent non-executive Directors have not received equity-based remuneration with
           performance-related elements (e.g. share options or share awards), as this may lead to bias in their
           decision-making and compromise their objectivity and independence.


     BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

     The Company has adopted a Board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain
     an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board that are relevant to the Company’s business
     growth. The selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not
     limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills,
     knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be based on merits and contributions that the
     selected candidates will bring to the Board.




90   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including overall management and strategic
development, business operation, accounting and financial management, pharmaceutical research and
development. They obtained degrees in various majors or certifications, including in economics, business
administration, marketing, law, accounting and pharmacy. The Company has four independent non-
executive Directors with different industry backgrounds, representing more than one-third of the Board.
In addition, the Board has a wide range of age, ranging from 43 years old to 70 years old. In 2025, the
Board of the Company was composed of seven male Directors and one female Director. The Company
has adopted certain measures at all levels (including but not limited to the Board and management
levels) to promote gender diversity. Currently, there is one female Director in the Board, representing a
female representation of approximately 12%. At the same time, the Company will continue to take steps
to promote gender diversity at all levels of the Company, including but not limited to the Board and the
management levels. Going forward, the Company will consider the possibility of nominating more female
senior management to the Board or appointing a female independent non-executive Director who has the
necessary skills and experience. The Company targets to achieve 20% female representation in the Board
in the coming two years, subject to the Directors (i) being satisfied with the competence and experience
of the relevant candidates after a comprehensive review process based on reasonable criteria; and (ii)
fulfilling their fiduciary duties to act in the best interest of the Company and our Shareholders as a whole
when deliberating on the appointment. To develop a pipeline of potential female successors to the Board,
the Company will (i) ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior levels; and
(ii) engage more resources in training female staff with the aim of promoting them to be members of our
senior management or the Board.

As at December 31, 2025, male employees accounted for 47.8% and female employees accounted for 52.2%
of all employees (including senior management) of the Group. We are committed to creating favorable
conditions in our working environment to hire more staff and promote more women to hold senior
management positions based on the qualifications, experience and skills required for those positions. In
addition, we may face the issue of whether the supply of female personnel in the human resources market
matches the academic qualifications, experience and skills required for positions within the Group. Despite
these challenges, we are still moving towards gender balance.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for ensuring the diversity of the Board. The Nomination
Committee will monitor the implementation of the diversity policy and review the Board diversity policy
from time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness. The Board has reviewed the Board diversity policy
on March 24, 2025 and the Board is of the opinion that the implementation of Board diversity policy is
effective.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   91
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The graph below sets forth the diversity profile of the Board as at December 31, 2025:
           No. of Directors
     8
                                                       Female                                                                       7-8
     7
                               Independent
     6                        non-executive                                    61–70
                                 Directors
     5
                                                                                                                                    3-4
     4                                                                                                Chinese
                                                        Male
     3                                                                         51–60

                               Executive
     2                         Directors

     1                                                                         41–50                                                0-1

     0
                Designation                   Gender                Age                   Ethnicity          Length of service(i)

     Note:

     (i)     The length of service is calculated from the date of appointment of the Director(s) by the Company to December 31, 2025.


     COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Mr. WAN Yushan, an executive Director and the chief financial officer of the Company, serves as a Joint
     Company Secretary of the Company. Mr. WAN Yushan is responsible for making recommendations and
     proposals to the Board on issues related to corporate governance, and ensuring that Board policies and
     procedures as well as applicable laws, rules and regulations are strictly followed.

     In order to maintain sound corporate governance and to ensure compliance with the Listing Rules and
     applicable Hong Kong laws, the Company also appointed Ms. WONG Wai Ling of SWCS Corporate Services
     Group (Hong Kong) Limited, as the Company’s Joint Company Secretary, to assist Mr. WAN Yushan in
     discharging the duties of a company secretary. Mr. WAN Yushan has attended trainings on, among other
     things, laws and regulations, Listing Rules, director duties, rules on information disclosure, rules on
     connected transactions, notifiable transactions, equity management of securities companies, directors’
     and supervisors’ securities dealings, disclosure of interests, market misconduct and the implementation
     of relevant internal policies.

     During the year ended December 31, 2025, each of Mr. WAN Yushan and Ms. WONG Wai Ling has received
     not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training respectively.

     As at the date of this annual report, Ms. WONG Wai Ling has resigned as Joint Company Secretary of the
     Company and Ms. Mak Po Man Cherie has been appointed in her place as Joint Company Secretary with
     effect from March 25, 2026. Mr. WAN Yushan will remain as the other Joint Company Secretary. The Stock
     Exchange has confirmed that Mr. Wan has satisfied the requirements under Rule 3.28 of the Listing Rules
     of the Stock Exchange and is qualified to act as the company secretary of the Company.

     All directors have access to advice and services from the joint company secretaries in relation to corporate
     governance and Board practices.



92   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company formulated the dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) during the Reporting Period. In
determining the distribution of dividends, the Board shall assess and declare dividends after taking into
comprehensive consideration the Company’s profit performance, cash flow position, future operations and
earnings, capital requirements and surplus, overall financial condition, contractual restrictions, and such
other factors as the Directors may deem relevant. Any declaration and payment as well as the amount of
dividends will be subject to Articles of Association and the Companies Ordinance, including the approval of
our Shareholders.

The Board shall be responsible for formulating the dividend distribution plan, taking into account specific
factors such as the industry characteristics of the Company, the stage of the Company’s development, and
its capital requirements when proposing the preliminary dividend distribution proposal. In the event that
the Company is unable to determine the dividend distribution plan for the relevant year in accordance with
the Dividend Policy due to exceptional external circumstances or its own operational needs, the Company
shall give full consideration to the interests of shareholders and shall disclose the specific reasons and
provide an explanation. As of the date of this annual report, all dividend decisions made by the Board were
made in accordance with the Company’s dividend policy.


LIABILITY INSURANCE FOR DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The Company has maintained insurance for all the directors and senior management members to
minimum the potential risks which may occur to them during their normal performance of duties.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors confirm their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2025.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties involving events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The statement of the Company’s
independent auditor regarding its reporting responsibilities on the financial statements is included in the
Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 109 to 116 of this annual report.


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company appointed KPMG as its independent auditors. The
total fees paid/payable for audit and non-audit services provided by the Group’s independent auditors
for the year ended December 31, 2025, excluding disbursements made on behalf of the Company, are as
follows:

 Service provided                                                          Fees paid/payable (RMB’000)
 Audit services of the Company                                                                      4,300
 Other audit related and non-audit services                                                         2,705




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   93
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     The overall objectives of the Group’s risk management are to ensure that risks are controlled within
     an acceptable limits appropriate to the overall objectives, to ensure compliance with relevant laws and
     regulations, to ensure the implementation of the Group’s relevant rules and regulations and major
     measures taken to achieve business objectives, to ensure the effectiveness of management, to improve the
     efficiency and effectiveness of business activities, to reduce uncertainty in achieving business objectives, to
     ensure that a crisis management plan is in place for subsequent management upon occurrence of various
     significant risks and to ensure that the Company is free of significant loss arising from catastrophic risks
     or human error. Our risk management system follows the principles of comprehensiveness, prudence,
     independence, effectiveness and timeliness to ensure the optimized use of the system.

     The Group’s risk management process consists of five steps: risk identification, risk assessment, risk
     management strategy selection, risk response and rectification and risk management supervision and
     improvement. Our internal audit function is performed by the compliance and audit department, which
     reports directly to the Audit Committee. The Group has separately set an audit department directly
     reporting to the compliance and audit department, which conducts routine random audits and special
     audits in accordance with the regulations of each business functions of the Company. In respect of regular
     random audits, the compliance and audit department prepares the audit plan for the coming year on an
     annual basis, and carries out the relevant works as per the scheduled timetable. In addition to the regular
     audits, the compliance and audit department also conducts special audits from time to time based on
     particular reports and issues identified during the regular random audits. Notices would be issued and
     notified, in different levels, in respect of the issues identified during the regular random audits and special
     audits from time to time by the compliance and audit department depending on the seriousness of the
     incidents.

     Each business entity of the Group is responsible for identifying, assessing and managing the risks within its
     scope of business. They will develop their respective internal control system for effective risk management
     and develop action plans to manage the risks catering for the risks identified and assessed, so as to ensure
     that the associated risks are effectively controlled in line with the Group’s risk appetite.

     Management is responsible for monitoring the Group’s risk management and internal control activities and
     holds regular meetings with the business entities to ensure that key risks have been properly managed and
     newly identified or evolving risks have been identified. Besides, the internal control and compliance related
     departments will also monitor the internal operations of the Group from time to time.

     The Board is responsible for examining and reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s
     risk management and internal control systems, including financial monitoring, operating monitoring and
     compliance monitoring. The Board also is responsible for reviewing the annual report and taking advice
     from the Audit Committee.

     The Group is committed to fostering an open and trustworthy whistleblowing environment to prevent and
     eliminate internal corruption, bribery and other improper matters. The Company strictly implements a
     case-by-case registration and encrypted storage procedure for all whistleblowing information, maintains
     strict control over the scope of personnel with access to such information, redacts the personal particulars
     of whistleblowers, and resolutely safeguards against any form of retaliation, thereby protecting the
     rights and interests of whistleblowers. The audit committee of the Company is responsible for reviewing
     arrangements that employees can use, in confidence, to raise concerns about possible improprieties in
     financial reporting, internal control or other matters, and for ensuring that proper arrangements are in
     place for the fair and independent investigation of these matters and for appropriate follow-up action.
     During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company continued to organize anti-corruption training and
     awareness sessions to cultivate a culture of integrity, and proactively conducted anti-corruption training
     and review exercises to ensure the effective implementation of relevant policies.


94   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Board reviews the effectiveness of risk management and internal control system once a year and
has reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system for the year ended
December 31, 2025 and has covered all important monitoring aspects, including financial monitoring,
operational monitoring and compliance monitoring, and the Board has obtained management’s
confirmation on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system of the Company. In
particular, the Board considered the resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes
and budget of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions as well as the
performance and reporting of environmental, social and governance to be adequate. The review was
conducted through discussions with the management of the Company, its external auditors and the
assessment performed by the Audit Committee. The Board is also of the opinion that there is neither
material failure of risk control, nor has it identified any major weakness in risk control. The Company
has strictly complied with the requirements under the Corporate Governance Code in relation to risk
management and internal control, and the Board assesses that the Company’s risk management and
internal control system is effective and adequate.

The Board acknowledges that it is accountable for the risk management and internal control systems and
has the responsibility to review the effectiveness of such systems. These systems are designed to manage,
not eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable, but not
absolute, assurance that there will be no material misrepresentation or loss. In addition, the Group will
still take further steps to improve its risk management and internal control systems continuously.

The Company is aware of its responsibilities under the SFO and the Listing Rules with respect to the
procedures and internal controls over the handling and dissemination of inside information, and the
overriding principle is that if some information is determined as inside information, it should be announced
as soon as reasonably practicable and handled with close regard to applicable laws and regulations.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

With the recognition of the importance of environmental protection to the pursuit of long-term sustainable
development, the Group has formulated various internal systems of energy conservation and emission
reduction and promoted energy conservation and emission reduction measures, including put forward
environmental management goals, monitor emissions, encourage staff to conserve energy and reduce
consumption. The Group is committed to improving the sustainable development of the environment and
will closely monitor its performance. The Group has always strictly complied with the applicable laws
and regulations in the place of operation, such as the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s
Republic of China (《中華人民共和國環境保護法》), which have been supported and effectively implemented
by employees. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group has not suffered any material fines
or other material penalties for the violation of any health, safety or environmental regulations. For
details, please refer to the 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance Report, which will be published
independently by the Group.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   95
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

     According to the Articles of Association and the Companies Ordinance, Shareholders of the Company may:
     (i) move a requisition to move a resolution at the AGM; (ii) requisition to convene an extraordinary general
     meeting; and (iii) propose a person for election as a Director at a general meeting.


     (i)    Requisition to Move a Resolution at an AGM

            The Company holds a general meeting as its AGM every year. In accordance with sections 615 and 616
            of the Companies Ordinance, a requisition to move a resolution at the AGM may be submitted by any
            number of Shareholders representing not less than one-fortieth (2.5%) of the total voting rights of all
            Shareholders having the right to vote on that resolution at the AGM, or not less than 50 Shareholders
            having the right to vote on that resolution at the AGM. The requisition must identify the resolution and
            must be signed by all the applicant. The requisition must be deposited at the Registered Office (as
            defined below) of the Company, for the attention of the Joint Company Secretaries, not later than 6
            weeks before the AGM to which the request relates, or if later, when the Notice of AGM is dispatched.


     (ii)   Requisition to Convene an EGM

            Shareholders holding not less than one-twentieth (5%) of the total voting rights of all the members
            having a right to vote at general meetings of the Company can deposit a requisition to convene an EGM
            pursuant to sections 566 to 568 of the Companies Ordinance.

            The requisition must state the general nature of the business to be dealt with at the meeting, and
            must be signed by the applicant. The requisition must be deposited at the Registered Office (as
            defined below) of the Company for the attention of the Joint Company Secretaries.


     (iii) Proposing a Person for Election as a Director at a General Meeting

            If a Shareholder wishes to propose a person for election as a Director at a general meeting, he/she
            must give a written notice to that effect to the Joint Company Secretaries. The written notice must
            include the personal information of the person proposed for election as a Director as required by Rule
            13.51(2) of the Listing Rules and be signed by such Shareholder and the person proposed for election
            as a Director indicating his/her willingness to be appointed or re-appointed and consent of publication
            of his/her personal information. Such notice shall be given within the period (or a longer period as
            may be determined by the Directors from time to time) commencing no earlier than the day after the
            despatch of the notice of such meeting and ending no later than seven days prior to the date appointed
            for such meeting. Such details and procedures are available in our website.

            For requesting the Company to circulate to Shareholders a statement with respect to a matter
            mentioned in a proposed resolution or any other business to be dealt with at a general meeting,
            Shareholders are requested to follow the requirements and procedures as set out in section 580 of
            the Companies Ordinance.




96   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Procedure in relation to Raising Enquiry and Concerns with the Board

Shareholders of the Company wishing to make any enquiry to the Board may do so in writing to the
Company since verbal or anonymous ones would not generally be dealt with by the Company.

For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholder(s) must deposit the original duly signed written requisition,
notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the below address and provide their full names,
contact details and identification in order to give effect to such requisition, notice or statement, or enquiry.
Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.


Contact details

Mailing address:    Unit 703, 7/F, Building 20E, Phase Three, Hong Kong Science Park Shatin,
                    New Territories, Hong Kong (the “Registered Office”)
Attention:          Joint Company Secretaries
Email:              ir@simcere.com

For any enquiry concerning our Shares, Shareholders are advised to directly check with our Hong
Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited. The contact details of
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited are as follows:

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited

Address:            17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Telephone:          +852 2862 8555
Website:            www.computershare.com/hk/contact

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS RELATIONS

The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing
investor relations and investor understanding of the Company’s business performance and strategies.
The Company has adopted the Shareholders’ Communication Policy. The Board has reviewed the
Shareholders’ Communication Policy on March 24, 2025 and the Company has maintained communications
with Shareholders according to the communication strategies set out in the Shareholders’ Communication
Policy, where the Shareholders can raise questions to the Directors at the annual general meeting
held on June 13, 2025, thus the Board is of the opinion that the Shareholders’ Communication Policy is
implemented appropriately and effective.

The Shareholders’ Communication Policy includes the followings:




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025   97
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     General Policies

     •    The Board shall maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and the investment community, and
          will regularly review this Shareholders’ Communication Policy to ensure its effectiveness.

     •    Information shall be communicated to Shareholders and the investment community mainly through
          the Company’s financial reports (interim and annual reports), annual general meetings and other
          general meetings that may be convened; and publish all the disclosures submitted to the Stock
          Exchange, corporate communications and other corporate publications on the Company’s website.

     •    Effective and timely dissemination of information to Shareholders and the investment community
          shall be ensured at all times. Any question regarding this Policy shall be directed to the Joint
          Company Secretaries.

     Communication Strategies

     Shareholders’ enquiries

     •    Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s Share
          Registrar.

     •    Shareholders and the investment community may at any time make a request for the Company’s
          information to the extent such information is publicly available.

     •    Shareholders and the investment community shall be provided with designated contacts, email
          addresses and enquiry methods of the Company in order to enable them to make any query in respect
          of the Company.

     Corporate Communication*

     •    Corporate communication will be provided to Shareholders in plain language and in both English and
          Chinese versions to facilitate Shareholders’ understanding. Shareholders have the right to choose the
          language (either English or Chinese) or means of receipt of the corporate communications (in hard
          copy or through electronic means).

     •    Shareholders are encouraged to provide, amongst other things, their email addresses to the
          Company in order to facilitate timely and effective communications.

     Company’s website

     •    A dedicated “Investor Relations” section is available on the Company’s website (www.simcere.com).
          Information on such website is updated on a regular basis.

     •    Information released by the Company to the Stock Exchange is also posted on the Company’s
          website immediately thereafter. Such Information on website includes financial statements, results
          announcements, circulars and notices of general meetings and associated explanatory documents
          etc.

     •    All presentation materials provided in conjunction with the Company’s annual general meeting
          and results announcement each year will be made available on the Company’s website as soon as
          practicable after their release.

     *    “Corporate Communication” refers to any document issued or to be issued by the Company for the information or action
          of holders of any of its securities, including but not limited to the directors’ report and annual accounts together with the
          auditor’s report, the interim report, a notice of meeting, a circular and a proxy form.


98   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




General Meetings

•    Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and
     vote at meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.

•    Appropriate arrangements for the annual general meetings shall be in place to encourage
     Shareholders’ participation.

•    The process of the Company’s general meetings will be monitored and reviewed on a regular basis,
     and, if necessary, changes will be made to ensure that Shareholders’ needs are best served.

•    Board members, in particular, either the chairman of Board committees or their delegates,
     appropriate management executives and external auditors will attend annual general meetings to
     answer Shareholders’ questions.

•    Shareholders are encouraged to attend Shareholders’ activities organized by the Company, where
     information about the Company, including its latest strategic plan, products and services, will be
     communicated.

The general meeting of the Company is an effective communication channel between the Board and
shareholders. As such, the Board members attended the annual general meeting held on June 13, 2025
to provide shareholders with opportunities to understand the latest development of the Group and raise
questions. The details of attendance of each Director at the annual general meeting of the Company held in
2025 are listed in the section headed “Board Meetings and General Meetings” in this Corporate Governance
Report.


Communications with the Investment Market

•    The Company will organize various events regularly, which include briefing sessions to and private
     meetings with investors/analysts, holding domestic and international roadshows, media interviews
     and investor promotions, as well as organizing/participating in industry thematic forums, so as to
     facilitate communication between the Company and its Shareholders and investors.

•    The Directors and employees of the Company who have contacts or dialogues with investors, analysts,
     media or other interested outside parties are required to comply with the disclosure obligations and
     requirements under the “Inside Information Disclosure Policy” of the Company.


AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

There is no amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company during the Year.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   99
      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


      Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are updated as of the
      date of this report.


      DIRECTORS

      EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

      Mr. REN Jinsheng (任晉生), aged 63, is the founder, an executive Director and the chairman of the Board.
      He is primarily responsible for the formulation of the Group’s overall corporate strategy, organizational
      capacity building, major investment decisions and products license-in and license-out of the Group.

      With more than 40 years of industry experience, Mr. REN has gained in-depth understanding of the
      pharmaceutical industry and acquired rich management experience. At the very beginning of the Group’s
      operations, Mr. REN became the general manager of Jiangsu Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (江蘇先聲
      藥業有限公司) (“Jiangsu Simcere”) at the time of its establishment in March 1995, and has subsequently
      been the chairman of the board to date and the chief executive officer of the Group until March 2026. Mr.
      REN also served as the chairman of the board of various subsidiaries within the Group, including but not
      limited to Jiangsu Simcere from April 2004 to April 2026, Hainan Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (海南先
      聲藥業有限公司) (“Hainan Simcere”) from April 2001 to February 2026, Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
      (先聲藥業有限公司) (“Simcere Pharmaceutical”) from February 2003 to March 2026. Prior to the foundation
      of the Group, Mr. REN served as the manager of the new special drugs business department of Jiangsu
      Pharmaceutical Industry Co., Ltd. (江蘇省醫藥工業有限公司) from November 1992 to March 1995. Prior to
      that, Mr. REN worked at Qidong Pharmaceutical Factory ((啟東製藥廠), now known as Qidong branch of
      Bayer Healthcare (拜耳醫藥啟東分公司)) from February 1982 to November 1992. In addition, Mr. REN was
      also the vice president of the China Pharmaceutical Innovation Promotion Association (中國醫藥創新促進
      會), the vice president of Jiangsu Chamber of Commerce (江蘇省商會) and the vice president of Nanjing
      Federation of Industry and Commerce (南京市工商聯).

      Mr. REN graduated with a college diploma in traditional Chinese pharmacology from Nanjing University of
      Chinese Medicine (南京中醫藥大學) (formerly known as Nanjing College of Chinese Medicine (南京中醫學
      院)) in January 1982. He also graduated with a master’s degree in business administration from Nanjing
      Normal University (南京師範大學) in December 1996. Mr. REN was certified as a senior researcher (natural
      science series) and a senior economist by Jiangsu Human Resources and Social Security Department (江
      蘇省人力資源與社會保障廳) in January 2020 and November 2010, respectively.




100   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                           BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Over the years, Mr. REN has received many awards and accolades acknowledging his contributions and
accomplishments in the pharmaceutical industry, examples of which are set out below:

                                                                                                     Timing of granting
 Honor/Award                                          Awarding Body                                  the award
 Top 10 leaders in China’s pharmaceutical industry    National Federation of Industry and Commerce   May 2016
 (中國醫藥行業十大領軍人物)                                       Pharmaceutical Merchants Association
                                                      (全國工商業聯合會醫藥商協會)
 First prize of the Science and Technology Award of   The People’s Government of Hainan Province     December 2014;
 Hainan Province (海南省科學技術一等獎)                         (海南省人民政府)                                      January 2005
 Special Government Allowances (政府特殊津貼)               State Council (國務院)                            March 2011
 Jiangsu Innovation and Entrepreneurship Talent       Jiangsu Committee of the Communist Party of    June 2010
 Award (江蘇創新創業人才獎)                                    China (中共江蘇省委); The People’s Government of
                                                      Jiangsu Province (江蘇省人民政府)
 National Labor Medal (全國五一勞動獎章)                      All-China Federation of Trade Unions           April 2007
                                                      (中華全國總工會)
 Second prize of National Science and Technology      State Council (國務院)                            November 2005
 Progress Award (國家科學技術進步二等獎)

Mr. TANG Renhong (唐任宏), aged 46, is an executive Director of the Company and the chairman of the
board of directors and the chief executive officer of Simcere Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲再明
醫藥有限公司) (“Simcere Zaiming”), a subsidiary of the Company. Mr. TANG is committed to the overall
leading of Simcere Zaiming, which is responsible for the research and development, production and
marketing of oncology pharmaceuticals of the Group.

Mr. TANG has nearly 16 years of experience in pharmaceutical research and development and
management of pharmaceutical companies. Mr. TANG joined the Group acting as the vice president in
May 2019. He was officially appointed as an executive Director and the vice president of the Company on
November 19, 2019 and further appointed as the senior vice president, the executive vice president and the
co-chief executive officer (the “Co-CEO”) of the Company on June 1, 2020, March 31, 2021 and May 25, 2022,
respectively. Mr. TANG resigned as the Co-CEO of the Company on December 31, 2022 and was appointed
as the chairman of the board of directors and the chief executive officer of Simcere Zaiming on January 1,
2023.

Prior to joining Simcere, he served as the vice general manager of Shanghai Shengdi Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd. (上海盛迪醫藥有限公司) from September 2017 to May 2019. From September 2013 to August 2017,
Mr. TANG worked as the associate director of China Innovation Center of Astrazeneca Investment (China)
Co., Ltd. (阿斯利康投資（中國）有限公司). Before that, he worked at the Novo Nordisk Research Centre
China (諾和諾德中國研究發展中心) from June 2009 to September 2013 with the last position there being the
head of department. At the beginning of his career, he was a postdoctoral researcher at the University of
California, San Francisco from April 2007 to May 2009.

Mr. TANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大
學) in July 2002. He also obtained a Ph.D. in molecular cell biology from Nanyang Technological University
in April 2007.



                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025   101
      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




      Mr. WAN Yushan (萬玉山), aged 55, is an executive Director, the chief financial officer and one of the joint
      company secretaries of the Company. He is primarily responsible for the financial, legal and compliance
      management, formulating financial strategies and in charge of the process and information business of the
      Group.

      Mr. WAN has over 25 years of experience with the Group where he has accumulated knowledge and
      skills required in the financial management of the Group. Mr. WAN joined the Group in May 2000 and has
      assumed various positions successively since then, including the financial controller, general manager
      of financial department, vice president and chief financial officer. On November 19, 2019, Mr. WAN was
      officially appointed as an executive Director and the chief financial officer of the Company. He was also the
      director of several subsidiaries of the Company including, among others, Hainan Simcere from July 2011
      to February 2026 and Simcere Pharmaceutical from July 2017 to March 2026.

      Mr. WAN obtained a bachelor’s degree in biochemistry from Nanjing University (南京大學) in June 1992
      and a master’s degree in management (majoring in accounting) from Nanjing University (南京大學) in June
      1999. Mr. WAN was admitted as a non-practicing member of Jiangsu Institute Certified Public Accountants
      (江蘇省註冊會計師協會) in November 2009.

      Ms. WANG Xi (王熙), aged 43, is an executive Director and a vice president of the Company. She is primarily
      responsible for the procurement and supply chain department of the Group and quality management,
      material control and business of Jiangsu Simcere. Ms. WANG joined the Group in May 2020 and has been
      a vice president of the Company since then. She was appointed as an executive Director with effect from
      January 18, 2023. Ms. WANG is the spouse of Mr. REN Jinsheng.

      Ms. WANG has extensive experience in corporate governance. Ms. WANG has been a director of Nanjing
      BioSciKin Technology Development Co., Ltd. (南京百家匯科技發展有限公司) since April 2020 and a director
      of Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd. (北京先聲祥瑞生物製品股份有限公司) (formerly
      known as Beijing Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd. (北京祥瑞生物製品股份有限公司)) (stock code:
      873821, NEEQ) since May 2020. In addition, Ms. WANG served as a director of Jiangsu Pharmaceutical
      Industry Research Institute Co., Ltd. (江蘇省醫藥工業研究所有限公司), and the executive director and the
      general manager of Nanjing Xinjiye Technology Development Co., Ltd. (南京新基業科技發展有限公司) from
      2015 to 2022 and the chairman of the board of directors of Simcare Jiangsu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲
      再康江蘇藥業有限公司) from 2015 to 2023.

      Ms. WANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in marketing from Nankai University (南開大學) in June 2006 and a
      degree of master of business administration (EMBA) from China Europe International Business School (中
      歐國際工商學院) in November 2024.




102   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. SONG Ruilin (宋瑞霖), aged 63, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. He is
primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operation and management
of the Group.

Mr. SONG has extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. SONG joined the Group in
November 2019. He has held positions in following companies, including a non-executive director of Luye
Pharma Group Ltd. (stock code: 2186.HK) since March 2017, an independent director of Mediwelcome
Healthcare Service and Technology Inc. (麥迪衛康健康醫療服務科技有限公司) (stock code: 2159.HK) since
December 2020, an independent director of Jacobio Pharmaceuticals Group Co., Ltd. (加科思藥業集團有限
公司) (stock code: 1167.HK) since December 2020, an independent director of Shanghai Henlius Biotech,
Inc. (上海復宏漢霖生物技術股份有限公司) (stock code: 2696.HK) since June 2018, an independent director
of Shenzhen Chipscreen Biosciences Co., Ltd (深圳微芯生物科技股份有限公司) (stock code: 688321.SH)
since August 2018, an independent director of Boya Biopharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (博雅生物製藥
集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 300294.SZ) from March 2017 to March 2021, an independent director of
Tibet Aim Pharm. Inc. (西藏易明西雅醫藥科技股份有限公司) (stock code: 002826.SZ) from August 2015 to
August 2021, an independent director of Shanxi Zhendong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (山西振東製藥股份有
限公司) (stock code: 300158.SZ) from June 2015 to June 2021, an independent director of Zhejiang Jolly
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (浙江佐力藥業股份有限公司) (stock code: 300181.SZ) from July 2009 to January
2014 and an independent director of Jointown Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (九州通醫藥集團股份有限公
司) (stock code: 600998.SH) from November 2008 to November 2014.

Mr. SONG is currently the executive president of PhIRDA (中國醫藥創新促進會) (formerly named as China
Pharmaceutical Industry Research and Development Association (中國醫藥工業科研開發促進會)). Mr.
SONG also hold several important social positions including specially-invited expert of the Talent Pool
Participating in and Discussing State Affairs of the CPPCC, consultant of Participating in and Discussing
State Affairs of the Chinese Peasants and Workers Democratic Party, the executive deputy director of the
Research Centre for Drug Policy and Industrial Development at China Pharmaceutical University (中國
藥科大學國家藥物政策與產業發展研究中心), a member of the NMPA’s Expert Advisory Committee on the
Strategic Decision of Chinese medicine management (中藥管理戰略決策專家諮詢委員會), a member of the
Biotech Advisory Panel of the Stock Exchange, vice chairman of China Alliance Rare Diseases, a honorary
council member of the Chinese Medicine Society, council member of Chinese Pharmacist Association,
a council member of the Bethune Charitable Foundation, a visiting researcher of Shanghai Jiao Tong
University. Since 2007, Mr. SONG has been dedicated to the research of China’s pharmaceutical policies,
especially the policies for pharmaceutical innovation. Prior to that, he worked in the Legislative Affairs
Office of the State Council of China, mainly engaged in the legislative review and research of health and
medicine for a number of years.

Mr. SONG graduated with a bachelor’s degree in law from China University of Political Science and Law
(中國政法大學) in July 1985. He also graduated with a degree of master of business administration (EMBA)
from China Europe International Business School (中歐國際商學院) in November 2004 and a doctoral
degree in social and administrative pharmacy from China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學) in
December 2018.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025   103
      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




      Mr. WANG Jianguo (汪建國), aged 65, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. He is
      primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operation and management
      of the Group.

      Mr. WANG has over 33 years of experience in corporate management. He joined the Group in November
      2019, and meanwhile, he has been an independent non-executive director of Honma Golf Limited (stock
      code: 6858.HK) since September 2016. Mr. WANG also has been the chairman of the board of Five Star
      Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (五星控股集團有限公司), the chairman of Kidswant Children Products Co., Ltd
      (stock code: 301078.SZ) and the chairman of Huitongda Network Co., Ltd. (stock code: 9878.HK) since
      February 2009. Before that, Mr. WANG was the vice president of the Asia-Pacific Region for Best Buy
      Co., Inc. (stock code: BBY.NY), an American multinational consumer electronics corporation. He founded
      Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co., Ltd. (江蘇五星電器有限公司) in 1998 and was its president and the
      chairman of the board until February 2009. From 1992 to 1998, Mr. WANG held various positions at Jiangsu
      Wujiaohua Corporation (江蘇五交化總公司) with his last position there being the general manager.

      Mr. WANG was elected as the Fifth Excellent Constructor of Socialism with Chinese Characteristics from
      Non-public Sector (第五屆全國非公有制經濟人士優秀中國特色社會主義事業建設者) in August 2019 and was
      elected as the Model Worker of the National Business System (全國商務系統勞動模範) by the Ministry of
      Personnel and the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC in 2007.

      Mr. WANG graduated from the Australian National University, in July 2004 with a degree of executive
      master of business administration (EMBA). He also completed the program of Ph.D. in Business
      Administration in Global Finance from Arizona State University, U.S.A. in May 2018.

      Mr. WANG Xinhua (王新華), aged 70, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company. He is
      primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operation and management
      of the Group.

      Mr. WANG has almost 48 years of experience in accounting and financial management. Mr. WANG joined
      the Group in November 2019. He has been an independent non-executive director of China Tobacco
      International (HK) Company Limited (stock code: 6055.HK) since December 2018. In addition, Mr. WANG
      was an independent director of Guizhou Yibai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (貴州益佰製藥股份有限公司) (stock
      code: 600594.SH) from September 2016 to September 2019, Guizhou Jiulian Industrial Explosive Material
      Development Co., Ltd. (貴州久聯民爆器材發展股份有限公司) (stock code: 002037.SZ) (now renamed as
      Poly Union Chemical Holding Group Co., Ltd. (保利聯合化工控股集團股份有限公司)) from March 2016 to
      December 2019, Xinjiang Zhongtai Chemical Co., Ltd. (新疆中泰化學股份有限公司) (stock code: 002092.SZ)
      from January 2017 to December 2022 and China Petroleum Engineering Corporation (中國石油集團工程
      股份有限公司) (stock code: 600339.SH) from September 2017 to February 2024. Prior to that, Mr. WANG
      served as the chief financial officer of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation (中國石油化工股份有限公
      司) (stock code: 386.HK and 600028.SH) from May 2009 to December 2015. From November 2004 to April
      2009, he served as a director of the financial planning department of China Petrochemical Corporation (中
      國石化集團公司).

      Mr. WANG graduated from Northeastern University (東北大學) in July 1996 after completing his
      undergraduate course in management engineering through correspondence courses. He was recognized
      as a senior accountant at professor level (教授級高級會計師) by Sinopec Group in January 2004.



104   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Mr. SUNG Ka Woon (宋嘉桓) (whose former name was SONG Li (宋立)), aged 54, is an independent non-
executive Director of the Company. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent
advice on the operation and management of the Group.

Mr. SUNG has been the vice chairman of the board of directors of the Wuhan branch of Yuhu Cold Chain
(China) Co., Ltd. ( 玉 湖 冷 鏈（ 中 國 ）有 限 公 司 ) since March 2017. From August 2013 to March 2017, Mr.
SUNG served as a director at Asia Social Development Research Center ( 亞洲社會發展研究中心). Mr.
SUNG served at various social positions including a president of Hong Kong Industrial and Commercial
Association Limited (香港工商總會) from February 2021 to June 2022, a member of Heung Yee Kuk New
Territories of Hong Kong since May 2020, a member of the Election Committee of Hong Kong since
September 2021, a member of the 12th and 13th CPPCC of Zhanjiang City, Guangdong Province from
February 2014 to December 2017, and a member of the 12th CPPCC of Shandong Province from January
2018. Mr. SUNG was appointed as a non-official Justice of the Peace by the Government of Hong Kong in
July 2021.

Mr. SUNG obtained an executive master of business and administration degree from Antai College of
Economics & Management, Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學安泰經濟與管理學院) in the PRC
in December 2011, completed the part-time postgraduate studies majoring in economic management
from Party School of the Central Committee of CPC (中共中央黨校) in the PRC in January 1996 and
obtained a bachelor’s degree of machinery design and automation from Northeastern University (東北大學)
(previously known as Northeastern Institute of Technology (東北工學院)) in the PRC in July 1993.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The members of the senior management team and details of each of their experience are as follows:

Dr. Zhou Yunshu (周雲曙), aged 54, was appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company on March
25, 2026 overseeing the Group’s overall business operations. He is primarily responsible for innovative
drug business, R&D, and commercialization of the Group and optimization of the Group’s management.
Prior to that, Dr. Zhou served as the president of Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (先聲藥業有限公司)
and Jiangsu Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (江蘇先聲藥業有限公司), both being subsidiaries of the
Company, since November 2025. Dr. Zhou has over thirty years of experience in research and development
and commercialization within the pharmaceutical industry. Prior to joining the Group, he served as a full-
time consultant for Innovent Biologics (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Innovent Biologics, Inc. (stock
code: 1801.HK) (“Innovent”), from August 2022 to October 2025. He was primarily responsible for providing
professional guidance on market strategies and commercialization of Innovent. Earlier in his career, he
worked at Lianyungang Pharmaceutical Factory (the predecessor of Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals
Co., Ltd. (stock codes: 600276.SH and 1276.HK) (“Hengrui Pharmaceuticals”)), and thereafter at Hengrui
Pharmaceuticals from August 1995 to July 2021. During his tenure, he held various positions, including,
among others, a member of the foreign trade department, section chief and deputy director of the
development department, vice general manager, general manager and chairman of the board of directors.

Dr. Zhou graduated from China Pharmaceutical University with a bachelor’s degree in Pharmacology
in 1995. He obtained a doctorate degree in Inorganic Chemistry from Nanjing University in 2007 and he
obtained an Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA) degree from Nanjing University in 2014.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025   105
      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




      Mr. ZHOU Gaobo (周高波), aged 47, was appointed as the chief investment officer of the Company
      on January 17, 2022. He is primarily responsible for business investment, business development
      management, strategic planning and affairs in Hong Kong.

      Mr. ZHOU has approximately 17 years of management consulting experience in the healthcare industry.
      He was a partner of McKinsey & Company from January 2014 to January 2022, and was the joint head of
      McKinsey’s Greater China Healthcare practice from October 2019 to January 2022. Prior to that, he had
      taken various positions, including consultant, engagement manager and associate partner at McKinsey
      between July 2006 to December 2013. He worked with leading pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical
      device, and life science investment companies on a broad range of topics in China Healthcare Reform
      and innovation, including strategy, business model innovation, digital transformation, and investment and
      partnership. He also built the largest healthcare management consulting team in the industry. Previously,
      he also worked at Human Genome Sciences (HGSI) in antibody and fusion protein drug development from
      July 2002 to July 2004.

      Mr. ZHOU graduated with a bachelor’s degree in genetics from Fudan University (復旦大學) in July 2000. He
      obtained a Master of Science degree in biochemistry from the University of Maryland in July 2002, as well
      as a master’s degree in business administration from Duke University in May 2006.

      Mr. GOH Aik Han (吳奕涵), aged 51, was appointed the chief medical officer and senior vice president of the
      Company since December 1, 2023. He is responsible for the overall clinical development in R&D.

      Mr. GOH has over 22 years of experiences in clinical and pharmaceutical industry. He was the chief
      medical officer and the senior vice president of Reistone Biopharma (瑞石生物醫藥) between May 2018 and
      November 2023. He worked as a medical advisor, and clinical development director in GlaxoSmithKline
      (葛蘭素史克公司) from September 2008 to April 2018, both at the London head office and the China R&D
      center. His expertise focuses on clinical development in neuroscience, autoimmune, and respiratory
      therapy areas.

      Mr. GOH is a UK General Medical Council (GMC) registered doctor and has worked in the UK NHS Hospitals
      as a general surgeon. He is a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (MRCS Ed), and the
      Royal College of Surgeons and Physicians of Glasgow (MRCS Glasg).

      Mr. GOH has received his Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery degree from the University of Aberdeen in June
      2001, and has subsequently received a Doctor of Medicine degree from Aberdeen in 2013.




106   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                  BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Mr. WANG Feng (王峰), aged 43, joined the Group in June 2007, was appointed as a senior vice president in
November 2024 who assists the CEO in the daily management of R&D system (non-oncology) and primarily
responsible for the management of the Company’s preclinical research institute, Beijing Innovation
Center, legal and intellectual property department, the project management office as well as collaborative
innovation businesses.

Mr. WANG Feng has nearly 19 years of experience within the Group. He joined the Group in June 2007
and held various positions in the Group, including as a product manager of the marketing department
from June 2007 to September 2010, a senior product manager of marketing department from September
2010 to August 2013, a product director of marketing department from August 2013 to January 2016, a
general manager of the marketing department from January 2016 to August 2017, a senior director of
pharmaceutical business department of the Group from August 2017 to January 2018, a senior director of
regulations science department from January 2018 to December 2018, an executive director of regulations
and intellectual property department (formerly known as the regulations science department) from
December 2018 to May 2019, and a vice dean of Nanjing Research Institute (南京研究院) from May 2019 to
September 2020. Mr. WANG was appointed as party secretary and vice president of the Group in September
2020 and was further promoted as a senior vice president in November 2024.

Mr. WANG Feng graduated from China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學) with a bachelor’s degree
in bioengineering in July 2004, a master’s degree in microbiology and biochemistry in June 2007 and a
Ph.D. in social management pharmacy in 2018.

Mr. CHENG Xianghua (程向華), aged 49, is a vice president of the Company. He is primarily responsible for
the marketing management of the Group’s neuroscience business units.

Mr. CHENG has over 25 years of experience with the Group where he gained rich experience in the
management of the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. CHENG joined the Group in June 2000 and has held
various positions within the Group since then, including the sales representative, manager, business
director, general manager of business department, president assistant, and vice president, successively.
Mr. CHENG has also been the chairman of the board of Oy Simcere Europe Ltd. since June 2019, a director
of Shanghai Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (上海先聲藥業有限公司) since April 2020. He was a director
of Simcere Pharmaceutical from April 2020 to March 2026 and a director of Hainan Simcere from May 2020
to February 2026.

Mr. CHENG graduated with a college diploma in pharmaceutical marketing from Anhui University of
Chinese Medicine (安徽中醫藥大學) in July 1999 and graduated with an executive master of business
administration (EMBA) degree from China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商學院) in
September 2025.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025   107
      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




      JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

      Mr. WAN Yushan (萬玉山) was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company with effect
      from November 9, 2022. For more information about Mr. WAN, please refer to “Biographies of Directors
      and Senior Management – Directors – Executive Directors” above.

      Ms. MAK Po Man Cherie (麥寶文) was one of the joint company secretaries of the Company with effect from
      March 25, 2026.

      Ms. Mak is a vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited. She has worked for
      various professional firms and listed companies in Hong Kong, with over 20 years of experience in the fields
      of audit, accounting, corporate finance, compliance and corporate secretarial matters. Ms. Mak obtained
      a Master of Corporate Governance degree from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2017. She was
      admitted as an associate member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered
      Governance Institute in 2017, a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in 2003,
      and a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in 2006.




108   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Independent auditor’s report to the members of
Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (“the
Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 117 to 241, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at December 31, 2025, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended and notes, comprising
material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at December 31, 2025 and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued
by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the
HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities
for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the
Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), as
applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   109
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS

      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
      audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in
      the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
      thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

       Recognition of revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products and commercialization business

       Refer to Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 143 to 147.

       The Key Audit Matter                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit
       The Group’s revenue principally comprises sales        Our audit procedures to assess the timing of
       of pharmaceutical products to the distributors and     revenue recognition included the following:
       fee charged for provision of commercialization
       service, accounting for 93.5% of the total revenue.    •     obtaining an understanding of and assessing
                                                                    the design, implementation and operating
       In respect of sales of pharmaceutical products,              effectiveness of management’s key internal
       the Group enters into framework distribution                 controls in relation to revenue recognition;
       agreements with distributors which specify
       the terms of sales relating to pricing, goods          •     inspecting framework distribution
       acceptance and return, as well as credit terms.              agreements, purchase orders and
       Revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical products             commercialization service contracts with
       is recognized at the point in time when the                  key customers, on a sample basis, to identify
       customer takes possession of and accepts the                 terms and conditions relating to goods or
       products.                                                    service acceptance and the right of return
                                                                    and assessing the Group’s policies in respect
       In respect of commercialization service, the Group           of the timing of recognition of revenue with
       renews the commercialization service contracts               reference to the requirements of the prevailing
       entered into with pharmaceutical manufacturers               accounting standards;
       annually which specifies the products to be
       commercialized, the commercialization period           •     inspecting goods acceptance records or
       and intended activities. Commercialization service           commercialization service reconciliation
       income is recognized when the Group satisfies                records, on a sample basis, to assess whether
       its promise to arrange for the pharmaceutical                revenue transactions recorded just before
       products to be provided by the seller to the buyer.          and after the financial year end date had
                                                                    been recognized in the appropriate financial
                                                                    period on the basis of the terms set out in the
                                                                    framework distribution agreements;




110   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS - continued

 Recognition of revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products and commercialization business

 Refer to Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 143 to 147.

 The Key Audit Matter                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit
 We identified the timing of revenue recognition        •     comparing revenue transactions recorded
 as a key audit matter because revenue is                     during the current year, on a sample basis,
 one of the key performance indicators of the                 with sales orders, invoices and goods
 Group and therefore there is an inherent risk                acceptance records or commercialization
 of manipulation of the timing of recognition of              ser v ic e r ec onc iliat ion r ec or ds t o assess
 revenue by management to meet specific targets               whether the related revenue was recognised
 or expectations.                                             in accordance with the Group’s revenue
                                                              recognition accounting policies;


                                                        •     inspecting underlying documentation like
                                                              reconciliation records, the list of dispatched
                                                              but not accepted products for manual
                                                              journal entries and adjustments relating to
                                                              revenue recorded during the year which were
                                                              considered to be material or met other specific
                                                              risk-based criteria; and


                                                        •     inspecting actual sales returns and credit
                                                              notes recorded after the financial year end and
                                                              evaluating whether the related adjustments to
                                                              revenue had been recorded in the appropriate
                                                              financial period.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025    111
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS - continued

       Loss allowances for trade receivables
       Refer to Note 40(a) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 135 to 138.
       The Key Audit Matter                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit
       As at December 31, 2025, the Group had trade           Our audit procedures to assess the loss allowance
       receivables with a gross amount of RMB2,494.0          for trade receivables included the following:
       million, net of loss allowances for expected credit
       losses (“ECLs”) of RMB13.4 million. The Group’s        •     obtaining an understanding of and assessing
       trade receivables mainly arose from sales of                 the design, implementation and operating
       pharmaceutical products.                                     effectiveness of key internal controls
                                                                    relating to credit control, debt collection and
       The Group measures the loss allowance at an                  estimating the credit loss allowance;
       amount equal to the lifetime ECLs for trade
       receivables. The estimated loss rates take into        •     evaluating the Group’s policy and method for
       account the ageing of trade receivable balances              estimating the ECL allowance with reference
       and the repayment history of the Group’s                     to HKFRS 9;
       customers.
                                                              •     assessing the accuracy and reliability of
       We identified the ECL allowance for trade                    the key parameters used for the estimated
       receivables as a key audit matter because of the             ECL rates by examining, on a sample basis,
       significance of the balance to the consolidated              the historical collection data and whether
       financial statements and the assessment of                   items were correctly categorised in the trade
       the ECL allowance is inherently subjective and               receivables ageing report by comparing
       requires the exercise of significant management              individual items therein with sales invoices and
       judgement.                                                   other relevant underlying documentation; and

                                                              •     re-performing the calculation of the ECL
                                                                    allowance as at December 31, 2025 based on
                                                                    the Group’s credit loss allowance policies and
                                                                    method.




112   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS - continued

 Fair value measurement for unlisted equity investments with no quoted market prices in active markets
 Refer to Note 40(e) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 128 to 129.
 The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit
 The Group made unlisted equity investments in           Our audit procedures to assess the fair value of
 a wide variety of companies in healthcare sector        investments with no quoted market prices in active
 to broaden the access to potential research and         markets included the following:
 development collaboration opportunities.
                                                         •    obtaining an understanding of and assessing
 These unlisted equity investments are accounted              the design and implementation of key internal
 for as financial assets at fair value through                control relating to fair value measurement for
 profit or loss (“FVPL”) or financial assets at               unlisted equity investments with no quoted
 fair value through other comprehensive income                market prices on active markets;
 (“FVOCI”) under HKFRS 9, Financial Instruments.
 At December 31, 2025, the fair value of unlisted        •    obtaining and inspecting the valuation
 equity investments with no quoted market prices              assessment prepared by the external valuers
 in active markets is RMB119.8 million, which were            engaged by the management and on which the
 classified under the fair value hierarchy as Level 3.        assessment of the fair values of the Group’s
                                                              unlisted equity investments was based;
 The fair value of these unlisted equity investments
 with no quoted market prices in active markets are      •    assessing the external valuers’ qualifications,
 determined based on valuation techniques which               experience and expertise in the assets being
 require significant unobservable inputs.                     valued and considering their objectivity;


 We identified the fair value measurement for these      •    for selected unlisted equity investments,
 investments at reporting date as a key audit matter          with the assistance of our internal valuation
 because judgement and estimation are required in             specialists, discussing with the external
 establishing the relevant valuation techniques and           valuers, without the presence of management,
 the relevant inputs thereof.                                 and assessing their valuation methodologies
                                                              in estimating the fair values of unlisted equity
                                                              investments; assessing the key assumptions
                                                              and critical judgements adopted and
                                                              significant unobservable inputs used which
                                                              impacted the valuation by comparing them
                                                              with market data; and


                                                         •    assessing the reasonableness of the
                                                              disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                              statements with reference to the requirements
                                                              of the prevailing accounting standards.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   113
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




      INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S
      REPORT THEREON

      The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the
      information included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our
      auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon as part of our engagement to audit the consolidated
      financial statements. We have performed an assurance engagement on the disclosed continuing connected
      transactions that form part of the other information and provided a separate assurance practitioner’s
      conclusion thereon that is included within the other information.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
      other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
      the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
      materially misstated.

      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
      information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


      RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
      and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong
      Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
      preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
      fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
      ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
      the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
      operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
      Group’s financial reporting process.


      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
      as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
      report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section
      405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
      towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.




114   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -
continued

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
     whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
     obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
     of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
     error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or the
     override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
     that are appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
     effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
     estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
     and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
     or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
     If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
     report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
     inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
     date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to
     continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
     including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
     underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Plan and perform the Group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
     financial information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an
     opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
     and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible
     for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   115
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -
      continued

      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
      requirements regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters
      that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to
      eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

      From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of
      most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
      therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
      precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
      a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
      reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Fung Ping Kwong
      (practising certificate number: P05669).




      KPMG
      Certified Public Accountants
      8th Floor, Prince’s Building
      10 Chater Road
      Central, Hong Kong

      March 25, 2026




116   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                   NOTE                2025               2024
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                     (restated)
                                                                                                     (Note 41)
 Revenue                                                             4            7,731,411          6,635,211
 Cost of sales                                                                   (1,421,555)        (1,310,632)

 Gross profit                                                                     6,309,856          5,324,579
 Other income                                                       5(a)            181,127            250,835
 Other net gain/(loss)                                              5(b)            138,379           (287,721)
 Research and development costs                                                  (1,563,018)        (1,417,292)
 Selling and distribution expenses                                               (2,914,472)        (2,511,065)
 Administrative and other operating expenses                                       (599,298)          (529,687)
 Reversal of impairment loss on trade and other receivables                           2,917              6,842

 Profit from operations                                                           1,555,491            836,491

 Finance income                                                     6(a)             55,751             39,619
 Finance costs                                                      6(a)            (21,257)           (30,785)
 Interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities              6(a)            (74,545)           (38,772)

 Net finance costs                                                                  (40,051)           (29,938)

 Share of losses of associates                                       16              (2,716)             (1,632)
 Share of profits of joint ventures                                  17               1,606              3,794

 Profit before taxation                                              6            1,514,330            808,715
 Income tax                                                          7             (170,322)           (86,713)

 Profit for the year                                                              1,344,008            722,002

 Attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company                                               1,344,008            722,002
 Non-controlling interest                                                                 –                   –

 Profit for the year                                                              1,344,008            722,002

 Earnings per share                                                  11
 Basic and diluted (RMB)                                                               0.54                0.29




The notes on pages 125 to 241 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to
equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in Note 36(b).

                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025   117
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      For the year ended December 31, 2025
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                       NOTE        2025          2024
                                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                            (restated)
                                                                                            (Note 41)
       Profit for the year                                                     1,344,008      722,002

       Other comprehensive income for the year
         (after tax adjustments)                                         10
       Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
       Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
         income (FVOCI) – net movement in fair value reserves
         (non-recycling), net of tax                                             14,769        89,186
       Exchange difference on translation of company level
         financial statements                                                    (46,269)       8,952
       Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:
       Exchange difference on translation of financial statements of
         overseas subsidiaries                                                   (10,914)       5,735

       Other comprehensive income for the year                                   (42,414)     103,873

       Total comprehensive income for the year                                 1,301,594      825,875

       Attributable to:
       Equity shareholders of the Company                                      1,301,594      825,875
       Non-controlling interest                                                        –            –

       Total comprehensive income for the year                                 1,301,594      825,875




      The notes on pages 125 to 241 form part of these financial statements.


118   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                 (Expressed in Renminbi)



                                                                         December 31,    December 31,
                                                                 NOTE           2025               2024
                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                              (restated)
                                                                                              (Note 41)
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                     12        2,531,632         2,327,382
Intangible assets                                                 13        1,442,592         1,025,438
Goodwill                                                          14          142,474           142,474
Interest in associates                                            16           58,712            50,870
Interest in joint ventures                                        17          104,188           102,342
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       24          346,025           183,831
Financial assets at fair value through
  other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”)                            18          297,365           279,989
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)    19        1,143,560           961,502
Loan to a third party                                             20                –           100,105
Time deposits                                                    25(c)        748,603           498,140
Deferred tax assets                                              30(b)        520,711           435,589

                                                                            7,335,862         6,107,662

Current assets
Inventories                                                       21          589,495           593,769
Contract assets                                                   22           19,565             4,611
Trade and bills receivables                                       23        2,838,454         2,699,825
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       24          222,449           185,333
Loan to a third party                                             20          100,105                 –
Tax recoverable                                                  30(a)          4,744                 –
Pledged deposits                                                 25(b)         23,340            24,050
Restricted deposits                                              25(b)         14,003            22,014
Time deposits                                                    25(c)         65,528            10,000
Cash and cash equivalents                                        25(a)      3,512,088         1,952,586

                                                                            7,389,771         5,492,188

Current liabilities
Bank loans                                                        26        1,052,478         1,051,139
Lease liabilities                                                 27           57,341            67,559
Trade and bills payables                                          28          249,032           276,064
Other payables and accruals                                       29        1,898,494         1,157,557
Taxation payable                                                 30(a)         65,704           154,358
Provisions                                                        31           22,000            22,000

                                                                            3,345,049         2,728,677

Net current assets                                                          4,044,722         2,763,511

Total assets less current liabilities                                      11,380,584         8,871,173




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025   119
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
      (Expressed in Renminbi)



                                                                               December 31,      December 31,
                                                                       NOTE               2025           2024
                                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                    (restated)
                                                                                                     (Note 41)
       Non-current liabilities
       Bank loans                                                       26               7,479          8,254
       Lease liabilities                                                27              69,635         82,417
       Deferred income                                                  32             472,528        400,149
       Deferred tax liabilities                                        30(b)            68,035         72,704
       Other financial liability                                         33        1,183,317        1,008,772
       Other non-current liability                                       34            165,000        165,000

                                                                                   1,965,994        1,737,296

       NET ASSETS                                                                  9,414,590        7,133,877

       CAPITAL AND RESERVES
       Share capital                                                    36         4,618,517        3,173,805
       Reserves                                                         36         4,789,349        3,960,072

       Total equity attributable to equity shareholders
         of the Company                                                            9,407,866        7,133,877
       Non-controlling interest                                                          6,724              –

       TOTAL EQUITY                                                                9,414,590        7,133,877


      Approved and authorized for issue by the board of directors on March 25, 2026.




                           Ren Jinsheng                                        Wan Yushan
                                Directors                                       Directors




      The notes on pages 125 to 241 form part of these financial statements.


120   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)

                                                                                    Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                       Fair value
                                                                                              PRC                         reserve                                        Non-
                                                                Share      Other          statutory     Exchange            (non-        Retained                   controlling       Total
                                                 NOTE          capital    reserve          reserve        reserve       recycling)         profits        Total        interest      equity
                                                             RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000
 Balance at January 1, 2024,
   as previously reported                                    3,173,805     97,370          965,008        102,087          12,149        2,872,317    7,222,736              –    7,222,736
 Adjustments arising from adoption of
   merger accounting                              2(b)              –      69,160                –               –              –          (23,075)     46,085               –      46,085

 Balance at January 1, 2024, as restated                     3,173,805    166,530          965,008        102,087          12,149        2,849,242    7,268,821              –    7,268,821

 Changes in equity for 2024:
 Profit for the year                                                –          –                 –               –              –         722,002      722,002               –     722,002
 Other comprehensive income                        10               –          –                 –          14,687         89,186                –     103,873               –     103,873

 Total comprehensive income                                         –          –                 –          14,687         89,186         722,002      825,875               –     825,875
 Appropriation of reserve                       36(d)(ii)           –          –           241,101               –              –         (241,101)           –              –            –
 Capital contribution to Xianwei (Hainan)
   Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Hainan Xianwei”)
   from its previous shareholder                                    –      30,840                –               –              –                –      30,840               –      30,840
 Equity settled share-based transactions           35               –      97,810                –               –              –                –      97,810               –      97,810
 Purchase of own shares                         36(c)(ii)           –          –                 –               –              –         (687,985)    (687,985)             –     (687,985)
 Dividends approved in respect of the
   previous year                                 36(b)              –          –                 –               –              –         (401,484)    (401,484)             –     (401,484)

 Balance at December 31, 2024, as restated                   3,173,805    295,180        1,206,109        116,774         101,335        2,240,674    7,133,877              –    7,133,877




The notes on pages 125 to 241 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025          121
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
      For the year ended December 31, 2025
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                                     Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                        Fair value
                                                                                                PRC                       reserve                                         Non-
                                                                    Share      Other       statutory     Exchange           (non-         Retained                  controlling       Total
                                                      NOTE         capital   reserve        reserve        reserve      recycling)          profits        Total       interest      equity
                                                                 RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
       Balance at January 1, 2025, as restated                   3,173,805   295,180      1,206,109        116,774        101,335         2,240,674    7,133,877             –    7,133,877

       Changes in equity for 2025:
       Profit for the year                                              –           –              –              –              –        1,344,008    1,344,008             –    1,344,008
       Other comprehensive income                       10              –           –              –        (57,183)       14,769                 –      (42,414)            –      (42,414)

       Total comprehensive income                                       –           –              –        (57,183)       14,769         1,344,008    1,301,594             –    1,301,594
       Issue of ordinary shares by placing,
         net of issuance costs                       36(c)(i)    1,418,033          –              –              –              –                –    1,418,033             –    1,418,033
       Paid-up and vesting of shares granted under
         Zaiming Share Incentive Scheme (as
         defined in Note 35(b))                                         –      (4,496)             –              –              –                –       (4,496)        6,724       2,228
       Appropriation of reserve                      36(d)(ii)                              314,381                                       (314,381)            –             –            –
       Consideration for acquisition of
         Hainan Xianwei                                2(b)             –     (65,661)             –              –              –                –      (65,661)            –      (65,661)
       Equity settled share-based transactions          35              –     89,567               –              –              –                –      89,567              –      89,567
       Vesting of restricted shares                  36(c)(i)      26,679     (26,679)             –              –              –                –            –             –            –
       Purchase of own shares                        36(c)(ii)          –           –              –              –              –          (74,302)     (74,302)            –      (74,302)
       Dividends approved in respect of
         the previous year                            36(b)             –           –              –              –              –        (390,746)    (390,746)             –    (390,746)

       Balance at December 31, 2025                              4,618,517   287,911      1,520,490         59,591        116,104         2,805,253    9,407,866         6,724    9,414,590




      The notes on pages 125 to 241 form part of these financial statements.


122   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                   (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                  NOTE             2025               2024
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                 (restated)
                                                                                                 (Note 41)
 Operating activities
 Cash generated from operations                                   25(d)       2,354,590          1,505,671
 Tax paid                                                         30(a)        (341,060)          (114,539)

 Net cash generated from operating activities                                 2,013,530          1,391,132

 Investing activities


 Payment for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment                  (349,325)          (369,976)
 Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                            756             50,085
 Payment for the acquisition of intangible assets                              (512,875)          (405,600)
 Payment for acquisition of financial assets measured at
   fair value through other comprehensive income                                      –                (800)
 Dividends received from financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                                20,292             64,676
 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets measured at
   fair value through profit or loss                                             35,572             79,175
 Payment for acquisition of financial assets measured at
   fair value through profit or loss                                           (269,781)           (96,350)
 Proceeds from redemption of time deposits                                      410,000            487,475
 Payment for placement of time deposits                                        (700,689)          (982,476)
 Decrease in pledged deposits                                                       710             28,463
 Payment for acquisition of interest in associate                                (5,781)                  –
 Proceeds from disposal of interest in subsidiaries                                   –             34,114
 Interest received                                                               40,449             38,511

 Net cash used in investing activities                                       (1,330,672)        (1,072,703)




The notes on pages 125 to 241 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   123
      CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
      For the year ended December 31, 2025
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


                                                                       NOTE            2025          2024
                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                (restated)
                                                                                                 (Note 41)
       Financing activities
       Capital element of lease rentals paid                           25(e)         (80,838)      (90,414)
       Interest element of lease rentals paid                          25(e)          (4,756)       (5,648)
       Proceeds from new bank loans                                    25(e)      1,051,829     1,252,690
       Repayment of bank loans                                         25(e)      (1,051,076)   (1,414,402)
       Interest paid                                                   25(e)         (16,501)      (25,137)
       Payment for purchase of own shares                             36(c)(ii)      (74,302)    (687,985)
       Proceeds from other financial liability                           33         100,000       970,000
       Payment for acquisition of subsidiaries under common control     2(b)         (65,661)       (5,023)
       Capital contribution to Hainan Xianwei from
         its previous shareholder                                                          –       30,840
       Consideration received for the shares granted under
         Zaiming Share Incentive Scheme                                               9,037              –
       Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares by placing,
         net of issuance costs                                        36(c)(i)    1,418,033              –
       Payment for listing expenses of anti-oncology business to
         be capitalized                                                                 (632)            –
       Dividends paid to equity shareholders of the Company            36(b)       (390,746)     (401,484)

       Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                       894,387      (376,563)

       Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                       1,577,245        (58,134)


       Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year          25(a)      1,952,586     2,008,434


       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                       (17,743)       2,286

       Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                25(a)      3,512,088     1,952,586




      The notes on pages 125 to 241 form part of these financial statements.


124   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)



1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Hong Kong on
    November 30, 2015 as a limited liability company with its registered office at Room 703, 7/F, Block
    20E, Hong Kong Science Park Phase 3, Pak Shek Kok, New Territories, Hong Kong. The Company’s
    shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on October 27,
    2020. The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (together,
    “the Group”) are principally engaged in the research and development, manufacturing and sales of
    pharmaceutical products as well as rendering commercialization service of pharmaceutical products
    that are not manufactured by the Group.


2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    (a)   Statement of compliance

          These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting
          Standards, which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial
          Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and
          Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)
          and the requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also
          comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
          on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Material accounting policies adopted by the Group
          are disclosed below.

          The HKICPA has issued certain new or amended HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first
          effective or available for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c)
          provides information on any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of
          these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current accounting
          periods reflected in these financial statements.


    (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements

          The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025
          comprise the Company and its subsidiaries and the Group’s interest in associates and joint
          ventures.

          The measurement basis used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements is the
          historical cost basis except that the certain assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as
          explained in the accounting policies as set out below.

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards
          requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the
          application of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The
          estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other
          factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
          the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
          readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025   125
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements - continued

                 The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
                 accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
                 affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects
                 both current and future periods.

                 Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRS Accounting Standards that have
                 significant effect on the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are
                 discussed in Note 3.

                 In August 2025, the Group agreed to acquire the entire equity interest of Xianwei (Hainan)
                 Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Hainan Xianwei”), which is principally engaged in research and
                 manufacturing of pharmaceutical products in the PRC, from Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological
                 Products Co., Ltd. at a consideration of RMB65,661,200.

                 Upon completion of the acquisition, Hainan Xianwei became a subsidiary of the Group. As Hainan
                 Xianwei and the Group was ultimately controlled by Mr. Ren Jinsheng before and after the
                 business combination and the control is not transitory, the acquisition of Hainan Xianwei was
                 considered as a business combination involving entities under common control, and Accounting
                 Guideline 5 (“AG5”), Merger Accounting for Common Control Combinations, issued by HKICPA
                 has been applied.

                 The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been therefore prepared using the
                 merger basis of accounting as if the current group structure had been in existence throughout
                 the periods presented. The net assets of Hainan Xianwei have been consolidated using the
                 existing book values from the perspective of controlling party. Comparative amounts in
                 the consolidated financial statements are presented as if the entities or businesses had
                 been combined at the beginning of the comparative period unless the combining entities or
                 businesses first came under common control at a later date.

                 The consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss
                 and other comprehensive income include the results of combining entities or businesses from
                 the earliest date presented or since the date when the combining entities or businesses first
                 came under the common control, where this is a shorter period, regardless of the date of the
                 common control combination. The consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated
                 statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income also take into account the profit
                 or loss attributable to the non-controlling interest recorded in the consolidated financial
                 statements of the controlling party. The effects of all transactions between the combining
                 entities or businesses, whether occurring before or after the common combination, are
                 eliminated. The opening balance at January 1, 2024 have been restated, with consequential
                 adjustments to comparatives for the year ended December 31, 2024 (see Note 41).

                 A uniform set of accounting policies is adopted when preparing the consolidated financial
                 statements. The details of the restated balances have been disclosed in Note 41 to these
                 financial statements.


126   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (c)   Changes in accounting policies

          The Group has applied amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange
          rates – Lack of exchangeability issued by the HKICPA to these financial statements for the
          current accounting period. The amendments do not have a material impact on these financial
          statements as the Group has not entered into any foreign currency transactions in which the
          foreign currency is not exchangeable into another currency.

          The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the
          current accounting period.


    (d)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interest

          Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is
          exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the
          ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of
          subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date on which
          control commences until the date on which control ceases.

          Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealized income and expenses (except
          for foreign currency transaction gains or losses) arising from intra-group transactions are
          eliminated. Unrealized losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the
          same way as unrealized gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

          For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interest
          (“NCI”) either at fair value or at the NCI’s proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable
          assets. NCI is presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity,
          separately from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. NCI in the results
          of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the
          consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of
          the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between NCI and the equity
          shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of NCI and other contractual obligations
          towards these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of
          financial position in accordance with Notes 2(p) or (q) depending on the nature of the liability.

          Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are
          accounted for as equity transactions.

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognizes the assets and liabilities of the
          subsidiary, and any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is
          recognized in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary is measured at fair
          value when control is lost.

          In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost
          less impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)), unless is classified as held for sale (or included in a
          disposal group that is classified as held for sale).


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   127
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (e)   Associates and joint ventures

                 An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint
                 control, over the financial and operating policies. A joint venture is an arrangement in which the
                 Group has joint control, whereby the Group has the rights to the net assets of the arrangement,
                 rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.

                 An interest in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method, unless it
                 is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group classified as held for sale), or it does
                 not in substance currently give access to the returns associated with an ownership interest in an
                 associate or a joint venture (see Note 2(g)). They are initially recognized at cost, which includes
                 transaction costs. Subsequently, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s
                 share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income (“OCI”) of those investees, until the
                 date on which significant influence or joint control ceases.

                 When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the
                 Group’s interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the
                 extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf
                 of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment
                 under the equity method, together with any other long-term interests that in substance form
                 part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture.

                 Unrealized gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated
                 against the investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealized losses are
                 eliminated in the same way as unrealized gains, but only to the extent there is no evidence of an
                 impairment.


           (f)   Goodwill

                 Goodwill arising on acquisition of businesses is measured at cost less accumulated impairment
                 losses and is tested annually for impairment (see Note 2(k)(ii)).


           (g)   Other investments in securities

                 The Group’s policies for investments in securities, other than investments in subsidiaries,
                 interest in associates and joint ventures accounted for using the equity method, are set out
                 below.

                 Investments in securities are recognized/derecognized on the date the Group commits to
                 purchase/sell the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus directly
                 attributable transaction costs, except for those investments measured at fair value through
                 profit or loss (“FVPL”) for which transaction costs are recognized directly in profit or loss. For
                 an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see Note 40(e).
                 These investments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.




128   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (g)   Other investments in securities - continued

          (i)    Non-equity investments

                 Non-equity investments are classified into one of the following measurement categories:

                 —    amortized cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows
                      which represent solely payments of principal and interest. Expected credit losses,
                      interest income calculated using the effective interest method (see Note 2(v)(ii)(c)),
                      foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on
                      derecognition is recognized in profit or loss.

                 —    FVOCI – recycling, if the contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely
                      payments of principal and interest and the investment is held within a business model
                      whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and
                      sale. Expected credit losses, interest income (calculated using the effective interest
                      method) and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss and
                      computed in the same manner as if the financial asset was measured at amortized
                      cost. The difference between the fair value and the amortized cost is recognized in
                      OCI. When the investment is derecognized, the amount accumulated in OCI is recycled
                      from equity to profit or loss.

                 —    FVPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortized
                      cost or FVOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including
                      interest) are recognized in profit or loss.


          (ii)   Equity investments

                 An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL, unless the investment is not held
                 for trading purposes and on initial recognition the Group makes an irrevocable election to
                 designate the investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair
                 value are recognized in OCI. Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument
                 basis, but may only be made if the investment meets the definition of equity from the
                 issuer’s perspective. If such an election is made for a particular investment, at the time of
                 disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to
                 retained earnings and not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in
                 equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognized in
                 profit or loss as other net gain (see Note 2(v)(ii)(b)).




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025   129
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (h)   Property, plant and equipment

                 The following items of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, which includes
                 capitalized borrowing costs, less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment
                 losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)):

                 —    right-of-use assets arising from leasehold properties where the Group is not the registered
                      owner of the property interest; and

                 —    items of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of
                      underlying plant and equipment (see Note 2(j)).

                 If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then
                 they are accounted for as separate items (major components).

                 Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in profit
                 or loss.

                 Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of property, plant and equipment, less their
                 estimated residual values, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives,
                 and is generally recognized in profit or loss.

                 The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

                                                                                             Estimated useful life
                  Leasehold land (see Note 2(j))                                         over the period of leases
                  Plant and buildings                                     10 to 20 years or unexpired lease terms
                  Machinery and equipment                                                             3 to 10 years
                  Furniture, fixtures and office equipment                                             3 to 5 years
                  Motor vehicles                                                                      5 to 10 years

                 Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted if
                 appropriate.

                 Construction in progress represents properties under construction and machinery and
                 equipment pending installation and is stated at cost (which is, in the case of assets acquired in
                 a business combination, the acquisition date fair value) less impairment losses (see Note 2(k)
                 (ii)). Cost comprises the purchase costs of the asset and the related construction and installation
                 costs.

                 Construction in progress is transferred to property, plant and equipment when the asset is ready
                 for its intended use and depreciation will be provided at the appropriate rates in accordance with
                 the depreciation polices specified above.

                 No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress.




130   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (i)   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

          (i)    Research and development expenditures

                 Expenditure on research activities is recognized in profit or loss as incurred. Development
                 expenditure is capitalized only if the expenditure can be measured reliably, the product or
                 process is technically and commercially feasible, future economic benefits are probable
                 and the Group intends to and has sufficient resources and the intention to complete
                 development and to use or sell the resulting asset. Otherwise, it is recognized in profit or
                 loss as incurred. Capitalized development expenditure is subsequently measured at cost
                 less accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses.


          (ii)   Intangible assets acquired through business combination

                 The developed technology, Good Supply Practice (“GSP”) licenses and product trademarks
                 of the Group are associated with different products arising from various business
                 combination and acquisitions from third parties. These intangible assets have finite
                 useful lives are measured at cost less accumulated amortization and any accumulated
                 impairment losses (see Note 2(k)(ii)).

                 Amortization is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated
                 residual values using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, if any, and
                 is generally recognized in profit or loss.

                 The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

                                                                                        Estimated useful life
                 Developed technology                                                           10 to 16 years
                 Good Supply Practice (“GSP”) licenses                                            3 to 5 years
                 Product trademarks                                                              6 to 10 years

                 The useful lives of developed technology and product trademarks are estimated based on
                 the remaining period of economic benefits to be derived from the respective products to
                 be produced relying on the acquired developed technology and product trademarks. The
                 Group estimates the period of economic benefits to be derived from the respective products
                 based on the expected time period required for a pharmaceutical drug development from
                 its discovery to commercialization and other factors, including the patent protection period,
                 the historical life of similar products, the characteristics of such technologies, their update
                 frequency and market requirement and competition.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025   131
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (i)   Intangible assets (other than goodwill) - continued

                 (ii)    Intangible assets acquired through business combination - continued

                         The Group considers that the maximum economic useful life of developed technology
                         and product trademarks held by the Group is 16 years and 10 years, respectively. As the
                         different products have different commercialization commencement dates, acquisition
                         dates by the Group and the expected lifespan of economic benefits, the useful life of the
                         Group’s developed technology and product trademarks varies at a range of 10 - 16 and
                         6 - 10 years, respectively. The useful lives of GSP licenses are estimated based on the
                         remaining valid period of the GSP licenses.


                 (iii)   Exclusive commercialization rights and in-licensed rights

                         The exclusive commercialization rights and in-licensed rights are associated with different
                         innovative drugs under development, and they either arise from collaboration arrangement
                         with third parties or are otherwise separately acquired from third parties.

                         The consideration for such rights may include non-refundable upfront payments and
                         variable payments such as development-based milestone payments, sales-based
                         milestone payments and royalty payments. Non-refundable upfront payments are
                         capitalized. Variable payments based on period activity or usage of the underlying
                         intellectual property after the related intangible assets are available for use are expensed
                         when incurred. Other variable payments, such as development-based milestone payments,
                         generally relate to the cost of the related intangible assets and would bring in probable
                         future economic benefits, they are added to the carrying amount of the related intangible
                         assets.

                         The amortization of exclusive commercialization rights and in-licensed rights will
                         commence when these rights are available for use.

                         The estimated useful lives are as follows:

                                                                                               Estimated useful life
                         Exclusive commercialization rights                                                 10 years
                         In-licensed rights                                                            4 to 13 years

                         The useful lives of exclusive commercialization rights and in-licensed rights are estimated
                         based on the period of economic benefits to be derived from the respective products
                         relying on the acquired exclusive commercialization rights or in-licensed rights. The Group
                         estimates the period of economic benefits to be derived from the respective products based
                         on the expected time period of the commercialization and other factors, including the
                         patent protection period, the historical life of similar products, the characteristics of the
                         underlying technologies, their update frequency and market requirement and competition.




132   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (i)   Intangible assets (other than goodwill) - continued

          (iii)   Exclusive commercialization rights and in-licensed rights - continued

                  When intangible assets are not available for use, they are not be amortized but tested for
                  impairment annually either individually or at the cash generating unit level. Intangible
                  assets are not amortized while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. Any
                  conclusion that the useful life of an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to
                  determine whether events and circumstances continue to support the indefinite useful life
                  assessment for that asset. If they do not, the change in the useful life assessment from
                  indefinite to finite is accounted for prospectively from the date of change and in accordance
                  with the policy for amortization of intangible assets with finite lives as set out above.

                  Amortization methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted
                  if appropriate.


    (j)   Leased assets

          At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. This
          is the case if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period
          of time in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right
          to direct the use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits
          from that use.


          (i)     As a lessee

                  Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group
                  has elected not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component
                  and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.

                  At the lease commencement date, the Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease
                  liability, except for leases that have a short lease term of 12 months or less, and leases of
                  low-value items such as laptops and office furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in
                  respect of a low-value item, the Group decides whether to capitalize the lease on a lease-
                  by-lease basis. If not capitalized, the associated lease payments are recognized in profit or
                  loss on a systematic basis over the lease term.

                  Where the lease is capitalized, the lease liability is initially recognized at the present
                  value of the lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest
                  rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant
                  incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at
                  amortized cost and interest expense is recognized using the effective interest method.
                  Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the
                  measurement of the lease liability, and are charged to profit or loss as incurred.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025   133
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (j)   Leased assets - continued

                 (i)   As a lessee - continued

                       The right-of-use asset recognized when a lease is capitalized is initially measured at cost,
                       which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments
                       made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an
                       estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying
                       asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use
                       asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
                       (see Notes 2(h) and 2(k)(ii)).

                       Refundable rental deposits are accounted for separately from the right-of-use assets in
                       accordance with the accounting policy applicable to investments in non-equity securities
                       carried at amortized cost (see Notes 2(g)(i) and 2(k)(i)). Any excess of the nominal value over
                       the initial fair value of the deposits is accounted for as additional lease payments made and
                       is included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

                       The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising
                       from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the
                       amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes
                       its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.
                       When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to
                       the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying
                       amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

                       The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a
                       change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided
                       for in the lease contract, if such modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In
                       this case, the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease
                       term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

                       In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease
                       liabilities is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be
                       settled within twelve months after the reporting period.

                       The Group presents right-of-use assets in ‘property, plant and equipment’ and presents
                       ‘lease liabilities’ separately in the consolidated statement of financial position.




134   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (j)   Leased assets - continued

          (ii)   As a lessor

                 The Group determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an
                 operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all
                 the risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee.
                 Otherwise, the lease is classified as an operating lease.

                 When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the
                 consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price
                 basis. The rental income from operating leases is recognized in accordance with Note 2(v)
                 (ii)(a).


    (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets

          (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets

                 The Group recognizes a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”s) on financial
                 assets measured at amortized cost (including cash and cash equivalents, trade and other
                 receivables and loans to a third party) and contract assets (see Note 2(m)).


                 Measurement of ECLs

                 ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Generally, credit losses are
                 measured as the present value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and
                 expected amounts.

                 The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following rates if the effect is
                 material:

                 —      fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective
                        interest rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;

                 —      variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate.

                 The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period
                 over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                 ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                 —      12-month ECLs: these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that
                        are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the
                        expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months); and

                 —      lifetime ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the
                        expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025   135
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets - continued

                 (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets - continued

                       Measurement of ECLs - continued

                       The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the
                       following, which are measured at 12-months ECLs:

                       —    financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date;
                            and

                       —    other financial instruments for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over
                            the expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since
                            initial recognition.

                       Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime
                       ECLs.


                       Significant increases in credit risk

                       When determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased
                       significantly since initial recognition and when measuring ECLs, the Group considers
                       reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost
                       or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on
                       the Group’s historical experience and informed credit assessment, that includes forward-
                       looking information.

                       The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it
                       is more than 3 months past due.

                       The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:

                       —    the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse
                            by the Group to actions such as realizing security (if any is held); or

                       —    the financial asset is 12 months past due.

                       ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial
                       instrument’s credit risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is
                       recognized as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. The Group recognizes an
                       impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to
                       their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.




136   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets - continued

          (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets - continued

                 Credit-impaired financial assets

                 At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A
                 financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact
                 on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                 Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                 —    significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                 —    a breach of contract, such as a default or being more than 12 months past due;

                 —    the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not
                      consider otherwise;

                 —    it is probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization;
                      or

                 —    the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of
                      the issuer.


                 Write-off policy

                 The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off to the extent that there is
                 no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group otherwise
                 determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate
                 sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                 Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognized as a
                 reversal of impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.


          (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets

                 At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets
                 (other than property carried at revalued amounts, investment property, inventories and
                 other contract costs, contract assets and deferred tax assets) to determine whether there
                 is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable
                 amount is estimated. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment.

                 For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets
                 that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash
                 inflows of other assets or cash-generating units (“CGU”s). Goodwill arising from a business
                 combination is allocated to CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the
                 synergies of the combination.


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   137
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (k)   Credit losses and impairment of assets - continued

                 (ii)    Impairment of other non-current assets - continued

                         The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair
                         value less costs of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows,
                         discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
                         assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.

                         An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its
                         recoverable amount.

                         Impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the
                         carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying
                         amounts of the other assets in the CGU on a pro rata basis.

                         An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment
                         loss is reversed only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the
                         carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if
                         no impairment loss had been recognized.


                 (iii)   Interim financial reporting and impairment

                         Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                         Limited, the Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with
                         HKAS 34, Interim financial reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial
                         year. At the end of the interim period, the Group applies the same impairment testing,
                         recognition, and reversal criteria as it would at the end of the financial year (see Notes 2(k)
                         (i) and (ii)).

                         Impairment losses recognized in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed
                         in a subsequent period. This is the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been
                         recognized had the impairment been assessed only at the end of the financial year to which
                         the interim period relates.


           (l)   Inventories

                 Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value.

                 Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase,
                 costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location
                 and condition. In the case of work in progress, costs include direct labor and appropriate share
                 of overheads based on normal operating capacity.

                 Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
                 estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.




138   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (m) Contract assets and contract liabilities

          A contract asset is recognized when the Group recognizes revenue (see Note 2(v)(i)) before being
          unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract.
          Contract assets are assessed for ECLs (see Note 2(k)(i)) and are reclassified to receivables when
          the right to the consideration has become unconditional (see Note 2(n)).

          A contract liability is recognized when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before
          the Group recognizes the related revenue (see Note 2(v)(i)). A contract liability is also recognized
          if the Group has an unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the
          Group recognizes the related revenue. In such latter cases, a corresponding receivable is also
          recognized (see Note 2(n)).


    (n)   Trade and other receivables

          A receivable is recognized when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration
          and only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

          Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured
          at their transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and
          other receivables are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are
          subsequently stated at amortized cost (see Note 2(k)(i)).


    (o)   Cash and cash equivalents

          Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks
          and other financial institutions, and other short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily
          convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes
          in value, having been within three months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents
          are assessed for ECL (see Note 2(k)(i)).


    (p)   Interest-bearing borrowings

          Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs.
          Subsequently, these borrowings are stated at amortized cost using the effective interest
          method. Interest expense is recognized in accordance with Note 2(y).


    (q)   Trade and other payables

          Trade and other payables are initially recognized at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition,
          trade and other payables are stated at amortized cost unless the effect of discounting would be
          immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amount.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   139
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (r)   Redemption liability

                 A contract that contains an obligation for the Group to purchase its equity instruments for cash
                 or another financial asset gives rise to a financial liability for the present value of the redemption
                 amount. Even if the Group’s obligations to purchase is conditional on the counterparty exercising
                 a right to redeem. The redemption liability is measured at the highest redemption amount (on
                 a present value basis) the Group could be required to pay from time to time. Any change in the
                 carrying amount of the redemption liability arising from the remeasurement of the redemption
                 amount is recognized in profit or loss. The carrying amount of the redemption liability is
                 reclassified to equity upon a termination of the counterparty’s redemption right.


           (s)   Employee benefits

                 (i)    Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans

                        Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability
                        is recognized for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or
                        constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the
                        employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

                        Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as
                        the related service is provided. Contributions to local retirement schemes pursuant to the
                        relevant labor rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Group’s subsidiaries
                        located are recognized as an expense in profit or loss as incurred, except to the extent that
                        they are included in the cost of inventories not yet recognized as an expense.


                 (ii)   Share-based payments

                        2021 RSU Scheme (as defined in Note 35(a))

                        The grant-date fair value of the restricted shares granted to employees is recognized as
                        an employee cost with a corresponding increase in other reserve within equity. The fair
                        value of the restricted shares is measured at grant date by reference to the market price
                        or the valuer’s valuation of the underlying shares. Where the employees have to meet
                        vesting conditions before becoming unconditionally entitled to the restricted shares, the
                        total estimated fair value of the restricted shares is spread over the vesting period, taking
                        into account the probability that the restricted shares will vest. The amount recognized
                        as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related vesting
                        conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognized is based
                        on the number of awards that meet the related vesting conditions at the vesting date. The
                        equity amount is recognized in the other reserve until either the restricted share is vested
                        (when it is included in the amount recognized in share capital for the shares issued).




140   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (s)   Employee benefits - continued

          (ii)    Share-based payments - continued

                  Zaiming Share Incentive Scheme (as defined in Note 35(b))

                  The grant-date fair value of share options granted to employees is measured using
                  the Black-Scholes model. The amount is generally recognized as an expense, with a
                  corresponding increase in equity, over the vesting period of the awards. The amount
                  recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related
                  service conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognized is
                  based on the number of awards that meet the related service conditions at the vesting date.


          (iii)   Termination benefits

                  Termination benefits are expensed at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw
                  the offer of those benefits and when the Group recognizes costs for a restructuring.


    (t)   Income tax

          Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognized in profit or loss
          except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognized directly in
          equity or in OCI.

          Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for
          the year and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The
          amount of current tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to
          be paid or received that reflects any uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax
          rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax
          arising from dividends.

          Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   141
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (t)   Income tax - continued

                 Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts
                 of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation
                 purposes. Deferred tax is not recognized for:

                 —    temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that
                      is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss
                      and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;

                 —    temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
                      to the extent that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary
                      differences and it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;

                 —    taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and

                 —    those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                      to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organization for Economic Co-
                      operation and Development.

                 The Group recognized deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities separately in relation to its
                 lease liabilities and right-of-use assets.

                 Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible
                 temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
                 against which they can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal
                 of relevant taxable temporary differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is
                 insufficient to recognize a deferred tax asset in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for
                 reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered, based on the business plans for
                 individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and
                 are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized;
                 such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.

                 The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
                 manner in which the Group expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying
                 amount of its assets and liabilities.

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.




142   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (u)   Provisions and contingent liabilities

          Generally provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax
          rate that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific
          to the liability.

          Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount
          cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the
          probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence
          will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are
          also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
          remote.

          Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed
          by another party, a separate asset is recognized for any expected reimbursement that would
          be virtually certain. The amount recognized for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying
          amount of the provision.


    (v)   Revenue and other income

          Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision
          of services or the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the
          Group’s business.

          Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:


          (i)   Revenue from contracts with customers

                Revenue is recognized when control over a product or service is transferred to the
                customer at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be
                entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties such as value added
                tax or other sales taxes.


                (a)   Sale of pharmaceutical products

                      The Group enters into framework distribution agreements with all distributors which
                      specify the terms of sales relating to pricing, goods acceptance and return, as well
                      as credit terms. Revenue is recognized when the customer takes possession of and
                      accepts the products. Payment terms and conditions vary by customers and are based
                      on the billing schedule established in the contracts or sales orders with customers,
                      but the Group generally provides credit terms to customers within 30 to 90 days
                      upon customer acceptance. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in
                      paragraph 63 of HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a
                      significant financing component as the period of financing is 12 months or less.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   143
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (v)   Revenue and other income - continued

                 (i)   Revenue from contracts with customers - continued

                       (b)   Commercialization service income

                             Commercialization service income is recognized when the Group satisfies its promise
                             to arrange for the pharmaceutical products to be provided by the seller to the buyer.


                       (c)   License income

                             When the Group grants a license of its intellectual property to customers in a contract
                             bundled with other promised goods or services, it determines whether the license
                             is a distinct performance obligation by assessing whether the customer can benefit
                             from the license on its own or together with other readily available resources and
                             the license is separately identifiable from other goods and services in the contract.
                             The Group considers relevant factors such as whether the other promised services
                             (e.g. manufacturing) are highly specialized or unique for the customer to realize the
                             benefits from the license and whether the Group would be able to fulfil its promise
                             to transfer the license independently of fulfilling its promise to subsequently provide
                             other goods or services.

                             The Group further assesses whether the nature of promise is to provide the customer
                             with a right to use the underlying intellectual property as it exists at the point in
                             time at which the license is granted, or a right to access the underlying intellectual
                             property as it exists throughout the license period. In considering whether license
                             revenue is recognized at a point in time or over time, the Group considers its
                             involvement and activities that it has promised to undertake during the licensing
                             period and the corresponding impact on the customer.

                             When the licensing arrangement contains variable consideration other than a
                             sales-based or usage-based royalty – such as development and/or regulatory
                             milestone payments from the licensee, the amount is estimated using the most
                             likely method based on whether the milestones are considered probable of being
                             achieved and included in the transaction price to the extent that it is highly probable
                             that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when
                             the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Milestone
                             payments subject to uncertainties that are outside the control of the Group or the
                             licensee, such as regulatory approvals, are generally constrained until the required
                             approvals are obtained. The estimated variable consideration is updated at each
                             reporting date to reflect the current facts and circumstances.




144   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (v)   Revenue and other income - continued

          (i)   Revenue from contracts with customers - continued

                (c)   License income - continued

                      Sales-based or usage-based royalties (including milestone payments based on the
                      level of sales) are only recognized when (or as) the latter of two events occurs: (i)
                      the occurrence of subsequent sale or usage, and (ii) the (partial) satisfaction of the
                      performance obligation to which some or all of the sales- or usage-based royalty has
                      been allocated.


                (d)   Research service income

                      For certain revenue from research services, control is transferred over time and
                      revenue is recognized over time by reference to the progress towards complete
                      satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
                      met:

                      —      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by
                             the Group’s performance as the Group performs;

                      —      the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer
                             controls as the Group performs; or

                      —      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to
                             the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
                             completed to date.

                      When the outcome of a research service contract can be reasonably measured,
                      revenue from the contract is recognized over time during the service process using
                      the cost-to-cost method. Under the cost-to-cost method, revenue is recognized based
                      on the proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs to
                      provide a faithful depiction of the transfer of those services.

                      The likelihood of the Group earning contractual bonuses for early completion or
                      suffering contractual penalties for late completion are taken into account in making
                      these estimates, such that revenue is only recognized to the extent that it is highly
                      probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized
                      will not occur. The Group applies the most likely amount approach to estimate such
                      variable consideration by considering the single most likely amount in a limited range
                      of possible consideration amounts, taking into account the Group’s current progress
                      and future performance expectations compared to the agreed completion timeline.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   145
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (v)   Revenue and other income - continued

                 (i)    Revenue from contracts with customers - continued

                        (d)   Research service income - continued

                              When the outcome of the contract cannot be reasonably measured, revenue is
                              recognized only to the extent of contract costs incurred that are expected to be
                              recovered.

                              Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the Group transfers the
                              control for services/deliverable units and has right to payment from the customers for
                              the services performed upon finalization, or upon the delivery and acceptance of the
                              deliverable units.


                 (ii)   Revenue from other sources and other income

                        (a)   Rental income from operating leases

                              Rental income from operating leases is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-
                              line basis over the term of the lease. Lease incentives granted are recognized as an
                              integral part of the total rental income, over the term of the lease. Variable lease
                              payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognized as income in the
                              accounting period in which they are earned.


                        (b)   Dividends

                              Dividend income is recognized in profit or loss on the date on which the Group’s right
                              to receive payment is established.


                        (c)   Interest income

                              Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method. The “effective
                              interest rate” is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts
                              through the expected life of the financial asset to the gross carrying amount of the
                              financial asset. In calculating interest income, the effective interest rate is applied
                              to the gross carrying amount of the asset (when the asset is not credit-impaired).
                              However, for financial assets that have become credit-impaired subsequent to initial
                              recognition, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the
                              amortized cost of the financial asset. If the asset is no longer credit-impaired, then
                              the calculation of interest income reverts to the gross basis.




146   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (v)   Revenue and other income - continued

          (ii)   Revenue from other sources and other income - continued

                 (d)   Government grants

                       Government grants are recognized in the statement of financial position initially
                       when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will
                       comply with the conditions attaching to them.

                       Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognized as income
                       in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are
                       incurred.

                       Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are recognized as deferred
                       income and subsequently recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the
                       useful life of the asset.


    (w) Collaborative arrangements

          The Group analyses its collaborative arrangements to assess whether such arrangements
          involve joint operating activities performed by parties that are both active participants in the
          activities and exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of
          such activities. This assessment is performed throughout the life of the arrangement based on
          changes in the responsibilities of all parties in the arrangement.

          For collaborative arrangements that contain multiple elements, the Group first determines
          any elements of the collaborative are more reflective of a vendor-customer relationship and
          therefore within the scope of HKFRS 15. For those elements that are not accounted for pursuant
          to HKFRS 15, an appropriate recognition method in accordance with other applicable accounting
          standards is determined and applied consistently, considering the rights and obligations of the
          Group to account for the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to its interest in the
          collaborative arrangements.


    (x)   Translation of foreign currencies

          Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of
          group companies at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

          Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the
          functional currency at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and
          liabilities that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated into the functional
          currency at the exchange rate when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary assets and
          liabilities that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign currency are translated at
          the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency differences are generally
          recognized in profit or loss.



                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   147
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (x)   Translation of foreign currencies - continued

                 However, foreign currency differences arising from the translation of an investment in equity
                 securities designated as at FVOCI is recognized in OCI.

                 The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments
                 arising on acquisition, are translated into RMB at the exchange rates at the reporting date. The
                 income and expenses of foreign operations are translated into RMB at the exchange rates at the
                 dates of the transactions.

                 Foreign currency differences are recognized in OCI and accumulated in the exchange reserve,
                 except to the extent that the translation difference is allocated to NCI.

                 When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control, significant
                 influence or joint control is lost, the cumulative amount in the exchange reserve related to
                 that foreign operation is reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.
                 On disposal of a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the
                 exchange differences relating to that foreign operation that have been attributed to the NCI shall
                 be derecognized, but shall not be reclassified to profit or loss. If the Group disposes of part of
                 its interest in a subsidiary but retains control, then the relevant proportion of the cumulative
                 amount is reattributed to NCI. When the Group disposes of only part of an associate or joint
                 venture while retaining significant influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the
                 cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or loss.


           (y)   Borrowing costs

                 Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of
                 an asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or
                 sale are capitalized as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the
                 period in which they are incurred.


           (z)   Related parties

                 (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                       (i)    has control or joint control over the Group;

                       (ii)   has significant influence over the Group; or

                       (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.




148   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi)


2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

    (z)   Related parties - continued

          (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                (i)    The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each
                       parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                (ii)   One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint
                       venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                (iv)   One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
                       third entity.

                (v)    The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                       Group or an entity related to the Group.

                (vi)   The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                (vii) A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of
                       the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                       personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

          Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
          influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


    (aa) Asset acquisition

          Groups of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are assessed to determine if they are
          business or asset acquisitions. On an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, the Group chooses to
          apply a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is an asset
          rather than business acquisition, when substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets
          acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or Group of similar identifiable assets.

          When a Group of assets acquired and liabilities assumed do not constitute a business, the
          overall acquisition cost is allocated to the individual identifiable assets and liabilities based on
          their relative fair values at the date of acquisition. An exception is when the sum of the individual
          fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities differs from the overall acquisition cost. In
          such case, any identifiable assets and liabilities that are initially measured at an amount other
          than cost in accordance with the Group’s policies are measured accordingly, and the residual
          acquisition cost is allocated to the remaining identifiable assets and liabilities based on their
          relative fair values at the date of acquisition.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025   149
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

           (bb) Segment reporting

                  Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial
                  statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most
                  senior executive management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the
                  performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and geographical locations.

                  Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes
                  unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of
                  the nature of products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of
                  customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature
                  of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be
                  aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.


      3    ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

           Sources of estimation uncertainty

           Notes 13, 14, 18, 19, 35 and 40(e) contain information about the assumptions and their risk factors
           relating to impairment on not-ready-for-use intangible assets, goodwill impairment, fair value of
           financial assets and fair value of equity instruments granted. Other significant sources of estimation
           uncertainty are as follows:


           (i)    Net realizable value of inventories

                  Net realizable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
                  business less estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the
                  sale. These estimates are based on the current market conditions and the historical experience
                  of selling products with similar nature. Any change in the assumptions would increase or
                  decrease the amount of inventories write-down or the related reversals of write-down made
                  in prior years and affect the Group’s net assets value. The Group reassesses these estimates
                  annually.


           (ii)   Impairment of trade and other receivables

                  The Group estimates the amount of loss allowance for ECLs on trade and other receivables that
                  are measured at amortized cost based on the credit risk of the respective financial instruments.
                  The loss allowance amount is measured as the asset’s carrying amount and the present value
                  of estimated future cash flows with the consideration of expected future credit loss of the
                  respective financial instrument. The assessment of the credit risk of the respective financial
                  instrument involves high degree of estimation and uncertainty. When the actual future cash
                  flows are less than expected or more than expected, a material impairment loss or a material
                  reversal of impairment loss may arise, accordingly.




150   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


4   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

    (a)   Revenue

          (i)    Disaggregation of revenue

                 Disaggregation of revenue by business lines is as follows:

                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                  Sales of pharmaceutical products                                6,822,801         6,311,467
                  Income from commercialization business
                    – Commercialization service income                              178,365           261,728
                    – Collaborative arrangements                                    231,371            15,216
                  License income                                                    465,524                 –
                  Research service income                                            33,350            46,800

                                                                                  7,731,411         6,635,211


                 The Group’s revenue recognized at point in time and over time were RMB7,698,061,000
                 (2024: RMB6,588,411,000) and RMB33,350,000 (2024: RMB46,800,000), respectively.

                 The Group’s customer base is diversified and includes two customers with whom
                 transactions have exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenues. In 2025, revenues from
                 each of these two customers, including revenue from a group of entities which are
                 known to be under common control with these customers, amounted to approximately
                 RMB1,900,709,000 (2024: RMB1,950,199,000) and RMB956,792,000 (2024: RMB932,700,000),
                 respectively. Details of concentrations of credit risk arising from the customers are set out
                 in Note 40(a).

          (ii)   Revenue expected to be recognized in the future arising from contracts with customers in
                 existence at the reporting date

                 As at December 31, 2025, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated
                 to the remaining performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts is
                 RMB676,772,000 (2024: RMB70,200,000). This amount represents revenue expected to
                 be recognised in the future from the research service contracts or license agreements
                 entered into by the customer with the Group. The Group will recognise the expected
                 revenue in future when the relevant performance obligation is fulfilled, which is expected
                 to occur over the next 12 to 26 months (2024: next 12 to 38 months).

                 The above amount does not include any amounts of variable consideration that the
                 Group may receive in the future by meeting the conditions set out in the Group’s license
                 agreements with customers, unless at the reporting date it is highly probable that the
                 Group will satisfy the conditions for receiving those variable consideration.

                 The Group has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of HKFRS 15 to its
                 contracts for sales of goods and the commercialization service such that information about
                 revenue expected to be recognized in the future is not disclosed in respect of revenue that
                 the Group will be entitled to when it satisfies the remaining performance obligations under
                 these contracts that had an expected duration of one year or less.



                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025   151
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING - continued

           (b)   Segment reporting

                 The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised based on lines of
                 therapeutic areas. In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported
                 internally to the Group’s most senior executive management for the purposes of resource
                 allocation and performance assessment, the Group identified two reportable segments during
                 the year as detailed below. Prior year segment information is restated for comparative purpose.
                 No operating segments have been aggregated to form the following reportable segments.

                 Anti-oncology business           Research and development, manufacturing, sales and
                                                  commercialization of anti-oncology pharmaceuticals
                 Other pharmaceutical             Research and development, manufacturing, sales and
                       business                   commercialization of pharmaceuticals with focus on the multiple
                                                  therapeutic areas including neuroscience, autoimmune and anti-
                                                  infection

                 (i)     Segment results, assets and liabilities

                         For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between
                         segments, the Group’s senior executive management monitors the results and assets
                         attributable to each reportable segment on the following bases:

                         Segment assets include all current and non-current assets with the exception of interest
                         in associates, interest in joint ventures, financial assets at FVOCI and financial assets at
                         FVPL.

                         Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to revenue
                         generated by those segments and the expenses incurred by those segments.

                         The measure used for reporting segment profit/(loss) is adjusted profit before taxation
                         by excluding net realized and unrealized losses on financial assets at FVPL, net realized
                         and unrealized gain on interest in associates at FVPL, interest expenses arising from
                         redemption liabilities, share of losses of associates and share of profits of joint ventures.

                         Disaggregation of revenue by the timing of revenue recognition, as well as information
                         regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s most senior
                         executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment
                         performance for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 is set out below.




152   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              (Expressed in Renminbi)


4   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING - continued

    (b)   Segment reporting - continued

          (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities - continued

                                                                                       2025
                                                                          Anti-            Other
                                                                      oncology     pharmaceutical
                                                                      business           business                 Total
                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000
                 Revenue from external customers                      1,987,421         5,743,990            7,731,411
                 Intersegment revenue                                   37,390             57,220               94,610


                 Reportable segment revenue                           2,024,811         5,801,210            7,826,021


                 Reportable segment (loss)/profit                     (211,811)         1,661,377            1,449,566


                 Reportable segment assets                            3,888,560         9,257,019           13,145,579


                                                                                       2024
                                                                          Anti-               Other
                                                                      oncology     pharmaceutical
                                                                      business           business                 Total
                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000
                 Revenue from external customers                      1,284,761         5,350,450             6,635,211
                 Intersegment revenue                                    11,194            31,539               42,733


                 Reportable segment revenue                           1,295,955         5,381,989             6,677,944


                 Reportable segment (loss)/profit                      (590,945)        1,700,220             1,109,275


                 Reportable segment assets                            3,205,845         7,075,635           10,281,480




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025   153
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING - continued

           (b)   Segment reporting - continued

                 (ii)   Reconciliations of reportable segment revenues, profit or loss and assets

                                                                                               2025         2024
                                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000
                         Revenue
                         Reportable segment revenue                                       7,826,021     6,677,944
                         Intersegment elimination                                           (94,610)      (42,733)

                         Consolidated revenue                                             7,731,411     6,635,211


                                                                                               2025         2024
                                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000
                         Profit
                         Reportable segment profit                                        1,449,566     1,109,275
                         Intersegment elimination                                             3,335         2,299
                         Net realized and unrealized gains/(losses) on
                           financial assets at FVPL                                         132,191      (266,249)
                         Net realized and unrealized gain on interest in
                           associates at FVPL                                                 4,893             –
                         Interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities              (74,545)      (38,772)
                         Share of losses of associates                                       (2,716)       (1,632)
                         Share of profits of joint ventures                                   1,606         3,794

                         Consolidated profit before taxation                              1,514,330      808,715


                                                                                               2025         2024
                                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000
                         Assets
                         Reportable segment assets                                      13,145,579     10,281,480
                         Intersegment elimination                                           (23,771)      (76,333)
                         Interest in associates                                              58,712       50,870
                         Interest in joint ventures                                         104,188      102,342
                         Financial assets at FVOCI                                          297,365      279,989
                         Financial assets at FVPL                                         1,143,560      961,502

                         Consolidated total assets                                      14,725,633     11,599,850




154   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              (Expressed in Renminbi)


4   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING - continued

    (b)   Segment reporting - continued

          (iii)   Geographic information

                  HKFRS 8, Operating Segments, requires identification and disclosure of information about
                  an entity’s geographical areas, regardless of the entity’s organization (i.e. even if the entity
                  has a single reportable segment). The Group operates within one geographical location
                  because primarily all of its revenue was generated in the PRC and primarily all of its
                  non-current operating assets and capital expenditure were located/incurred in the PRC.
                  Accordingly, no geographical information is presented.


5   OTHER INCOME AND OTHER NET GAIN/(LOSS)

    (a)   Other income

                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                           (restated)
                                                                                                            (Note 41)
            Government grants (Note)                                                      161,369            226,189
            Rental income                                                                    2,370                128
            Property management income                                                         547                874
            Consulting and technology service income                                        14,898             15,115
            Others                                                                           1,943              8,529

                                                                                          181,127            250,835


          Note:

          During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group received unconditional government grants of
          RMB105,955,000 (2024: RMB106,473,000) as rewards of the Group’s contribution to technology innovation and
          regional economic development.

          During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group received conditional government grants of RMB23,500,000
          (2024: RMB59,299,000, as restated) as subsidies for construction and equipment and recognized such grants of
          RMB35,665,000 (2024: RMB33,310,000) in the consolidated statements of profit or loss when related conditions
          were satisfied. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group received conditional government grants
          of RMB104,293,000 (2024: RMB67,750,000) as encouragement of technology research and development and
          recognized such type of grants of RMB19,749,000 (2024: RMB86,406,000) in the consolidated statements of profit
          when related conditions were satisfied.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025    155
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      5    OTHER INCOME AND OTHER NET GAIN/(LOSS) - continued

           (b)   Other net gain/(loss)

                                                                                 2025          2024
                                                                              RMB’000     RMB’000
                  Net foreign exchange gain/(loss)                             21,996       (20,873)
                  Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment           231           984
                  Net realized and unrealized gains/(losses) on
                    financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     132,191      (266,249)
                  Net realized and unrealized gain on interest in
                    associates at fair value through profit or loss             4,893             –
                  Net loss on disposal of intangible assets                          –       (2,485)
                  (Loss on)/reversal of provision for litigations              (20,932)         902

                                                                              138,379      (287,721)



      6    PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

           Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


           (a)   Net finance costs

                                                                                 2025          2024
                                                                              RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                          (restated)
                                                                                          (Note 41)
                  Interest income from bank deposits                           (52,265)     (36,133)
                  Interest income from loan to a third party                    (3,486)      (3,486)

                  Finance income                                               (55,751)     (39,619)

                  Interest expenses on bank loans                              16,501        25,137
                  Interest expenses on lease liabilities                        4,756         5,648

                  Finance costs                                                21,257        30,785

                  Interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities
                    (Note 33)                                                  74,545        38,772

                  Net finance costs                                            40,051        29,938




156   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (Expressed in Renminbi)


6   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION - continued

    (b)   Staff costs

                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                              (restated)
                                                                                                               (Note 41)
           Salaries, wages and other benefits                                              2,110,748           1,915,044
           Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans (Note)                     135,558             121,304
           Equity settled share-based payment expenses (Note 35)                              89,567              97,810

                                                                                           2,335,873           2,134,158


          Note:

          Employees of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement plans
          administered and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries contribute funds
          which are calculated on certain percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal
          government to the plan to fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

          The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as incurred and not reduced
          by contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the plans prior to vesting fully in the contributions. The
          Group has no other material obligation for the payment of retirement benefits associated with the scheme beyond
          the annual contributions described above.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025     157
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      6    PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION - continued

           (c)   Other items

                                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (restated)
                                                                                                                       (Note 41)
                   Cost of inventories recognized as expenses (Note i)                               979,448             978,199
                   Depreciation charge
                    – owned property, plant and equipment                                            206,305             223,380
                    – right-of-use assets                                                             78,809              77,617
                   Amortization of intangible assets                                                  95,721              36,859
                   Research and development costs (Note ii)                                        1,563,018           1,417,292
                   Reversals of impairment on trade and other receivables                             (2,917)             (6,842)
                   Auditors’ remuneration
                    – audit services of the Company                                                     4,300               4,300
                    – other audit related and non-audit services                                        2,705                 391


                 Notes:

                 (i)    Cost of inventories recognized as expenses includes amounts relating to staff costs, depreciation and
                        amortization expenses, which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above
                        or in Note 6(b) for each of these types of expenses.

                 (ii)   Research and development costs include amounts relating to staff costs, depreciation and amortization
                        expenses, which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above or in Note 6(b)
                        for each of these types of expenses.




158   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (Expressed in Renminbi)


7   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS

    (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statements of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000
            Current tax


            PRC Corporate Income Tax
            Provision for the year                                                            218,914            193,847
            Under/(over)-provision in respect of prior years (Note 7(b))                        4,555              (5,579)

                                                                                              223,469            188,268

            Overseas corporate income tax
            Provision for the year                                                                 343                230

            Overseas withholding tax
            Provision for the year                                                             15,058                    –

            Deferred tax


            Origination and reversal of temporary differences (Note 30(b))                    (68,548)          (101,785)

            Total income tax                                                                  170,322             86,713


          Notes:

          (i)    Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Hong Kong, the Company and the subsidiary in Hong
                 Kong were liable to the Hong Kong Profits Tax at a rate of 16.5% during the years ended December 31, 2025
                 and 2024.

          (ii)   The PRC subsidiaries of the Group are subject to PRC Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) at a statutory rate of
                 25%, except for the following specified subsidiaries:

                 According to the Administrative Measures for Determination of High-Tech Enterprises (Guokefahuo [2016]
                 No. 32), Hainan Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hainan Simcere”) obtained the qualification as a high-
                 tech enterprise and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2023 to 2025.

                 Shandong Simcere Zaiming Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shandong Simcere”) obtained the qualification as
                 a high-tech enterprise and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2023 to
                 2025.

                 Simcere Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Simcere Pharmaceutical”) obtained the qualification as a high-tech
                 enterprise and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2024 to 2026.

                 Simcere Zaiming Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. obtained the qualification as a high-tech enterprise and was
                 entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2024 to 2026.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025    159
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      7    INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS - continued

           (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statements of profit or loss represents: - continued

                 Notes: - continued

                 (ii)    (continued)

                         Jiangsu Simcere Biological Co., Ltd. obtained the qualification as a high-tech enterprise and was entitled to
                         a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2025 to 2027.

                         Jiangsu Xiansheng Biology Medical Co., Ltd. obtained the qualification as a high-tech enterprise and was
                         entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the years from 2025 to 2027.

                         According to the prevailing PRC CIT law and its relevant regulations, non-PRC tax resident enterprises
                         are levied withholding tax on dividends from their PRC resident investees for intra-group earnings
                         accumulated beginning on January 1, 2008, at 10% (unless reduced by tax treaties or similar arrangements).
                         Undistributed earnings generated prior to 2008 are exempt from such withholding tax. Under the
                         arrangement between the Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance
                         of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income and its relevant
                         regulations, dividends paid by a PRC resident enterprise to its direct holding company in Hong Kong will be
                         subject to withholding tax at a reduced rate of 5% (if the Hong Kong investor is the “beneficial owner” and
                         owns directly at least 25% of the equity interest of the PRC resident enterprise for the past twelve months
                         before the dividends distribution).

                         Pursuant to Notice on Expanding the Applicable Scope of the Policy of Temporarily Not Levying Withholding
                         Income Tax on Overseas Investors’ Direct Investment with Distributed Profits (Caishui [2018] No.102),
                         withholding tax on dividends distributed by from a PRC resident enterprise to its direct overseas holding
                         company was not levied if the dividend distributed was reinvested to the PRC resident investees.

                 (iii)   Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of the United States, the Group’s subsidiaries in the United
                         States were liable to United States federal income tax at a rate of 21% plus the state income tax determined
                         by income ranges during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                 (iv)    Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of the United Kingdom, the Group’s subsidiary in the United
                         Kingdom was liable to the United Kingdom corporation tax at a rate of 19% during the years ended December
                         31, 2025 and 2024.

                 (v)     Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Finland, the Group’s subsidiary in Finland was liable to
                         Finnish income tax at a rate of 20% during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                 (vi)    Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Singapore, the Group’s subsidiary in Singapore was
                         liable to Singapore corporate income tax at a rate of 17% during the year ended December 31, 2025 and
                         2024.

                 (vii)   Pursuant to the tax agreements between PRC and certain overseas jurisdiction for the avoidance of
                         double taxation and the prevention of tax evasion with respect to taxes on income, the royalties arising in a
                         contracting state and paid to a resident of the other contracting state may be taxed in that other contracting
                         state, however, such royalties may also be taxed in the contracting state in which they arise and according
                         to the laws of that contracting state, but if the recipient is the beneficial owner of the royalties, the tax so
                         charged shall not exceed 10% of the gross amount of the royalties. During the year ended December 31,
                         2025, the Group’ provision for withholding tax was made for certain license income.

                 (viii) As disclosed in Note 7(c), the Group is also liable to Pillar Two income taxes.




160   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (Expressed in Renminbi)


7   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS - continued

    (b)   Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                 (restated)
                                                                                                                 (Note 41)
            Profit before taxation                                                           1,514,330             808,715

            Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated using the
                PRC statutory tax rate of 25%                                                  378,583             202,179
            Tax effect of different tax rates                                                 (148,699)           (146,152)
            Tax effect of non-deductible expenses (Note i)                                       30,592             67,347
            Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                    (32,725)             (4,580)
            Tax effect of tax losses and temporary differences
                not recognized                                                                   65,827             92,667
            Tax effect of bonus deduction for research and
                development costs                                                             (179,389)           (140,600)
            Tax effect of change in tax rates                                                    15,316               1,090
            Tax effect of previously recognized tax losses now
                derecognized                                                                      1,770                    –
            Tax effect of previously unrecognized tax losses and
                temporary differences now utilized                                               (5,566)             (5,839)
            Tax effect of withholding tax on undistributed profits                               25,000             26,180
            Tax effect of withholding tax on license income                                      15,058                    –
            Under/(over)-provision in respect of prior years                                      4,555              (5,579)

            Actual tax expense                                                                 170,322              86,713


          Note:

          (i)     Tax effect of non-deductible expenses mainly represented the tax effect of equity settled share-based
                  payment expenses, expenses incurred by entities without assessable profits and other non-deductible
                  expenses and tax effect of net realized and unrealized loss on financial assets of FVPL which is not subject
                  to deduction under Hong Kong Profits Tax rules




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025    161
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      7    INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS - continued

           (c)   Pillar Two income taxes

                 The company is part of a multinational enterprise group which is subject to the Global Anti-Base
                 Erosion Model Rules (“Pillar Two model rules”) published by the Organization for Economic Co-
                 operation and Development.

                 The Pillar Two income taxes are levied on subsidiaries under the new tax laws in United Kingdom
                 and Finland which introduced a domestic minimum top-up tax effective from January 1, 2024.

                 From January 1, 2025, the Group is also liable to Pillar Two income taxes under the Hong Kong
                 Inland Revenue (Amendment) (Minimum Tax for Multinational Enterprise Groups) Ordinance
                 2025 for its earnings in the Hong Kong SAR and certain other jurisdictions where a domestic
                 minimum top-up tax has not been implemented, including the Chinese Mainland.

                 The Group did not recognize any current tax expense related to Pillar Two income taxes for
                 the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024: nil). The Group has applied the temporary mandatory
                 exception to recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities
                 related to Pillar Two income taxes and accounted for the tax as current tax when incurred.




162   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


8   DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

    Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
    and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as
    follows:

                                                 Salaries,
                                               allowances                  Retirement               Share-based
                                 Directors’   and benefits Discretionary      scheme                  payments
                                      fees         in kind      bonuses contributions   Sub-Total        (Note)   2025 Total
                                  RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
     Executive directors


     Ren Jinsheng                        –          4,943          3,116          51        8,110             –       8,110
     Wan Yushan                          –          2,074          3,881          71        6,026         2,047       8,073
     Tang Renhong                        –          3,634          5,830          71        9,535        38,733      48,268
     Wang Xi                             –          1,102           659           16        1,777          367        2,144


     Independent non-executive
       directors


     Wang Xinhua                       360              –             –            –         360             –          360
     Song Ruilin                       360              –             –            –         360             –          360
     Wang Jianguo                      360              –             –            –         360             –          360
     Sung Ka Woon                      366              –             –            –         366             –          366

                                     1,446         11,753        13,486          209       26,894        41,147      68,041




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025    163
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      8    DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS - continued

                                                          Salaries,
                                                        allowances                  Retirement               Share-based
                                          Directors’   and benefits Discretionary      scheme                  payments
                                               fees         in kind      bonuses contributions   Sub-Total        (Note)    2024 Total
                                           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
            Executive directors


            Ren Jinsheng                          –          5,010             –            46       5,056             –        5,056
            Wan Yushan                            –          1,932           950           71        2,953          (780)       2,173
            Tang Renhong                          –          3,681          1,818          84        5,583        51,268       56,851
            Wang Xi                               –          1,117           555           16        1,688           332        2,020


            Independent non-executive
              directors


            Wang Xinhua                         360              –             –             –        360              –          360
            Song Ruilin                         360              –             –            –         360              –          360
            Wang Jianguo                        360              –             –            –         360              –          360
            Sung Ka Woon                        360              –             –            –         360              –          360

                                              1,440         11,740          3,323         217       16,720        50,820       67,540


           All the executive directors are key management personnel of the Group for the year ended December
           31, 2025 and their remuneration disclosed above include those for services rendered by them as key
           management personnel.

           Apart from the above, no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to which the Company
           was a party, and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, subsisted at the end of
           the year or at any time during the year.

           Note:

           These represent the estimated value of share-based payments instruments granted to the directors under the Group’s
           share incentive scheme. The value of these share-based payments instruments is measured according to the Group’s
           accounting policies for share-based payment transactions and, in accordance with that policy, includes adjustments to
           reverse amounts accrued in previous years where grants of the instruments are forfeited prior to vesting. The details of
           these benefits in kind, including the principal terms and number of the instruments granted, are disclosed in Note 35.




164   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              (Expressed in Renminbi)


9   INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

    Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, three (2024: two) are directors whose
    emoluments are disclosed in Note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the remaining
    individuals are as follows:

                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                               5,645             10,252
     Discretionary bonuses                                                   7,296              2,921
     Retirement scheme contributions                                           167                250
     Share-based payments                                                    5,545              3,190

                                                                            18,653             16,613


    The emoluments of the two (2024: three) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the
    following bands:

                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                        Number of          Number of
                                                                        individuals        individuals
     HKD5,000,001 to HKD5,500,000                                                –                   2
     HKD6,000,001 to HKD6,500,000                                                –                   1
     HKD9,500,001 to HKD10,000,000                                               1                   –
     HKD10,500,001 to HKD11,000,000                                              1                   –




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025   165
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      10   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

           Tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income

                                                                         Financial assets
                                                                             at fair value
                                                                           through other
                                                           Exchange      comprehensive
                                                          differences       income – net
                                                       on translation movement in fair
                                                          of financial    value reserves
                                                          statements     (non-recycling)        Total
                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000
            For the year ended December 31, 2024
            Before-tax amount                                  14,687             104,923     119,610
            Tax effect                                              –             (15,737)    (15,737)

            Net-of-tax amount                                  14,687              89,186     103,873

            For the year ended December 31, 2025
            Before-tax amount                                 (57,183)            17,376      (39,807)
            Tax effect                                              –              (2,607)     (2,607)

            Net-of-tax amount                                 (57,183)            14,769      (42,414)




166   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi)


11   EARNINGS PER SHARE

     (a)   Basic earnings per share

           The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity
           shareholders of the Company of RMB1,344,008,000 (2024: RMB722,002,000, as restated) and the
           weighted average of 2,481,252,040 ordinary shares (2024: 2,512,953,608 ordinary shares) in issue
           during the year, calculated as follows:


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                    2025               2024
            Issued ordinary shares at January 1                            2,486,320,618      2,616,722,618
            Effect of purchase of own shares (Note 36(c))                    (10,401,821)       (69,631,964)
            Issue of ordinary shares by placing (Note 36(c))                  37,128,767                   –
            Effect of vested shares under 2021 RSU Scheme (Note 35)            2,341,522                   –
            Effect of unvested shares under 2021 RSU Scheme (Note 35)        (34,137,046)       (34,137,046)

            Weighted average number of ordinary shares at
              December 31                                                  2,481,252,040      2,512,953,608



     (b)   Diluted earnings per share

           The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity
           shareholders of the Company of RMB1,344,008,000 (2024: RMB722,002,000, as restated) and
           the weighted average of ordinary shares of 2,488,558,740 shares (2024: 2,519,978,448 shares),
           calculated as follows:


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

                                                                                    2025               2024
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares at
              December 31                                                  2,481,252,040      2,512,953,608
            Effect of deemed issuance of shares under 2021
              RSU scheme for nil consideration (Note 35)                       7,306,700          7,024,840

            Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)
              at December 31                                               2,488,558,740      2,519,978,448




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   167
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      12   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

           (a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount

                                                                                                      Furniture,
                                                                                        Machinery       fixtures
                                                               Leasehold   Plant and          and     and office      Motor Construction
                                                                   Land    buildings    equipment     equipment     vehicles    in progress        Total
                                                                RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                  Cost:
                  At January 1, 2024, as previously reported     423,852   1,306,328     1,131,660      159,097       34,917       343,471     3,399,325
                  Business combinations under common
                    control                                            –           –          383           755            –        49,695        50,833
                  At January 1, 2024, as restated                423,852   1,306,328     1,132,043      159,852       34,917       393,166     3,450,158

                  Additions                                       35,025      52,216       57,276         5,857         216        264,272      414,862
                  Transfers                                            –    253,321         3,449           239            –       (257,009)           –
                  Disposals                                            –     (31,785)      (10,045)       (1,292)       (448)             –      (43,570)

                  At December 31, 2024 and January 1, 2025       458,877   1,580,080    1,182,723       164,656      34,685        400,429     3,821,450
                  Additions                                            –     70,667        50,067         8,980         111        363,902      493,727
                  Transfers                                            –       7,703          240              –           –         (7,943)           –
                  Disposals                                            –    (109,963)       (6,718)       (1,552)     (1,035)             –     (119,268)

                  At December 31, 2025                           458,877   1,548,487    1,226,312       172,084      33,761        756,388     4,195,909

                  Accumulated depreciation and impairment:
                  At January 1, 2024, as previously reported      43,493    462,329       580,963       113,235      28,966               –    1,228,986
                  Business combinations under common
                    control                                            –           –            42          108            –              –         150
                  At January 1, 2024, as restated                 43,493    462,329       581,005       113,343       28,966              –    1,229,136

                  Charge for the year                             10,402    156,690       114,854        16,942        2,109              –     300,997
                  Written back on disposals                            –     (24,554)      (10,013)       (1,050)       (448)             –      (36,065)

                  At December 31, 2024 and January 1, 2025        53,895    594,465       685,846       129,235      30,627               –    1,494,068
                  Charge for the year                              9,407    150,157       112,624        11,109       1,817               –     285,114
                  Written back on disposals                            –   (106,249)        (6,082)       (1,539)     (1,035)             –    (114,905)

                  At December 31, 2025                            63,302    638,373       792,388       138,805      31,409               –    1,664,277

                  Net book value:
                  At December 31, 2024                           404,982    985,615       496,877        35,421        4,058       400,429     2,327,382

                  At December 31, 2025                           395,575    910,114       433,924        33,279       2,352        756,388     2,531,632




168   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


12   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - continued

     (a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount - continued

           As at December 31, 2025, property certificates of certain properties and leasehold land with an
           aggregate net book value of RMB118,410,000 (2024: RMB149,334,000) is yet to be obtained.

           As at December 31, 2025, leasehold land with net book value of RMB108,340,000 (2024:
           RMB110,641,000) was pledged as security for banking facilities, which were not used at the
           reporting date.


     (b)   Right-of-use assets

           The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as
           follows:

                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000
            Leasehold land                                                          395,575            404,982
            Plant and buildings                                                     116,205            126,167

                                                                                    511,780            531,149


           The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognized in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000
            Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class of
              underlying asset:
            Leasehold land                                                             9,407            10,402
            Plant and buildings                                                      69,402             67,215

                                                                                     78,809             77,617

            Interest on lease liabilities (Note 6(a))                                  4,756             5,648
            Expense relating to short-term leases                                      8,340             8,617

           During the year ended December 31, 2025, additions to right-of-use assets were RMB63,140,000
           (2024: RMB75,059,000). This amount included the acquisition of leasehold land of nil (2024:
           RMB35,025,000), and the remainder primarily related to the capitalized lease payments under
           new tenancy agreements.

           Details of total cash outflow for leases, the maturity analysis of lease liabilities and future cash
           outflow arising from leases are set out in Notes 25(f), 27 and 40(b), respectively.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025   169
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      13   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                        Exclusive
                                        Developed                        Product commercialization    In-licensed
                                        technology     GSP licenses   trademarks         rights (i)     rights(ii)       Total
                                         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
            Cost:
            At January 1, 2024               246,777           343         4,303          125,472        606,879      983,774
            Additions                              –             –             –          235,849        113,147      348,996
            Disposals                              –             –             –                 –         (2,485)      (2,485)

            At December 31, 2024 and
              January 1, 2025                246,777           343         4,303          361,321        717,541     1,330,285
            Additions                             –              –             –                 –       512,875      512,875

            At December 31, 2025             246,777           343         4,303          361,321      1,230,416     1,843,160

            Accumulated amortization:
            At January 1, 2024               246,476           343         4,303                 –        16,866      267,988
            Charge for the year                  18              –             –           11,230         25,611        36,859

            At December 31, 2024 and
              January 1, 2025                246,494           343         4,303           11,230         42,477      304,847
            Charge for the year                  18              –             –           23,585         72,118       95,721

            At December 31, 2025             246,512           343         4,303           34,815        114,595      400,568

            Net book value:
            At December 31, 2024                283              –             –          350,091        675,064     1,025,438

            At December 31, 2025                265              –             –          326,506      1,115,821     1,442,592


           The Group’s intangible assets as at December 31, 2025 mainly represent developed technology, GSP
           licenses, product trademarks acquired by the Group in connection with the acquisitions of the Group’s
           operating subsidiaries in the PRC, and the exclusive commercialization rights and in-licensed rights
           either arising from collaboration arrangement with third parties or separately acquired by the Group.

           The amortization charge for the year of exclusive commercialization rights and in-licensed rights is
           included in “cost of sales” and the other amortization is included in “research and development costs”
           in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




170   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


13   INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

     (i)   Exclusive commercialization rights

           The exclusive commercialization rights include certain intangible assets not ready for use.
           Details are as below.

           On March 18, 2022, the Group entered into an agreement with a third party for an exclusive
           commercialization right in relation to a drug under development in China at the consideration
           of RMB125,472,000. The third party is responsible for clinical development of the drug and the
           Group will have exclusive marketing right to the drug after regulatory approval.

           As at December 31, 2025, the exclusive commercialization rights is not yet available for use
           and is not amortized. As such, it is subject to annual impairment test based on the recoverable
           amount of the CGU to which the intangible asset is related to which is at the product level.
           Management determined the recoverable amount of the relevant CGU using the value in
           use calculations. The Group engaged an independent professional valuer to assist with the
           calculation. The calculation used cash flow projections based on management’s expectations
           of the expected time period for a pharmaceutical drug development to commercialization and
           other factors, including the patent protection period, the historical life of similar products,
           the characteristics of such technologies, their update frequency and market requirement and
           competition. The expected average earnings before interest and taxes (“EBIT”) growth rate
           was estimated taking into account revenue, gross margins and operating expenses to reflect
           the characteristics of the commercial right and the expectation for market development. The
           discount rate used is pre-tax and reflects specific risks relating to the drug.

           The key assumptions used in estimating the recoverable amount are as follows:

                                                                                       2025              2024
            Expected average EBIT growth rate                                          12%                 8%
            Pre-tax discount rate                                                      26%                26%


           Based on the result of impairment assessment, there was no impairment as at December 31,
           2025.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025   171
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      13   INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

           (i)    Exclusive commercialization rights - continued

                  The Group has performed sensitivity test by increasing 1% of pre-tax discount rate or decreasing
                  1% of expected average EBIT growth rate, which are the key assumptions for determining the
                  recoverable amount of the intangible asset, with all other variables held constant. The impacts
                  on the amount by which the intangible asset’s recoverable amount above its carrying amount
                  (headroom) are as below:

                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000
                   Headroom                                                               62,048           45,889
                   Impact by increasing pre-tax discount rate                             (8,870)          (9,263)
                   Impact by decreasing expected average EBIT growth rate                 (5,850)          (4,640)


                  Considering there was still sufficient headroom based on the assessment, management believes
                  that a reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions on which management has
                  based its determination of the CGU’s recoverable amount would not cause its carrying amount
                  to exceed its recoverable amount.


           (ii)   In-licensed rights

                  As at December 31, 2025, certain in-licensed rights, being the rights acquired to develop and
                  commercialize the drug product, are not yet available for use and are not amortized. As such,
                  the intangible assets are subject to annual impairment test based on the respective recoverable
                  amount of the CGU to which the intangible asset is related to which is at the product level.
                  Management determined the recoverable amount of the relevant CGU using the value in use
                  calculations. The calculation used cash flow projections based on management’s expectations
                  of the expected time period for a pharmaceutical drug development to commercialization and
                  other factors, including the patent protection period, the historical life of similar products,
                  the characteristics of such technologies, their update frequency and market requirement and
                  competition. The cash flows beyond the projection period are extrapolated using negative growth
                  rate. The expected average EBIT growth rate was estimated taking into account revenue, gross
                  margins and operating expenses to reflect the characteristics of the license and the expectation
                  for market development. The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflects specific risks relating to
                  the respective drug.




172   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


13   INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

     (ii)   In-licensed rights - continued

            Rademikibart

            On November 21, 2023, the Group entered into an agreement with a third party to have an
            exclusive right to develop and commercialize a drug product in the Greater China region.

            The consideration payable by the Group comprises upfront payment, additional milestone
            payments, commercialization milestone payments and royalties based upon future sales. As at
            December 31, 2024, an upfront payment of USD30,000,000 (equivalent to RMB209,718,000) is
            recognized as an intangible assets.

            The key assumptions used in estimating the recoverable amount are as follows:

                                                                                     2025                2024
             Expected average EBIT growth rate                                        12%                 16%
             Pre-tax discount rate                                                    20%                 20%


            Based on the result of impairment assessment, there was no impairment as at December 31,
            2025.

            The Group has performed sensitivity test by increasing 1% of pre-tax discount rate or decreasing
            1% of expected average EBIT growth rate, which are the key assumptions for determining the
            recoverable amount of the intangible asset, with all other variables held constant. The impacts
            on the amount by which the intangible asset’s recoverable amount above its carrying amount
            (headroom) are as below:

                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000
             Headroom                                                               79,651             60,788
             Impact by increasing pre-tax discount rate                            (42,993)           (56,455)
             Impact by decreasing expected average EBIT growth rate                (18,887)           (28,598)


            Considering there was still sufficient headroom based on the assessment, management believes
            that a reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions on which management has
            based its determination of the CGU’s recoverable amount would not cause its carrying amount
            to exceed its recoverable amount.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025   173
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      13   INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

           (ii)   In-licensed rights - continued

                  Vigonvita

                  On December 3, 2025, the Group entered into an agreement with a third party to have an
                  exclusive right to develop and commercialize a drug product in the Greater China region.

                  The consideration payable by the Group comprises upfront payment, additional milestone
                  payments, commercialization milestone payments and royalties based upon future sales. An
                  upfront payment of RMB30,000,000 paid by the Group was recognized as an intangible asset in
                  2025.

                  The key assumptions used in estimating the recoverable amount are as follows:

                                                                                                             2025
                   Expected average EBIT growth rate                                                          4%
                   Pre-tax discount rate                                                                     25%


                  Based on the result of impairment assessment, there was no impairment as at December 31,
                  2025.

                  The Group has performed sensitivity test by increasing 1% of pre-tax discount rate or decreasing
                  1% of expected average EBIT growth rate, which are the key assumptions for determining the
                  recoverable amount of the intangible asset, with all other variables held constant. The impacts
                  on the amount by which the intangible asset’s recoverable amount above its carrying amount
                  (headroom) are as below:

                                                                                                          2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000
                   Headroom                                                                               60,970
                   Impact by increasing pre-tax discount rate                                            (17,208)
                   Impact by decreasing expected average EBIT growth rate                                 (7,224)


                  Considering there was still sufficient headroom based on the assessment, management believes
                  that a reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions on which management has
                  based its determination of the CGU’s recoverable amount would not cause its carrying amount
                  to exceed its recoverable amount.




174   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Renminbi)


14   GOODWILL

                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
      Balance at the beginning and the end of the year                         142,474            142,474



     Impairment tests for cash-generating unit containing goodwill

                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
      Shandong Simcere                                                           91,790            91,790
      Other pharmaceutical business                                              50,684            50,684

      Balance at the end of the year                                           142,474            142,474


     The Group performs annual impairment test on goodwill at the end of the reporting year. The
     recoverable amount of each CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These
     calculations use cash flow projections based on five-year financial budgets approved by management
     with the final year representing a steady state in the development of the business. Cash flows
     beyond the period are extrapolated using zero growth rate. The key assumptions used for the value
     in use calculations are the discount rate and budgeted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
     and amortization (“EBITDA”) growth rate in the projection period. The discount rate was a pre-
     tax measure based on the risk-free rate in the relevant market and in the same currency as the
     cash flows, adjusted for a risk premium to reflect both the increased risk of investing in equities
     generally and the systematic risk of the CGU. Budgeted EBITDA growth rate in the projection period
     was estimated taking into account revenue, gross margins and operating expenses based on past
     performance and its expectation for market development.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   175
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      14   GOODWILL - continued

           Impairment tests for cash-generating unit containing goodwill - continued

           Key assumptions used in estimating the recoverable amount are as follows:

                                                                                         2025            2024
            Pre-tax discount rate
              Shandong Simcere                                                         15.0%           15.0%
              Other pharmaceutical business                                            15.0%           15.0%


            Budgeted EBITDA growth rate (average of forecast period)
              Shandong Simcere                                                         26.1%           19.3%
              Other pharmaceutical business                                             5.8%             7.1%

           The estimated recoverable amount of the Shandong Simcere CGU and other pharmaceutical
           business CGU exceeded its carrying amount as at December 31, 2025 by RMB214,790,000 (2024:
           RMB329,907,000) and RMB6,778,879,000 (2024: RMB5,465,117,000), respectively.

           Management performed sensitivity analysis of two key assumptions that could significantly affect the
           recoverable amount. The following table shows the percentage point by which these two assumptions
           would need to change individually for the estimated recoverable amount to be equal to the carrying
           amount:


           Change required for carrying amount to equal recoverable amount (in percentage point)

                                                                                         2025            2024
            Shandong Simcere
              Increase in discount rate                                                 3.1%             3.3%
              Decrease in budgeted EBITDA growth rate
                 (average of forecast period)                                           -8.5%           -5.1%


            Other pharmaceutical business
              Increase in discount rate                                                19.6%           18.6%
              Decrease in budgeted EBITDA growth rate
                 (average of forecast period)                                          -12.1%         -14.7%

           The recoverable amount of the CGUs based on the value-in-use calculations was higher than
           the carrying amount as at December 31, 2025. Accordingly, no impairment loss for goodwill was
           recognized in the consolidated statements of profit or loss. Also, based on the sensitivity analysis
           above, the Group concluded that a reasonably possible change in key parameters would not cause the
           carrying amount of the CGU to exceed its recoverable amount as at December 31, 2025.




176   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   (Expressed in Renminbi)


15   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

     The following list contains the particulars of subsidiaries which affected the results, assets or
     liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.


                                    Place of incorporation         Particulars of   Attributable equity interest
                                            and business/             issued and       held by the Company
      Company name                   date of incorporation        paid-in capital       Directly       Indirectly      Principal activities
      Jiangsu Simcere                            The PRC     United States Dollar         100%                 –       Investment holding
        Pharmaceutical Group              August 14, 2017                (“USD”)
        Co., Ltd (江蘇先聲醫藥                                             251,500,000
        集團有限公司)(Formerly
        known as Jiangsu Simcere
        Pharmaceutical Technology
        Co., Ltd.江蘇先聲醫藥科技
        有限公司) (Note)
      Simcere Pharmaceutical                     The PRC         USD150,392,778           100%                 –       Investment holding
        (Shandong)Co., Ltd.                March 28, 2022
        (先聲藥業（山東）有限公司)
        (Note)
      Simcere UK Limited              The United Kingdom     Great Britain Pound          100%                 –       Pharmaceutical related
                                       December 20, 2017                 (“GBP”)                                         business development
                                                                             100                                         and cooperation
      Oy Simcere Europe Ltd.                      Finland           Euro (“EUR”)          100%                 –       Pharmaceutical related
                                      September 14, 2007                   2,500                                         business development
                                                                                                                         and cooperation
      Simcere Pharmaceutical Co.,                The PRC           Chinese Yuan                –           100%        Manufacturing and sales
        Ltd.(先聲藥業有限公司)                September 10, 1998                 (“RMB”)                                         of pharmaceutical
        (Note)                                                     1,602,813,820                                         products
      Hainan Simcere                             The PRC        RMB221,110,900                 –           100%        Manufacturing and sales
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.            April 28, 1993                                                               of pharmaceutical
        (海南先聲藥業有限公司)                                                                                                     products
        (Note)
      Jiangsu Simcere                            The PRC        RMB400,000,000                 –           100%        Research and
        Biological Co., Ltd.                 July 10, 2017                                                               development,
        (江蘇先聲生物製藥有限公司)                                                                                                   manufacturing
        (Note)                                                                                                           and sales of
                                                                                                                         pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                         products
      Wuhu Simcere Zhongren                      The PRC         RMB37,000,000                 –           100%        Manufacturing and sales
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.      September 19, 2008                                                                 of pharmaceutical
        (蕪湖先聲中人藥業有限公司)                                                                                                   products
        (Note)



                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       177
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      15   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES - continued


                                            Place of incorporation     Particulars of   Attributable equity interest
                                                    and business/         issued and       held by the Company
            Company name                     date of incorporation    paid-in capital       Directly       Indirectly   Principal activities
            Nanjing BioSciKin                            The PRC     RMB86,660,000                 –           100%     Investment holding
              Biotechnology Development        December 13, 2018
              Co., Ltd. (南京百家匯生物科
              技發展有限公司) (Note)
            Simcere International Limited              Hong Kong      USD10,000,000                –           100%     Pharmaceutical related
                                                    June 19, 2014                                                         business development
                                                                                                                          and cooperation
            Simgene LLC                         The United States     Not applicable               –           100%     Investment holding
                                                    April 19, 2019
            Simcere of America Inc.             The United States            USD125                –           100%     Pharmaceutical related
                                                  January 5, 2011                                                         business development
                                                                                                                          and cooperation and
                                                                                                                          investment holding
            Jiangsu Simcere                              The PRC     RMB568,800,000                –           100%     Sales, distribution
              Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.             March 28, 1995                                                         and research and
              (江蘇先聲藥業有限公司)                                                                                                development of
              (Note)                                                                                                      pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                          products
            Shanghai Simcere                             The PRC     RMB154,000,000                –           100%     Sales and distribution
              Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.               July 20, 2000                                                        of pharmaceutical
              (上海先聲藥業有限公司)                                                                                                products
              (Note)
            Zigong Yirong                                The PRC      RMB2,380,000                 –           100%     Manufacturing of
              Industrial Co., Ltd.             September 2, 2005                                                          pharmaceutical
              (自貢市益榮實業有限公司)                                                                                               ingredients
              (Note)
            Shandong Simcere Zaiming                     The PRC     RMB50,000,000                 –           100%     Research and
              Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.              June 30, 1999                                                         development,
              (山東先聲再明生物製藥                                                                                                 manufacturing
              有限公司) (Formerly known                                                                                       and sales of
              as Shandong Simcere                                                                                         pharmaceutical
              pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                    products
              山東先聲生物製藥有限公司)
              (Note)




178   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   (Expressed in Renminbi)


15   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES - continued


                                       Place of incorporation     Particulars of    Attributable equity interest
                                               and business/         issued and        held by the Company
      Company name                      date of incorporation     paid-in capital       Directly       Indirectly      Principal activities
      Nanjing Simcere Zaiming                       The PRC      RMB50,000,000                 –           100%        Research and
        Biology Medical Technology            March 14, 2012                                                             development of
        Co., Ltd. (南京先聲再明生物                                                                                              pharmaceutical
        醫藥科技有限公司) (Formerly                                                                                              products
        known as Simcere Biology
        Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
        先聲生物醫藥科技有限公司)
        (Note)
      Simcere Zaiming                               The PRC     RMB464,571,490/                –         99.91%        Research and
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.           December 3, 2020     RMB447,662,990                                           development of
        (先聲再明醫藥股份有限公司)                                                                                                   pharmaceutical
        (Formerly known as                                                                                               products
        Hainan Simcere Zaiming
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
        海南先聲再明醫藥股份有限
        公司) (“Simcere Zaiming”)
        (Note)
      Simcere (Beijing)                             The PRC       RMB5,000,000                 –           100%        Research and
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.               April 21, 2021                                                            development of
        (先聲（北京）醫藥有限公司)                                                                                                   pharmaceutical
        (Note)                                                                                                           products
      Shanghai Simcere Biology                      The PRC     RMB380,000,000/                –           100%        Research and
        Medical Co., Ltd.                      June 29, 2021    RMB354,724,351                                           development of
        (上海先聲生物醫藥有限公司)                                                                                                   pharmaceutical
        (Note)                                                                                                           products
      Jiangsu Xiansheng Biology                     The PRC     RMB200,000,000                 –           100%        Manufacturing and sales
        Medical Co., Ltd.                     March 11, 2022                                                             of pharmaceutical
        (江蘇先盛生物醫藥有限公司)                                                                                                   products
        (Note)




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       179
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      15   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES - continued


                                             Place of incorporation       Particulars of   Attributable equity interest
                                                     and business/           issued and       held by the Company
            Company name                      date of incorporation      paid-in capital       Directly       Indirectly   Principal activities
            Shanghai Simcere                              The PRC        RMB10,000,000                –           100%     Research and
              Zaiming Medical                  September 27, 2022                                                            development of
              Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                                                                                        pharmaceutical
              (上海先聲再明醫藥生物科技                                                                                                  products
              有限公司) (Formerly known
              as Shanghai Xianxiang
              Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
              上海先祥醫藥科技有限公司)
              (Note)
            Jiangsu Simcere Zaiming                       The PRC       RMB350,000,000                –           100%     Research and
              Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.           December 9, 2022                                                            development
              (江蘇先聲再明醫藥有限公司)                                                                                                 and sales of
              (Note)                                                                                                         pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                             products
            Beijing Simcere Zaiming                       The PRC         RMB5,000,000                –           100%     Research and
              Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.          December 27, 2022                                                            development of
              (北京先聲再明醫藥有限公司)                                                                                                 pharmaceutical
              (Note)                                                                                                         products
            Nanjing Zaiming                               The PRC       RMB110,000,000                –           100%     Research and
              Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.            January 17, 2023                                                           development of
              (南京再明醫藥有限公司)                                                                                                   pharmaceutical
              (Note)                                                                                                         products
            Simcere Zaiming, Inc.                The United States                USD1                –           100%     Research and
                                                 February 17, 2023                                                           development of and
                                                                                                                             preclinical discovery
                                                                                                                             of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                             products
            Simcere Pharmaceutical                 The Republic of    Singapore Dollar 1              –           100%     Pharmaceutical related
              (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.                      Singapore                                                           business development
                                                      May 12, 2023                                                           and cooperation




180   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


15   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES - continued


                                       Place of incorporation       Particulars of   Attributable equity interest
                                               and business/           issued and       held by the Company
      Company name                      date of incorporation      paid-in capital       Directly       Indirectly      Principal activities
      Nanjing Jiayuantang                           The PRC       RMB10,000,000/                –           100%        Sales of pharmaceutical
        Biotechnology Co., Ltd.            November 8, 2018         RMB9,730,000                                          products
        (南京佳原堂生物科技有限
        公司) (Note)
      Jiangsu Jiayuantang                           The PRC     RMB10,000,000/nil               –           100%        Sales of pharmaceutical
        Biotechnology Co., Ltd.           December 24, 2018                                                               products
        (江蘇佳原堂生物科技有限
        公司) (Note)
      Shanghai Zaiming                              The PRC          RMB500,000                 –           100%        Research and
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.          December 18, 2023                                                               development of
        (上海再明醫藥有限公司)                                                                                                      pharmaceutical
        (Note)                                                                                                            products
      Shanghai Simcere Medical                      The PRC          RMB500,000                 –           100%        Research and
        Technology Co., Ltd.              December 22, 2023                                                               development of
        (上海先聲醫藥科技有限公司)                                                                                                    pharmaceutical
        (Note)                                                                                                            products
      Nanjing BioSciKin Innovative                  The PRC       RMB50,000,000/                –           100%        Possessing production
        Medical Technology Co., Ltd.            July 10, 2017      RMB22,150,000                                          support facilities
        (南京百家匯創新醫療科技
        有限公司) (Note)
        (“BioSciKin Innovative”)
      Shanghai Xianwei Medical                      The PRC         RMB3,000,000                –           100%        Research and
        Technology Co., Ltd.                January 25, 2024                                                              development of
        (上海先緯醫藥科技有限公司)                                                                                                    pharmaceutical
        (Note)                                                                                                            products
      Shenzhen Simcere Zaiming                      The PRC      RMB100,000,000                 –           100%        Research and
        Medical Technology Co., Ltd.           June 27, 2024                                                              development of
        (深圳先聲再明醫藥科技有限                                                                                                     pharmaceutical
        公司) (Note)                                                                                                        products
      Simway Biotechnology               The Cayman Islands         USD50,000/nil          100%                 –       Investment holding
        Company Limited                      October 2, 2025




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025       181
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      15   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES - continued


                                                Place of incorporation           Particulars of        Attributable equity interest
                                                         and business/                issued and          held by the Company
            Company name                         date of incorporation           paid-in capital           Directly       Indirectly           Principal activities
            Beyond Therapeutics Inc.                  The United States                USD1/nil                   –            100%            Research and
                                                       October 22, 2025                                                                          development of
                                                                                                                                                 pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                 products
            Xianwei Biotech Co., Ltd.            British Virgin Islands          USD50,000/nil                    –            100%            Investment holding
                                                       October 16, 2025
            Xianwei (Hainan)                                   The PRC         RMB100,000,000                     –            100%            Research and
               Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                    April 20, 2022                                                                         development of
               (先為（海南）生物科技有限                                                                                                                     pharmaceutical
               公司) (Note)                                                                                                                        products
           Note:

           These entities are limited liability companies established in the PRC. The official names of these entities are in Chinese.
           The English translation of the Company names is for identification purpose only.

           The non-controlling interest of the Group as at December 31, 2025 is not material.


      16   INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES

           Details of the Group’s interest in associates as at December 31, 2025 which is accounted for using
           equity method in the consolidated financial statements are set out below:

                                                                                                            Proportion of ownership interest
                                                                                      Particulars of
                                                            Form of        Place of      issued and        Group’s
                                                           business incorporation           paid up       effective       Held by         Held by
            Name of associate                              structure   and business          capital       interest the Company       a subsidiary     Principal activity
            Nanjing Ruichu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.     Incorporated       The PRC RMB3,618,000               4.5%              –              4.5%    Development and
              (“Nanjing Ruichu”)                                                                                                                         manufacturing of
                                                                                                                                                         pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                         ingredients
            Nanjing Coenlis Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd     Incorporated       The PRC RMB9,556,000              17.8%              –           17.8%      Development and
              (“Nanjing Coenlis”)                                                                                                                        manufacturing of
                                                                                                                                                         pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                         ingredients




182   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


16   INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES - continued

     In August 2021, the Group acquired 12.5% of equity interest in Nanjing Ruichu through capital
     injection of RMB5,000,000. The proportion of the Group’s equity interest in Nanjing Ruichu was
     diluted to 8.9% in 2022 and to 5.4% in 2023, further to 4.5% in 2025 due to the new financing obtained
     by Nanjing Ruichu. The Group has a right to appoint one director to the board of Nanjing Ruichu in
     accordance with the investment agreement, therefore the directors of the Company are in the view
     that the Group can cast significant influence on Nanjing Ruichu and account for the equity interest in
     Nanjing Ruichu using the equity method.

     In August 2023, the Group established Nanjing Coenlis with third parties by capital contribution
     through the transfer of certain machinery and equipment. The proportion of the Group’s equity
     interest in Nanjing Coenlis was diluted to 19.7% in 2023 and further to 17.8% in 2024 due to the new
     financing obtained by Nanjing Coenlis. The Group has a right to appoint one director to the board
     of Nanjing Coenlis in accordance with the investment agreement, therefore the directors of the
     Company are in the view that the Group can cast significant influence on Nanjing Coenlis and account
     for the equity interest in Nanjing Coenlis using the equity method.

     Both entities are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market price are not available.

     The directors of the Company consider that there are no material associates.

     Aggregate financial information of associates accounted for using equity method and not individually
     material:

                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
      Carrying amount of associates in the consolidated
        financial statements                                                        8,154             10,870

                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
      Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those associates’
        Loss from operations                                                       (3,960)             (2,977)
        Gain on dilution of interests                                               1,244              1,345
        Total comprehensive income                                                 (2,716)             (1,632)




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   183
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      16   INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES - continued

           Details of the Group’s interest in an associate as at December 31, 2025 which is accounted for using
           FVPL method in the consolidated financial statements are set out below:

                                                                                                   Proportion of ownership interest
                                                           Form of      Place of Particulars of    Group’s
                                                         business incorporation     issued and    effective      Held by        Held by
            Name of associate                            structure and business paid-up capital    interest the Company     a subsidiary Principal activity
            Jiaxing Andicon Biotechnology Co., Ltd.   Incorporated      The PRC RMB8,307,000         4.0%              –           4.0% Development and
               (“Andicon”)                                                                                                                 manufacturing of
                                                                                                                                           pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                           ingredients
            Vincentx, lnc.                            Incorporated    The United    USD800,000      22.7%              –          22.7% Research and
                                                                          States                                                           development of
                                                                                                                                           pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                           products

           In November 2023, the Group entered into an investment agreement for acquisition of 5.2% interest
           in Andicon with preferred rights at consideration of RMB40,000,000. The proportion of the Group’s
           equity interest in Andicon was diluted to 4.5% in 2024 and further to 4.0% in 2025 due to the new
           financing obtained by Andicon. The Group has a right to appoint one director to the board of Andicon
           in accordance with the investment agreement, therefore the directors of the Company are in the view
           that the Group has significant influence on Andicon and measure the interest in Andicon at fair value
           through profit or loss, as it is not subject to the current access to the returns associated with the
           ownership interest due to the preferred rights. Andicon is an unlisted corporate entity whose quoted
           market price is not available. As at December 31, 2025, the director of the Company estimated the fair
           value of this investment to be RMB44,893,000 (2024: RMB40,000,000) based on its recent transaction
           price.

           In May 2025, the Group entered into an investment agreement to acquire 800,000 preferred shares
           issued by Vincentx at consideration of USD800,000 (equivalent to RMB5,781,000), accounting for 22.7%
           of the ownership interest. The Group has a right to appoint one director to the board of Vincentx, in
           accordance with the investment agreement, therefore the directors of the Company are in the view
           that the Group has significant influence on Vincentx and measure the interest in Vincentx at fair value
           through profit or loss, as it is not subject to the current access to the returns associated with the
           ownership interest due to the preferred rights. Vincentx is an unlisted corporate entity whose quoted
           market price is not available. As at December 31, 2025, the director of the Company estimated the fair
           value of this investment to be RMB5,665,000 based on its recent transaction price.

           The analysis on the fair value measurement of the investment in associate is disclosed in Note 40(e).




184   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               (Expressed in Renminbi)


17   INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURES

     Details of the Group’s interest in joint ventures as at December 31, 2025 which is accounted for using
     equity method in the consolidated financial statements are set out below:

                                                                                       Proportion of ownership interest
                                               Form of      Place of Particulars of    Group’s
                                             business incorporation     issued and    effective      Held by        Held by
      Name of joint venture                  structure and business paid-up capital    interest the Company     a subsidiary Principal activity
      Simnogen Biotech Ltd.               Incorporated      The PRC USD4,000,000          51%              –              51% Research and
                                                                                                                                 development of
                                                                                                                                 pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                 products
      Jiangsu Xinhaikang Pharmaceutical   Incorporated      The PRC RMB23,500,000         70%              –              70% Manufacturing
         Co., Ltd (“Xinhaikang”)                                                                                                 and sales of
                                                                                                                                 pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                 products

     In June 2019, the Group acquired 51% of the equity interest in Simnogen Biotech Ltd. from a company
     controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group, BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding
     Group Co., Ltd., at a consideration of RMB5,200,000. Simnogen Biotech Ltd. is mainly engaged in
     research and development of innovative pharmaceutical and vaccine products. According to the
     articles of association, no single investor is in a position to control the investors’ meeting or no single
     director appointed by either investor is in a position to control the board of directors. Therefore, the
     directors of the Company consider that the Group is not able to control Simnogen Biotech Ltd. and
     deem it to be a joint venture of the Group rather than a subsidiary.

     In January 2023, the Group acquired 70% of the equity interest in Xinhaikang from former shareholder
     of Xinhaikang at a consideration of RMB91,000,000. Xinhaikang is mainly engaged in manufacturing
     and sales of pharmaceutical products. According to the articles of association, certain key operating
     decision making should be agreed in consensus. Therefore, the directors of the Company consider
     that the Group is not able to control Xinhaikang and deem it to be a joint venture of the Group rather
     than a subsidiary.

     Both joint ventures in which the Group participates are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted
     market price is not available.

     The directors of the Company consider that there are no material joint ventures.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025      185
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      17   INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURES - continued

           Aggregate financial information of joint ventures that are not individually material:

                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000
            Carrying amount of the joint venture in the consolidated financial
              statements                                                                104,188         102,342


            Amount of the Group’s share of the joint venture’s
              Gain from operations                                                         1,606           3,794
              Total comprehensive income                                                   1,606           3,794



      18   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000
            Equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling)
              – Listed equity securities                                                  22,233           4,857
              – Unlisted equity investments                                             275,132         275,132

                                                                                        297,365         279,989


           The listed equity securities at FVOCI (non-recycling), represent investment in listed equity securities
           issued by listed companies incorporated in the United States. The unlisted equity security at FVOCI
           (non-recycling), represents investment in unlisted equity interest in private entity incorporated in
           the PRC. These investments are engaged in research and development of innovative pharmaceutical
           products.

           The Group designated these investments at FVOCI (non-recycling), as the investments are held
           for strategic purposes. No dividends were received on these investments during the years ended
           December 31, 2025 and 2024.

           The analysis on the fair value measurement of the above financial assets is disclosed in Note 40(e).




186   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi)


19   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
      Financial assets at FVPL
      – Listed equity securities                                                  265,068            65,718
      – Unlisted equity investments                                               373,550           386,567
      – Unlisted units in investment funds                                        504,942           509,217

                                                                                1,143,560           961,502


     The Group’s non-current balances of financial assets at FVPL represent listed equity securities
     issued by listed company incorporated in the United States, Australia and the Cayman Islands, the
     unlisted equity investments in private entities incorporated in the PRC, the United States and the
     Cayman Islands and unlisted units in investment funds incorporated in the PRC, the United States,
     and the Netherlands. These investments are primarily engaged or further invested in the healthcare
     and pharmaceutical sectors.

     The analysis on the fair value measurement of the Group’s above financial assets is disclosed in Note
     40(e).


20   LOAN TO A THIRD PARTY

                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
      Due within 1 year                                                           100,105                  –
      Due after 1 year but within 2 years                                               –           100,105

                                                                                  100,105           100,105


     On November 8, 2023, the Group entered into a loan agreement with a third-party entity incorporated
     in the PRC. Pursuant of the loan agreement, the Group agreed to lend a loan of RMB100,000,000 with
     interest rate agreed as long prime rate (“LPR”) on the day before the drawn down date, i.e. 3.45%. The
     accrued interest is repayable on quarterly basis and the loan principal is repayable in full at the end
     of 36 months from the drawn down date. The loans are fully secured by machinery held by the third
     party.

     In 2023, the Group also entered into an agreement with this third party for an exclusive
     commercialization right in relation to a drug under development.

     As at December 31, 2025, loan to a third party represented the outstanding principal and accrued
     interest income.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   187
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      21   INVENTORIES

           (a)   Inventories in the consolidated statements of financial position comprise:

                                                                                         2025          2024
                                                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                   (restated)
                                                                                                   (Note 41)
                  Raw materials                                                       307,577       312,603
                  Semi-finished goods                                                  91,834        48,447
                  Finished goods                                                      190,084       232,719

                                                                                      589,495       593,769



           (b)   The analysis of the amount of inventories recognized as an expense and included in profit or
                 loss is as follows:

                                                                                         2025          2024
                                                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000
                  Carrying amount of inventories sold                                 932,720       932,940
                  Provision for write-down of inventories                              46,728        45,259

                                                                                      979,448       978,199


                 All inventories are expected to be recovered within one year.


      22   CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                                                         2025          2024
                                                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000
            Contract assets arising from research service                              19,565         4,611


           The Group’s research service contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments
           over the research service period once milestones are reached.

           All of the contract assets are expected to be recovered within one year.




188   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


23   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
      Trade receivables                                                          2,493,990           2,354,916
      Bills receivable                                                             357,876             361,272

                                                                                 2,851,866           2,716,188


      Less: loss allowance                                                          (13,412)           (16,363)

                                                                                 2,838,454           2,699,825


     All of the trade and bills receivables are expected to be recovered within one year.

     As at December 31, 2025, bills receivable of RMB34,627,000 were pledged for issuance of bills payable
     (2024: RMB44,070,000).


     Aging analysis

     As of the end of the reporting period, the aging analysis of trade and bills receivables, based on the
     invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
      Within 3 months                                                            2,440,888           2,315,332
      Over 3 months but within 6 months                                            372,454             340,237
      Over 6 months but within 9 months                                             23,476              41,365
      Over 9 months but within 12 months                                              1,636              2,891

                                                                                 2,838,454           2,699,825


     Trade and bills receivables are due within 30 - 90 days from the date of billing. Further details on the
     Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade and bills receivables are set out in Note 40(a).




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025   189
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      23   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES - continued

           Aging analysis - continued

           As at December 31, 2025, the Group endorsed certain bills receivable to suppliers for settling trade
           payables of the same amount on a full recourse basis. The Group has derecognized these bills
           receivable and payables to suppliers in their entirety. In the opinion of the directors of the Company,
           the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of these bills and
           has discharged its obligation of the payables to its suppliers, and the Group has limited exposure
           in respect of the settlement obligation of these bills receivable under the relevant PRC rules and
           regulations, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date. The Group considers the
           issuing banks of these bills are of good credit quality and non-settlement of these bills by the issuing
           banks on maturity is not probable. As at December 31, 2025, the Group’s maximum exposure to loss
           and undiscounted cash outflow, which is the same as the amount payable by the Group to suppliers
           in respect of the endorsed bills, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date,
           amounted to RMB53,206,000 (2024: RMB65,180,000).


      24   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                        (restated)
                                                                                                         (Note 41)
            Current
            Prepayments for raw materials and expenses                                   84,353            90,321
            Value added tax recoverable                                                 118,264            82,572
            Other deposits and receivables                                               42,291            34,954

                                                                                        244,908          207,847

            Less: loss allowance (Note i)                                                (22,459)         (22,514)

                                                                                        222,449          185,333

            Non-current
            Prepayments for property, plant and equipment                                37,114           18,765
            Other deposits and receivables                                                3,113            9,268
            Prepayments for exclusive commercialization rights (Note ii)                155,798          155,798
            Advances for units in an investment fund (Note iii)                         150,000                 –

                                                                                        346,025          183,831




190   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (Expressed in Renminbi)


24   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES - continued
     Notes:

     (i)     As at December 31, 2025, the loss allowance included an impairment loss on prepayments for raw materials of
             RMB21,600,000 (2024: RMB21,600,000).

     (ii)    The balance of prepayments for exclusive commercialization rights represented upfront payments which is
             refundable under certain circumstance.

     (iii)   The balance of advances for units in an investment fund represented advances made by the Group for its
             investment in a fund, of which the administrative process of fund raising was yet to be completed as at
             December 31, 2025.

             All of prepayments, deposits and other receivables current balances are expected to be recovered or recognized
             as expense within one year.


25   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS, RESTRICTED DEPOSITS AND TIME
     DEPOSITS

     (a)     Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                               (restated)
                                                                                                               (Note 41)
              Cash at bank                                                                 3,512,088          1,952,586


             As at December 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents situated in Chinese Mainland amounted to
             RMB2,032,370,000 (2024: RMB1,851,234,000). Remittance of funds out of Chinese Mainland is
             subject to relevant rules and regulations of foreign exchange control.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025    191
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      25   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS, RESTRICTED DEPOSITS, AND TIME
           DEPOSITS - continued

           (b)   Pledged deposits and restricted deposits comprise:

                                                                         2025       2024
                                                                      RMB’000   RMB’000
                  Pledged deposits for
                    – issuance of letter of guarantee                  23,340     24,050


                                                                         2025       2024
                                                                      RMB’000   RMB’000
                  Restricted deposits for
                    – research and development projects                12,797      8,740
                    – litigations                                       1,206        204
                    – 2021 RSU Scheme                                       –     13,070

                                                                       14,003     22,014



           (c)   Time deposits comprise:

                                                                         2025       2024
                                                                      RMB’000   RMB’000
                                                                                (restated)
                                                                                (Note 41)
                  Current portion                                      65,528     10,000
                  Non-current portion                                 748,603    498,140

                                                                      814,131    508,140




192   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Renminbi)


25   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS, RESTRICTED DEPOSITS, AND TIME
     DEPOSITS - continued

     (d)   Reconciliation of profits before taxation to cash generated from operations

                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                   Note        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                   (restated)
                                                                                                    (Note 41)
            Profit before taxation                                            1,514,330              808,715
            Adjustments for:
              Depreciation of property, plant and equipment        6(c)         285,114              300,997
              Amortization of intangible assets                    6(c)          95,721               36,859
              Net finance costs                                    6(a)          40,051               29,938
              Share of losses of associates                         16            2,716                1,632
              Share of profits of joint ventures                    17           (1,606)               (3,794)
              Net gain on disposal of property, plant and
                equipment                                          5(b)            (231)                 (984)
              Net realized and unrealized (gains)/losses
                on financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss                                     5(b)        (132,191)             266,249
              Net realized and unrealized gain on investments in
                associates at fair value through profit or loss    5(b)          (4,893)                    –
              Net loss on disposal of intangible assets            5(b)                  –             2,485
              Equity settled share-based payment expenses           35           89,567               97,810
              Reversals of impairment loss on trade and
                other receivables                                  6(c)          (2,917)               (6,842)
              Provision for write-down of inventories              21(b)         46,728               45,259
              Foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                      (19,734)               1,531


            Changes in working capital:
              Decrease in restricted deposits                                     8,011                  134
              Increase in inventories                                           (42,694)             (24,531)
              Increase in trade and bills receivables                          (150,736)             (61,368)
              (Increase)/decrease in prepayments, deposits
                and other receivables                                           (30,363)              69,987
              (Increase)/decrease in contract assets                            (14,954)               8,389
              Decrease in trade and bills payables                              (27,032)             (42,484)
              Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals                627,324              (25,894)
              Decrease in provision                                                      –             (3,990)
              Increase in deferred income                                        72,379                5,573

            Cash generated from operations                                    2,354,590            1,505,671




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   193
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      25   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS, RESTRICTED DEPOSITS, AND TIME
           DEPOSITS - continued

           (e)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                 The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both
                 cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which
                 cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow
                 statements as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                                Other
                                                                                   Lease     financial
                                                            Bank loans       liabilities      liability        Total
                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                              (Note 26)      (Note 27)       (Note 33)
                  At January 1, 2025                          1,059,393       149,976        1,008,772    2,218,141

                  Changes from financing cash flows:
                  Proceeds from new bank loans                1,051,829                 –            –    1,051,829
                  Proceeds from other financial liability             –                 –     100,000       100,000
                  Repayment of bank loans                    (1,051,076)                –            –    (1,051,076)
                  Capital element of lease rentals paid               –        (80,838)              –       (80,838)
                  Interest element of lease rentals paid              –            (4,756)           –        (4,756)
                  Interest paid                                 (16,501)                –            –       (16,501)

                  Total changes from financing cash flows       (15,748)       (85,594)       100,000         (1,342)

                  Exchange adjustments                             (189)           (1,464)           –        (1,653)

                  Other changes:
                  Increase in lease liabilities from
                    entering into new leases during
                    the year                                          –         63,140               –       63,140
                  Decrease in lease liabilities from
                    ceasing leases during the year                    –            (3,838)           –        (3,838)
                  Interest expenses arising from
                    redemption liability (Note 6(a))                  –                 –      74,545        74,545
                  Interest expenses (Note 6(a))                  16,501            4,756                     21,257

                  Total other changes                            16,501         64,058         74,545       155,104

                  At December 31, 2025                        1,059,957       126,976        1,183,317    2,370,250




194   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi)


25   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS, RESTRICTED DEPOSITS, AND TIME
     DEPOSITS - continued

     (e)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities - continued

                                                                                             Other
                                                                           Lease         financial
                                                       Bank loans       liabilities        liability         Total
                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                         (Note 26)      (Note 27)        (Note 33)
            At January 1, 2024                          1,220,979        208,245                  –      1,429,224

            Changes from financing cash flows:
            Proceeds from new bank loans                1,252,690                –                –      1,252,690
            Proceeds from other financial liability              –               –        970,000          970,000
            Repayment of bank loans                     (1,414,402)              –                –     (1,414,402)
            Capital element of lease rentals paid                –        (90,414)                –        (90,414)
            Interest element of lease rentals paid               –         (5,648)                –         (5,648)
            Interest paid                                  (25,137)              –                –        (25,137)

            Total changes from financing cash flows      (186,849)        (96,062)        970,000          687,089

            Exchange adjustments                              126             515                 –            641

            Other changes:
            Increase in lease liabilities from
              entering into new leases during
              the year                                           –         40,034                 –         40,034
            Decrease in lease liabilities from
              ceasing leases during the year                     –         (8,404)                –         (8,404)
            Interest expenses arising from
              redemption liability (Note 6(a))                   –               –          38,772          38,772
            Interest expenses (Note 6(a))                  25,137           5,648                 –         30,785

            Total other changes                            25,137          37,278           38,772         101,187

            At December 31, 2024                        1,059,393        149,976         1,008,772       2,218,141




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025   195
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      25   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED DEPOSITS, RESTRICTED DEPOSITS, AND TIME
           DEPOSITS - continued

           (f)   Total cash flow for leases

                 Amounts included in the consolidated cash flow statement for leases comprise the following:

                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000
                  Within operating cash flows                                          8,340           8,617
                  Within investing cash flows                                               –         35,025
                  Within financing cash flows                                         85,594          96,062

                                                                                      93,934         139,704


                 These amounts relate to the following:

                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000
                  Lease rentals paid                                                  93,934         104,679
                  Increase in leasehold land                                                –         35,025

                                                                                      93,934         139,704



      26   BANK LOANS

           The maturity profile for the interest-bearing bank loans of the Group at the end of each reporting
           period is as follows:

                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000
            Short-term bank loans                                                  1,051,778       1,050,423
            Current portion of long-term bank loans                                      700             716

            Within 1 year or on demand                                             1,052,478       1,051,139

            After 1 year but within 2 years                                              650             665
            After 2 years but within 5 years                                           1,950           1,994
            After 5 years                                                              4,879           5,595

                                                                                       7,479           8,254

                                                                                   1,059,957       1,059,393


           As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, the bank loans were unsecured.




196   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


27   LEASE LIABILITIES

     At December 31, 2025, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:

                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
      Within 1 year                                                               57,341            67,559

      After 1 year but within 2 years                                             37,307            33,897
      After 2 years but within 5 years                                            32,328            48,520

                                                                                  69,635            82,417

                                                                                 126,976           149,976



28   TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                 (restated)
                                                                                                 (Note 41)
      Trade payables                                                             240,520           241,695
      Bills payable                                                                8,512            34,369

                                                                                 249,032           276,064


     As of the end of the reporting period, the aging analysis of trade and bills payables, based on the
     invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                 (restated)
                                                                                                 (Note 41)
      Within 3 months                                                            190,312           198,001
      3 to 12 months                                                              55,161            52,803
      Over 12 months                                                               3,559            25,260

                                                                                 249,032           276,064


     All of the trade and bills payables are expected to be settled within one year or repayable on demand.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   197
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      29   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                    (restated)
                                                                                                                     (Note 41)
             Accrued expenses (Note i)                                                             335,588            475,667
             Contract liabilities (Note ii)                                                        687,056              28,160
             Payable for employee reimbursements                                                     16,091             17,660
             Payables for staff related costs                                                      380,011            328,895
             Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                131,628              32,017
             Other tax payables                                                                    185,786            158,008
             Payables for research and development costs                                             81,746             51,408
             Others                                                                                  80,588             65,742

                                                                                                 1,898,494          1,157,557


           All of the other payables and accruals are expected to be settled within one year or repayable on
           demand.

           Notes:

           (i)    Accrued expenses primarily comprise marketing and promotion expenses, research and development costs and
                  other expenses.

           (ii)   Contract liabilities represent customers’ advances received for goods that have not yet been transferred to the
                  customers.

                  Movements in contract liabilities

                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000
                    Balance at January 1                                                              28,160             43,311
                    Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognizing revenue
                      during the year that was included in the contract liabilities at
                      the beginning of the year                                                      (28,160)           (43,311)
                    Increase in contract liabilities as a result of customers’ advances
                      received for goods and services that have not yet been
                      transferred to the customers as at the year end                                687,056             28,160

                    Balance at December 31                                                           687,056             28,160



                  Contract liabilities are expected to be recognized as income within one year.




198   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                             (Expressed in Renminbi)


30       INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

         (a)     Current taxation in the consolidated statements of financial position represents:

                                                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000
                   At the beginning of the year                                                                         154,358                    17,899
                   Provision for income tax for the year                                                                234,315                   194,077
                   Effect of withholding tax on dividends                                                                 23,850                   62,500
                   Under/(over)-provision in respect of prior years                                                         4,555                   (5,579)
                   Withholding tax settled                                                                               (15,058)                         –
                   Tax paid                                                                                             (341,060)                 (114,539)

                   At the end of the year                                                                                 60,960                  154,358

                   Represented by:
                   Taxation recoverable                                                                                    (4,744)                        –
                   Taxation payable                                                                                       65,704                  154,358

                                                                                                                          60,960                  154,358



         (b)     Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized represents:

                 (i)     The components of deferred tax assets recognized in the consolidated statements of
                         financial position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                               Depreciation
                                                                                       and
                                                                               amortization    Fair value
                                      Provision     Unrealized                           of    change of                                 Other
                                       for asset     profits on   Deductible non-current        financial Government      Accrued    temporary
                                     impairment     inventories   tax losses        assets        assets      grants     expenses differences          Total
                                       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000
 At January 1, 2024                      16,202         44,407      194,044            550         3,289      65,934       60,315       36,801       421,542
 Recognized in profit or loss             (4,879)       11,115       98,146            (338)           –      (2,157)      (4,082)     (11,436)       86,369
 Recognized in other comprehensive
     income                                    –             –            –               –            5           –            –            –             5

 At December 31, 2024 and
     January 1, 2025                     11,323         55,522      292,190            212         3,294      63,777       56,233       25,365       507,916
 Recognized in profit or loss            (4,461)         4,469       (9,837)        70,177             –      14,206       10,245       (5,795)       79,004
 Recognized in other comprehensive
     income                                    –             –            –               –            –           –            –            –            –

 At December 31, 2025                     6,862         59,991      282,353         70,389         3,294      77,983       66,478       19,570       586,920



                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025        199
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      30   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION - continued

           (b)   Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized represents: - continued

                 (ii)   The components of deferred tax liabilities recognized in the consolidated statements of
                        financial position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                        Depreciation
                                                          Fair value            and
                                                         adjustment     amortization    Fair value
                                                        arising from         of non-    change of                          Other
                                                           business         current      financial Undistributed      temporary
                                                        combination          assets        assets        profits      differences         Total
                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000
                         At January 1, 2024                     706           46,290       66,337         73,920           19,963       207,216
                         Recognized in profit or loss            (29)         (3,961)     (29,283)        26,180           (8,323)      (15,416)
                         Effect of withholding tax on
                            dividends                              –               –             –       (62,500)               –       (62,500)
                         Recognized in other
                            comprehensive income                   –               –       15,742              –                –        15,742
                         Exchange adjustment                       –               –           (11)            –                –           (11)

                         At December 31, 2024 and
                            January 1, 2025                     677          42,329        52,785         37,600           11,640       145,031
                         Recognized in profit or loss           (32)          (8,288)        (350)        25,000           (5,874)       10,456
                         Effect of withholding tax on
                            dividends                              –               –             –       (23,850)               –       (23,850)
                         Recognized in other
                            comprehensive income                   –               –        2,607              –                –         2,607

                         At December 31, 2025                   645          34,041        55,042         38,750            5,766       134,244


                 (iii) Reconciliation to the consolidated statements of financial position:

                                                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000                   RMB’000
                         Net deferred tax assets recognized in the consolidated
                            statements of financial position                                                 520,711                  435,589
                         Net deferred tax liabilities recognized in the
                            consolidated statements of financial position                                    (68,035)                 (72,704)

                                                                                                             452,676                  362,885




200   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi)


30   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION - continued

     (c)   Deferred tax assets not recognized

           In accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(t), the Group did not recognize
           deferred tax assets of RMB274,326,000 (2024: RMB221,366,000, as restated), in respect of
           cumulative tax losses RMB1,122,448,000 (2024: RMB885,755,000, as restated) as at December
           31, 2025. The Group did not recognize deferred tax assets of RMB787,000 (2024: RMB1,066,000),
           in respect of cumulative temporary differences RMB4,303,000 (2024: RMB6,121,000) as at
           December 31, 2025. It was not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses
           and temporary differences can be utilized will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and
           entities.


     (d)   Deferred tax liabilities not recognized

           For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group did not recognize deferred tax liabilities of
           RMB36,512,000 (2024: RMB24,680,000), in respect of distributable profits of the Group’s PRC
           subsidiaries amounted to RMB730,241,000 (2024: RMB493,600,000), as the Group controls
           the timing of the reversal of temporary differences associated with undistributed profits of
           these subsidiaries and it has been determined that it is probable that these undistributed
           profits earned by the Group’s PRC subsidiaries will not be distributed in the foreseeable future
           in accordance with the Group’s dividend policy. As at December 31, 2025, the deferred tax
           liabilities not recognized in respect of distributable profits of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries is
           RMB234,505,000 (2024: RMB197,993,000, as restated).


31   PROVISIONS

                                                                                             Provision for
                                                                                                 litigation
                                                                                                 RMB’000
      At January 1, 2024                                                                            25,990
      Provisions reversed during the year                                                              (902)
      Provisions utilised during the year                                                            (3,088)

      At December 31, 2024, January 1, 2025 and December 31, 2025                                   22,000




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   201
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      32   DEFERRED INCOME

           As at December 31, 2025, deferred income represented unamortized conditional government
           grants amounting to RMB472,528,000 (2024: RMB400,149,000, as restated) for plant relocation and
           construction and technology research and development.

           Deferred income relating to technology research and development is recognized as income upon the
           satisfaction of acceptance standards. Deferred income relating to plant relocation and construction
           is amortized over the useful life of the related property, plant and equipment upon the completion of
           the construction.


      33   OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITY

           On February 24, 2024 and April 21, 2025, Simcere Zaiming, a PRC subsidiary of the Group, entered into
           capital contribution agreement with certain investors (the “Investors”), pursuant to which Simcere
           Zaiming issued additional 52,558,730 and 5,418,426 shares for consideration of RMB970,000,000 and
           RMB100,000,000, respectively.

           In addition to voting rights and dividend rights same as other equity holders of Simcere Zaiming,
           certain special rights including repurchase rights, liquidation preference rights and anti-dilution
           rights are granted to the Investors.

           After occurrence of certain events agreed in the agreement, the Investors shall have the right to
           require the Company and/or Simcere Zaiming to repurchase their shares in Simcere Zaiming at a
           repurchase price, which is the higher of (i) the investment amount paid by the Investors, plus an
           annual compound interest of 7% calculated from the payment date of its investment amount and
           further adjusted by any dividends; and (ii) the audited consolidated net book asset value of Simcere
           Zaiming as of the end of the most recent quarter. The Company recognized financial liabilities in
           accordance with the accounting policies set out in Note 2(r).

           Since there is an obligation for the Group to purchase its own equity instrument for cash when certain
           conditions set out in the agreement are met, it gives rise to a financial liability for the present value of
           the redemption amount. The subsequent changes of the financial liability under amortized costs are
           recognized in profit or loss directly.

           Movements of the redemption liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                        Redemption
                                                                                                            liability
                                                                                                          RMB’000
            At January 1, 2024                                                                                     –
            Grant of redemption right upon issuance of shares                                                970,000
            Interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities                                             38,772

            At December 31, 2024 and January 1, 2025                                                       1,008,772

            Grant of redemption right upon issuance of shares                                                100,000
            Interest expenses arising from redemption liabilities                                             74,545

            At December 31, 2025                                                                           1,183,317




202   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


34   OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITY

     In 2023, Shandong Simcere entered into an agreement with the local government to relocate
     its production plant. The local government agreed to pay an amount of RMB230,000,000 as the
     compensation for the disposal of the property, plant and equipment and related relocation costs in the
     interest of urban planning. The relocation is expected to be completed in 2027. As at December 31,
     2025, the Group had received from the local government RMB165,000,000 (2024: RMB165,000,000) in
     relation to the abovementioned compensation.


35   EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS

     (a)   2021 Restricted Share Unit (“RSU”) scheme (“2021 RSU Scheme”) adopted by the Company

           On May 20, 2021, the board of the Company approved the adoption of the 2021 RSU Scheme and
           would grant up to 137,296,927 restricted shares to the Participants under the 2021 RSU Scheme
           in aggregate.

           On June 15, 2023, the shareholders of the Company approved the amendments of the 2021 RSU
           Scheme and would grant up to 266,404,561 RSUs, representing 266,404,561 underlying shares to
           the Participants under the 2021 RSU Scheme in aggregate.

           The Company allotted and issued shares to Futu Trustee Limited and Tricor Trust (Hong Kong)
           Limited (“the Trustees”), which will be further issued to Participants upon the vest of the RSUs
           granted under 2021 RSU Scheme. Neither the Participants nor the Trustees may exercise any of
           the voting rights in respect of any shares held by the Trustees for the purpose of the 2021 RSU
           Scheme.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   203
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      35   EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS - continued

           (a)   2021 Restricted Share Unit (“RSU”) scheme (“2021 RSU Scheme”) adopted by the Company
                 - continued

                 (i)   The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                        Restricted shares         Number of                                                                    Price per
                        granted to directors      Restricted                                                                  restricted
                        and employees:               shares    Vesting condition                                                  share
                                                                                                                                   RMB
                        2021 RSU Scheme
                        – on July 16, 2021        10,838,000   Graded vest of one third per year over three years from the           Nil
                                                                  date of grant and subject to performance conditions
                        – on November 1, 2021      8,712,000   Graded vest of one third on August 27, 2022, 2023                     Nil
                                                                  and 2024, respectively, and subject to performance
                                                                  conditions
                        – on December 23, 2021    11,841,000   Graded vest of one third per year over three years from the           Nil
                                                                  date of grant and subject to performance conditions
                        – on May 11, 2022          6,810,000   Graded vest of one third of 1,500,000 RSUs on January 17,             Nil
                                                                  2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, one third of 5,310,000
                                                                  RSUs per year over three years from the date of grant
                                                                  and both subject to performance conditions
                        – on September 28, 2022   14,489,000   Graded vest of one half of 80,000 RSUs on May 11, 2023                Nil
                                                                  and 2024, Graded vest of one third of 528,000 RSUs on
                                                                  May 11, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, one third
                                                                  of 13,881,000 RSUs per year over three years from
                                                                  the date of grant and both subject to performance
                                                                  conditions
                        – on November 9, 2022      3,669,000   Cliff vest of 154,000 RSUs on November 9, 2023, Graded                Nil
                                                                  vest of one third of 3,515,000 RSUs on November 9,
                                                                  2023, 2024 and 2025, and both subject to performance
                                                                  conditions
                        – on June 28, 2023         4,282,000   Cliff vest of 76,000 RSUs on June 28, 2024, Graded vest of            Nil
                                                                  one third of 4,206,000 RSUs on June 28, 2024, 2025 and
                                                                  2026, and both subject to performance conditions
                        – on March 21, 2024        3,817,500   Cliff vest of 430,500 RSUs on March 21, 2025, Graded vest             Nil
                                                                  of half of 126,000 RSUs on March 21, 2025 and 2026,
                                                                  respectively, Graded vest of one third of 3,261,000 RSUs
                                                                  on March 21, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively, and all
                                                                  subject to performance conditions
                        – on August 22, 2024       2,955,900   Cliff vest of 2,734,100 RSUs on August 22, 2025, Graded               Nil
                                                                  vest of one third of 221,800 RSUs on August 22,
                                                                  2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively, and all subject to
                                                                  performance conditions




204   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


35   EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS - continued

     (a)   2021 Restricted Share Unit (“RSU”) scheme (“2021 RSU Scheme”) adopted by the Company
           - continued

           (i)    The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows: - continued


                   Restricted shares        Number of                                                                   Price per
                   granted to directors     Restricted                                                                 restricted
                   and employees:              shares    Vesting condition                                                 share
                                                                                                                            RMB
                   – on March 25, 2025       1,777,000   Cliff vest of 400,000 RSUs on March 25, 2026, Graded vest            Nil
                                                            of one third of 1,377,000 RSUs on March 25, 2026, 2027
                                                            and 2028, respectively, and all subject to performance
                                                            conditions
                   – on August 22, 2025        675,000   Graded vest of one third of 675,000 RSUs on August 22,               Nil
                                                            2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively, and all subject to
                                                            performance conditions
                   – on December 1, 2025    15,258,100   Cliff vest of 100,000 RSUs on March 25, 2026, Graded                 Nil
                                                            vest of one third of 15,158,100 RSUs on December 1,
                                                            2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively, and all subject to
                                                            performance conditions


           (ii)   A summary of restricted shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                      2025                                 2024
                                                          Weighted                              Weighted
                                                            average          Number of            average        Number of
                                                         grant-date          restricted       grant-date             restricted
                                                          fair value             shares         fair value              shares
                                                                 RMB                ’000              RMB                  ’000
                   Balance at the beginning
                     of the year                                 5.72         9,886,840                7.00          8,545,000
                   Grant during the year                        12.31        17,710,100                5.13          6,773,400
                   Vested during the year                        5.47        (5,108,540)                   –                   –
                   Forfeited during the year                     6.15        (2,932,300)               6.74          (4,207,560)
                   Cancelled during the year                         –                  –              7.88          (1,224,000)

                   Balance at the end of the year               11.43        19,556,100                5.72          9,886,840




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025       205
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      35   EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS - continued

           (a)   2021 Restricted Share Unit (“RSU”) scheme (“2021 RSU Scheme”) adopted by the Company
                 - continued

                 (iii)   Fair value of restricted shares granted

                         The grant-date fair value of the restricted shares granted is measured at the market price
                         of the Company’s shares at the respective grant date.

                         Share-based payment expense of RMB22,622,000 (2024: RMB19,306,000) is recognized as
                         staff costs in the consolidated statements of profit or loss for the year ended December 31,
                         2025.


           (b)   Share incentive scheme adopted by Simcere Zaiming

                 In March 2024, the board of directors and shareholders of Simcere Zaiming approved the
                 adoption of a share incentive scheme (“Zaiming Share Incentive Scheme”) to the directors,
                 supervisors, senior management and core employees (“the Zaiming Participants”) of the Group,
                 pursuant to which, the number of total shares to be granted shall be 20,319,096 ordinary shares
                 of Simcere Zaiming and to be subscribed for by the Zaiming Participants (either directly or
                 through any intermediate shareholding vehicles). On December 30, 2025, the number of total
                 shares to be granted was amended to be 20,531,500 ordinary shares of Simcere Zaiming.

                 The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                                                    Number of                                                                       Consideration
                                                       shares    Vesting condition                                                      per share
                                                                                                                                            RMB
                   Zaiming Share Incentive Scheme


                   – on March 20, 2024              17,113,000   Graded vest of one fourth per year over four years from the date            5.49
                                                                   of grant and subject to performance conditions
                   – on August 16, 2024              1,440,000   Graded vest of one fourth each year on March 20, 2025, 2026,                5.49
                                                                   2027 and 2028 and subject to performance conditions
                   – on May 6, 2025                  1,770,000   Graded vest of one fourth per year over four years from the date            5.83
                                                                   of grant and subject to performance conditions
                   – on December 30, 2025            2,351,000   Graded vest of one fourth per year over four years from the date            6.18
                                                                   of grant and subject to performance conditions




206   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  (Expressed in Renminbi)


35   EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS - continued

     (b)   Share incentive scheme adopted by Simcere Zaiming - continued

           Upon vesting of the relevant shares granted, the Zaiming Participants are obliged to pay the
           subscription price and make capital contribution to Simcere Zaiming directly or through share
           incentive vehicles. Failure to fully pay up capital contribution with respect to the vested shares
           will result in lapse of the relevant grant.


           A summary of shares outstanding for the end of each reporting period:

                                                                      2025                                 2024
                                                         Exercise price      Number of        Exercise price       Number of
                                                     weighted average           shares     weighted average           shares
                                                                  RMB                                  RMB
            Balance at the beginning of the year                  5.49       17,199,000                   –                 –
            Grant during the year                                 6.03        4,121,000                5.49        18,553,000
            Exercised during the year                             5.49         (405,750)                  –                 –
            Forfeited during the year                             5.49         (788,500)               5.49        (1,354,000)

            Balance at the end of the year                        5.60       20,125,750                5.49        17,199,000

            Exercisable at the end of the year                                3,646,250                                     –


           In December 2025, certain Zaiming Participants paid up the full subscription price of 405,750
           vested shares as stipulated in Zaiming Share Incentive Scheme and the par value of the granted
           3,217,250 shares, which amounted to an aggregate of RMB5,445,000, directly to the Simcere
           Zaiming.

           In December 2025, certain Zaiming Participants paid up the full subscription price of 406,500
           vested shares as stipulated in Zaiming Share Incentive Scheme and the par value of the granted
           1,360,500 shares, which amounted to an aggregate of RMB3,592,000, to the Simcere Zaiming
           through the intermediate incentive shareholding vehicles. Intermediate incentive shareholding
           vehicles completed its capital injection to the Simcere Zaiming in January 2026.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025     207
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      35   EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS - continued

           (b)   Share incentive scheme adopted by Simcere Zaiming - continued


                 Fair value of share granted:

                 The fair value of services received in return for the share granted is measured by reference to
                 the fair value of such equity instruments on the grant date, of which the estimation is measured
                 based on the Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions:

                                                                                                           Expected
                                                                                                            dividend
                  Grant date                       Risk-free interest rate   Expected volatility               yield
                  March 20, 2024/August 16, 2024   1.81% - 2.17%             57.69% - 64.64%                      –
                  May 6, 2025                      1.38% - 1.50%             60.65% - 64.93%                      –
                  December 30, 2025                1.28% - 1.50%             58.48% - 65.54%                      –

                 The spot price used in the Black-Scholes model was determined with reference to the fair value
                 of the underlying equity interest of Simcere Zaiming in the recent capital transaction close to the
                 grant date or based on the enterprise valuation using the market approach.

                 Share-based payment expense of RMB66,945,000 (2024: RMB76,983,000) is recognized as staff
                 costs in the consolidated statements of profit or loss for the year ended December 31, 2025.




208   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


36   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS

     (a)   Movement in components of equity

           The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
           consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statements of changes in equity. Details of the
           changes in the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of
           the year are set out below:

                                                                         Reserves
                                                  Share       Other      Exchange     Retained
            The Company                          capital    reserve        reserve      profits        Total
                                               RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000
            Balance at January 1, 2024         3,173,805   2,107,617       368,646     132,582     5,782,650


            Changes in equity for 2024:
            Issue of shares for
              2021 RSU scheme                         –            –             –           –             –
            Equity settled share-based
              transactions                            –       13,072             –           –        13,072
            Purchase of own shares                    –            –             –    (687,985)     (687,985)
            Dividends approved in respect of
              the previous year                       –            –             –    (401,484)     (401,484)
            Profit and total comprehensive
              income for the year                     –            –        11,773     960,462       972,235

            Balance at December 31,
              2024 and January 1, 2025         3,173,805   2,120,689       380,419       3,575     5,678,488


            Changes in equity for 2025:
            Issue of ordinary shares by
              placing, net of issuance costs   1,418,033           –             –           –     1,418,033
            Equity settled share-based
              transactions                            –      24,274              –           –        24,274
            Vesting of restricted shares         26,679      (26,679)            –           –             –
            Purchase of own shares                    –            –             –     (74,302)      (74,302)
            Dividends approved in respect
              of the previous year                    –            –             –    (390,746)     (390,746)
            Profit and total comprehensive
              income for the year                     –            –       (43,684)    647,566       603,882

            Balance at December 31, 2025       4,618,517   2,118,284       336,735     186,093     7,259,629




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   209
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      36   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

           (b)   Dividends

                 (i)    Dividend payable to equity shareholders of the Company attribute to the year:

                                                                                               2025            2024
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000
                         Dividends proposed after the end of the reporting
                           period of RMB0.18 per ordinary share
                           (2024: RMB0.16 per ordinary share)                               467,226         397,811
                         Less: Dividends for unvested shares under
                           2021 RSU scheme                                                   (5,225)          (5,462)

                                                                                            462,001         392,349


                        The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognized
                        as a liability at the end of the reporting period.


                 (ii)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial
                        years, declared and approved during the year:

                                                                                               2025            2024
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000
                         Dividends in respect of previous financial years
                           approved and paid during the year, of RMB0.16
                           per share (2024: RMB0.16 per share)                              390,746         401,484




210   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   (Expressed in Renminbi)


36   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

     (c)   Share capital

           (i)   Issued share capital

                                                                                Number of      Number of
                                                                               outstanding    shares held
                                                                               shares fully       for RSU
                                                             Note                     paid       scheme                   Total
                  Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
                  At January 1, 2024                                      2,582,585,572        34,137,046         2,616,722,618
                  Purchase of own shares                      (ii)         (130,402,000)                –          (130,402,000)

                  At December 31, 2024 and
                     January 1, 2025                                      2,452,183,572        34,137,046        2,486,320,618
                  Purchase of own shares                      (ii)          (11,623,000)                –          (11,623,000)
                  Issue of ordinary shares by placing,
                     net of issuance costs                    (a)              121,000,000              –          121,000,000
                  Vesting of restricted shares                (b)                5,108,540     (5,108,540)                   –

                  At December 31, 2025                                    2,566,669,112        29,028,506        2,595,697,618


                                                                                    Note            HKD        RMB equivalent
                                                                                                    ’000                 ’000
                  Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
                  At January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2024 and
                     January 1, 2025                                                            3,666,127            3,173,805
                  Issue of ordinary shares by placing, net of issuance costs         (a)        1,553,498            1,418,033
                  Vesting of restricted shares                                       (b)           29,098               26,679

                  At December 31, 2025                                                          5,248,723            4,618,517


                 Note:

                 (a)     In September 2025, the Company completed one placement and issued a total of 121,000,000 shares
                         to several investors with net proceeds of HKD1,553,498,000 (equivalent to RMB1,418,033,000).

                 (b)     In 2025, a total of 5,108,540 restricted shares were vested under 2021 RSU Scheme, HKD29,098,000
                         (equivalent to RMB26,679,000) was transferred from the other reserve to the share capital account in
                         accordance with policy set out in Note 2(s)(ii).

                 In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary
                 shares of the Company do not have a par value.

                 The holders of ordinary shares, except for the shares held by the Trustees, are entitled to
                 receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at
                 meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s
                 residual assets.

                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025    211
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      36   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

           (c)   Share capital - continued

                 (ii)   Purchase of own shares

                        During the year, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares on The Stock Exchange
                        of Hong Kong Limited as follows:

                                                              Number of
                                                                  shares    Highest price    Lowest price      Aggregate
                         Month/Year                         repurchased    paid per share   paid per share         price
                                                                                    HKD              HKD            HKD
                         January 2025                        8,336,000              6.93             6.34    55,107,010
                         April 2025                          3,287,000              7.97             7.30    25,262,070

                         Total                              11,623,000                                       80,369,080

                         Equivalent to RMB                                                                   74,302,000


                        The repurchase was governed by section 257 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
                        The total amount paid on the repurchased shares of HKD80,369,080 (equivalent to
                        RMB74,302,000) was paid wholly out of retained profits.

           (d)   Nature and purpose of reserves

                 (i)    Other reserve

                        Other reserve primarily represented: (i) the paid-in capital of Simcere Pharmaceutical and
                        Hainan Simcere prior to the transactions in June and August 2017 respectively, during
                        the course of the reorganization under common control; (ii) the difference between the
                        carrying value of the net assets acquired and the consideration paid for the acquisition
                        of subsidiaries and non-controlling interests prior to the January 1, 2017 and during
                        the course of the reorganization under common control; (iii) the accumulated share
                        based compensation for the unexercised share options, which were cancelled upon the
                        privatization of the former holding company of the Group’s substantial operating business,
                        Excel Investments Group Limited (formerly known as Simcere Investments Group); (iv) the
                        portion of the grant date fair value of restricted shares granted by Simcere Pharmaceutical
                        Holding Limited (“SPHL”) to the directors of the Company and employees of the Group; (v)
                        the accumulated share based payments for the unvested restricted shares granted under
                        2021 RSU Scheme, which are expected to vest, that has been recognized in accordance
                        with the accounting policy adopted for share-based payments in Note 2(s)(ii); and (vi) the
                        differences between the consideration payable by the Group and the share capital of the
                        entities acquired under common control.




212   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi)


36   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

     (d)   Nature and purpose of reserves - continued

           (ii)    PRC statutory reserve

                   Statutory reserve is established in accordance with the relevant PRC rules and regulations
                   and the articles of association of the companies comprising the Group which are
                   incorporated in the PRC.

                   In accordance with the PRC Company Law, certain subsidiaries of the Group which are
                   domestic enterprises are required to allocate 10% of their profit after tax, as determined
                   in accordance with the relevant PRC accounting standards, to their respective statutory
                   reserves until the reserves reach 50% of their respective registered capital. For the entity
                   concerned, statutory reserves can be used to make good previous years’ losses, if any, and
                   may be converted into capital in proportion to the existing equity interests of investors,
                   provided that the balance of the reserve after such conversion is not less than 25% of the
                   entity’s registered capital.


           (iii)   Exchange reserve

                   The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the
                   translation of the financial statements of operations with functional currency other than
                   RMB. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policy as set out in Note
                   2(x).


           (iv)    Fair value reserves (non-recycling)

                   The fair value reserve (non-recycling) comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value
                   of equity investments designated at FVOCI under HKFRS 9 that are held at the end of the
                   reporting period (see Note 2(g)(ii)).

     (e)   Capital management

           The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
           continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and
           benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level
           of risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.

           The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintaining a
           balance between the higher shareholders returns that might be possible with higher levels of
           borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes
           adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions.

           The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of an adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio.
           For this purpose, adjusted net debt is defined as total debt (which includes bank loans and lease
           liabilities) plus unaccrued proposed dividends, less cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted capital
           comprises all components of equity less unaccrued proposed dividends.



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   213
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      36   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS - continued

           (e)   Capital management - continued

                 The Group’s adjusted net debt to capital ratio are as follows:

                                                                                       2025          2024
                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                (restated)
                                                                                                 (Note 41)
                  Current liabilities:
                    Bank loans                                                    1,052,478     1,051,139
                    Lease liabilities                                                57,341        67,559

                                                                                  1,109,819     1,118,698

                  Non-current liabilities:
                    Bank loans                                                        7,479         8,254
                    Lease liabilities                                                69,635        82,417

                                                                                     77,114        90,671

                  Total debt                                                      1,186,933     1,209,369
                  Add: Proposed dividends                                           462,001       392,349
                  Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                 (3,512,088)   (1,952,586)

                  Adjusted net debt                                               (1,863,154)    (350,868)

                  Total equity                                                    9,414,590     7,133,877


                  Less: Proposed dividends                                         (462,001)     (392,349)

                  Adjusted capital                                                8,952,589     6,741,528

                  Adjusted net debt to capital ratio                                    N/A           N/A


      37   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

           Capital commitments outstanding at the respective year end not provided for in the consolidated
           financial statements are as follows:

                                                                                       2025          2024
                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                (restated)
            Contracted for                                                          437,697       437,184




214   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


38   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     As of December 31, 2025, a subsidiary of the Group had an outstanding dispute with a third party,
     which made an indemnity claim of approximately RMB25 million against the Group. The result of this
     dispute was yet to be finalized. Based on the legal advice and available evidence, the directors do
     not believe it probable that the result will be against them. No provision has therefore been made in
     respect of this dispute.


39   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     (a)   Key management personnel remuneration

           Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the
           Company’s directors as disclosed in Note 8 and certain of the highest paid employees as
           disclosed in Note 9 is as follows:

                                                                                   2025              2024
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
            Short-term employee benefits                                         49,795            36,122
            Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                  684               679
            Equity settled share-based payment expenses                          46,196            54,390

                                                                                 96,675            91,191


           Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see Note 6(b)).




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   215
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      39   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

           (b)   Names and relationships of the related parties that had other material transactions with the
                 Group:

                  Name of related party                               Relationship
                  Mr. Ren Jinsheng                                    Ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group
                  Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products         Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                    Co., Ltd.                                           of the Group
                  BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd. Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                        of the Group
                  Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co., Ltd.              Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                        of the Group
                  Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd.        Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                        of the Group
                  Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co.,Ltd.      Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                        of the Group
                  Nanjing Xianhe Health Management Co., Ltd.          Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                        of the Group
                  Nanjing Xuanwu Youai Clinic Co., Ltd.               Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                        of the Group
                  Jiangsu Simcere Medical Device Co., Ltd.            Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                        of the Group
                  Shenzhen Xianbo Biotechnology Co., Ltd.             Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                        of the Group
                  Hainan Baimai Investment Co., Ltd.                  Controlled by the ultimate controlling shareholder
                                                                        of the Group
                  Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd.                   Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                                                                        controlling shareholder of the Group
                  Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.       Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                                                                        controlling shareholder of the Group
                  Beijing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory       Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                    Co., Ltd.                                           controlling shareholder of the Group
                  Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory       Controlled by a close family member of the ultimate
                    Co., Ltd.                                           controlling shareholder of the Group
                  Nanjing Ruichu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.             Associate of the Group
                  Nanjing Coenlis Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.            Associate of the Group
                  Jiaxing Andicon Biotechnology Co., Ltd.             Associate of the Group
                  Jiangsu Xinhaikang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.         Joint venture of the Group




216   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   (Expressed in Renminbi)


39   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

     (c)   Other significant related party transactions

           The Group had following transactions with related parties:

                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000
            Purchase of goods
            Jiangsu Xinhaikang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                          36,655             40,142
            Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.                           4                491
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                             –                  15
            Hainan Baimai Investment Co., Ltd.                                       91                   –

                                                                                 36,750             40,648

            Purchase of services
            Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                87,027             32,246
            Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd.                1,968             1,008
            Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co., Ltd.                                  693                765
            Nanjing Xuanwu Youai Clinic Co., Ltd.                                     –                  39
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                           928                   4
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Device Co., Ltd.                                  4                   –

                                                                                 90,620             34,062

            Sales of goods
            BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                       –                   1
            Jiangsu Xinhaikang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                               6                   –

                                                                                      6                   1




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   217
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      39   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

           (c)   Other significant related party transactions - continued


                                                                                  2025      2024
                                                                               RMB’000   RMB’000
                  Rendering of services
                  Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                  3,851     5,370
                  Jiaxing Andicon Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                        1,926     3,415
                  Nanjing Ruichu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                          509       528
                  Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.            118        40
                  BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.               74        16
                  Jiangsu Simcere Medical Device Co., Ltd.                          11         –
                  Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd.           10         –
                  Shenzhen Xianbo Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                            8         –
                  Nanjing Coenlis Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                          69         5
                  Shanghai Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd.                    –         4

                                                                                 6,576     9,378

                  Receiving rental, property management and other related
                    services
                  BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.           22,065    22,176
                  Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd.                   2,590     2,092

                                                                                24,655    24,268

                  Acquisition of interest in subsidiary under common control
                    from
                  Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.         65,661         –

                  Acquisition of property, plant and equipment
                  Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.         17,012         –




218   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


39   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

     (d)   Significant related party balances

           The Group had following trade in nature balances with related parties:

            Trade in nature:                                                        2025               2024
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000
            Trade and bills receivables
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                           4,067             5,144
            Nanjing Ruichu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                  114                197
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Device Co., Ltd.                                  11                   –
            Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd.                   10                   –
            Nanjing Coenlis Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                   6                   5

                                                                                    4,208             5,346

            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables
            Jiaxing Andicon Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                                  124                749
            Nanjing Xianhe Health Management Co., Ltd.                                 –                342
            Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd.                             23                212
            Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd.                                        124                124
            BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                       82                  18
            Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                      9                   –

                                                                                     362              1,445

            Trade and bills payables
            Jiangsu Xinhaikang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                             1,862             6,414

            Other payables and accruals
            Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd.                   2,114            13,665
            BioSciKin Precision Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd.                      186                186
            Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd.                  342                   –
            Hainan Baimai Investment Co., Ltd.                                        91                   –
            Nanjing Xuanwu Youai Clinic Co., Ltd.                                     18                  18
            Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co., Ltd.                                     –                  50
            Jiangsu Yoai Technology Co., Ltd.                                         11                  11

                                                                                    2,762            13,930


           The Group did not have any non-trade in nature balances with related parties as at December 31,
           2025 and 2024.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   219
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      39   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

           (e)   Leasing arrangements

                 During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group newly entered into eight lease contracts
                 with a related party in respect of leasehold properties for research and development activities
                 or office use, with lease term of two to three years. At the commencement date of the lease, the
                 Group recognized a right-of-use asset and a lease liability of RMB23,089,000. As at December
                 31, 2024, the balance of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for lease contracts with related
                 parties amounted to RMB17,877,000 and RMB16,914,000, respectively.

                 During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group newly entered into seventeen lease
                 contracts with a related party in respect of leasehold properties for research and development
                 activities or office use, with lease term of three years. At the commencement date of the
                 lease, the Group recognized a right-of-use asset and a lease liability of RMB61,490,000. As at
                 December 31, 2025, the balance of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for lease contracts
                 with related parties amounted to RMB54,582,000 and RMB54,892,000 respectively.


           (f)   Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

                 The related party transactions during the year ended December 31, 2025 in respect of
                 purchasing services from Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd., Nanjing
                 Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd., and Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co.,
                 Ltd., receiving rental, property management and other related services from BioSciKin Precision
                 Medical Holding Group Co., Ltd. and Nanjing BioSciKin Asset Management Co., Ltd., rendering
                 of services to Jiangsu Simcere Medical Diagnostics Co., Ltd., acquisition of equity interest in
                 a subsidiary from Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd., constitute connected
                 transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing
                 Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in section
                 Continuing Connected Transactions of the Directors’ Report.

                 The related party transactions in respect of purchasing goods and services from Shanghai
                 Xianbo Biological Technology Co., Ltd., Hainan Baimai Investment Co., Ltd., Jiangsu Simcere
                 Medical Device Co., Ltd. and Nanjing Medway Culture Media Co., Ltd., rendering of services to
                 Beijing Simcere Sanroad Biological Products Co., Ltd., Jiangsu Simcere Medical Device Co.,
                 Ltd., Nanjing Simcere Medical Inspection Laboratory Co., Ltd., BioSciKin Precision Medical
                 Holding Group Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Xianbo Biotechnology Co., Ltd., constitute connected
                 transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing
                 Rules. However, those continuing connected transactions are exempt from the disclosure
                 requirements in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules as they are below the de minimis threshold
                 under Rule 14A.76(1) or they are sharing of administrative services under Rule 14A.98.




220   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


40   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the
     Group’s business. The Group’s exposure to these risks and financial risk management policies and
     practices used by the Group to manage these risks are described below:


     (a)   Credit risk

           Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations
           resulting in a financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to
           trade receivables. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents,
           pledged deposits, restricted deposits, time deposits and bills receivable is limited because the
           counterparties are reputable financial institutions with high credit standing, for which the Group
           considers to have low credit risk.

           The Group does not provide any guarantees which would expose the Group to credit risk.


           Trade receivables

           The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each
           customer rather than the industry or country in which the customers operate and therefore
           significant concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure
           to individual customers. As at December 31, 2025, 12% (2024: 2%) of trade receivables were due
           from the Group’s largest customer and 21% (2024: 11%) of trade receivables were due from the
           Group’s five largest customers.

           Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain
           amount. These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due
           and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as
           pertaining to the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade receivables are
           due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral
           from customers.

           The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs,
           which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience
           does not indicate significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss
           allowance based on past due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different
           customer bases.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   221
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      40   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

           (a)   Credit risk - continued

                 Trade receivables - continued

                 The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for
                 trade receivables at the end of each reporting period:

                                                                             At December 31, 2025
                                                                      Expected Gross carrying          Loss
                                                                      loss rate       amount      allowance
                                                                             %       RMB’000       RMB’000
                  Current (not past due)                                   0.2%      1,841,757            2,883
                  Less than 3 months past due                              0.3%        623,749            2,134
                  More than 3 months but less than
                    6 months past due                                      3.9%         19,784              780
                  More than 6 months but less than
                    9 months past due                                     27.1%           1,484             402
                  More than 9 months but less than
                    12 months past due                                    90.0%              30              27
                  More than 12 months past due                            100.0%          7,186           7,186

                                                                                     2,493,990           13,412


                                                                             At December 31, 2024
                                                                      Expected Gross carrying          Loss
                                                                      loss rate       amount      allowance
                                                                             %       RMB’000       RMB’000
                  Current (not past due)                                    0.2%      1,730,512           3,152
                  Less than 3 months past due                               0.4%       553,787            2,285
                  More than 3 months but less than
                    6 months past due                                       4.2%         57,743           2,412
                  More than 6 months but less than
                    9 months past due                                      26.8%          5,840           1,563
                  More than 9 months but less than
                    12 months past due                                     87.5%            663             580
                  More than 12 months past due                            100.0%          6,371           6,371

                                                                                      2,354,916          16,363


                 Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past years. These rates are
                 adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the
                 historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions
                 over the expected lives of the receivables.



222   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)


40   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

     (a)   Credit risk - continued

           Trade receivables - continued

           Movement in the loss allowance in respect of trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
            At the beginning of the year                                            16,363             23,175
            Impairment loss reversed                                                (2,951)             (6,812)

            At the end of the year                                                  13,412             16,363



           Credit risk arising from loan to a third party

           The loan to a third party is fully secured by machinery held by the third party. The maximum
           exposure to credit risk in respect of the loan at the end of the reporting period, without taking
           into account the collateral, and the key terms of the loans are disclosed in Note 20.


     (b)   Liquidity risk

           Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management,
           including the short-term investment of cash surpluses and the raising of loans to cover expected
           cash demands, subject to approval by the parent company’s board when the borrowings exceed
           certain predetermined levels of authority.

           The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and its compliance with
           lending covenants and its relationship with finance providers, to ensure that it maintains
           sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial
           institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025   223
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      40   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

           (b)   Liquidity risk - continued

                 The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of each reporting
                 period of the Group’s financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash
                 flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on
                 rates current at the reporting date) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                                  At December 31, 2025
                                                       More than 1 year   More than 2 years
                                       Within 1 year      but less than       but less than                                     Carrying amount at
                                       or on demand             2 years             5 years    More than 5 years        Total December 31, 2025
                                           RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000                RMB’000    RMB’000              RMB’000
                  Bank loans              1,057,531                700                2,101                 6,805   1,067,137            1,059,957
                  Lease liabilities          59,345             39,458               33,336                     –    132,139              126,976
                  Trade and bills
                    payables                249,032                  –                    –                     –    249,032              249,032
                  Other payables and
                    accruals              1,898,494                  –                    –                     –   1,898,494            1,898,494
                  Other financial
                    liability                     –                  –            1,449,883                     –   1,449,883            1,183,317

                                          3,264,402             40,158            1,485,320                 6,805   4,796,685            4,517,776


                                                                              At December 31, 2024 (restated)
                                                       More than 1 year   More than 2 years
                                       Within 1 year      but less than       but less than                                     Carrying amount at
                                       or on demand             2 years             5 years    More than 5 years        Total December 31, 2024
                                           RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000                RMB’000    RMB’000              RMB’000
                  Bank loans              1,056,316                716                2,148                 6,741   1,065,921            1,059,393
                  Lease liabilities          70,161              37,697              53,275                     –    161,133               149,976
                  Trade and bills
                    payables                276,064                  –                    –                     –    276,064               276,064
                  Other payables and
                    accruals              1,157,557                  –                    –                     –   1,157,557            1,157,557
                  Other financial
                    liability                     –                  –            1,194,350                     –   1,194,350            1,008,772

                                          2,560,098              38,413           1,249,773                 6,741   3,855,025            3,651,762




224   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         (Expressed in Renminbi)


40   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

     (c)   Interest rate risk

           Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument
           will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises
           primarily from short-term and long-term borrowings and time deposits. Borrowings issued at
           variable rates and at fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk and fair value
           interest rate risk respectively. The Group’s interest rate profile as monitored by management is
           set out below:

                                                                2025                      2024 (restated)
                                                        Effective                       Effective
                                                    Interest rate        Amount     Interest rate       Amount
                                                               %        RMB’000                %       RMB’000
            Fixed rate financial instruments:


            Financial assets
            – Time deposits (current portion)       2.00%-2.90%           65,528          1.80%             10,000
            – Time deposits (non-current portion)   2.15%-2.40%          748,603    2.15%-2.90%         498,140
            – Loan to a third party                       3.45%          100,105          3.45%         100,105


            Financial liabilities:
            – Bank loans                            0.50%-1.05%        (1,059,957) 0.86%-1.06%       (1,051,139)

            Total                                                       (145,721)                      (442,894)




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025    225
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      40   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

           (d)   Currency risk

                 The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and borrowings which give rise
                 to cash balances and bank loans that are denominated in a currency other than the functional
                 currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The currencies giving rise to this
                 risk are primarily USD and RMB.

                 (i)   Exposure to currency risk

                       The following table details the Group’s exposure as at December 31, 2025 to currency risk
                       arising from the recognized assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than
                       the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purpose, the
                       amounts of exposure are shown in RMB translated using the spot rate of the end of each
                       reporting period. Differences resulting from the translation of the financial statements
                       of the Group’s subsidiaries with functional currency other than RMB into the Group’s
                       presentation currency are excluded.

                                                                                         2025           2024
                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000
                        USD
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                      732,223          12,012
                        Trade and other receivables                                    428,366           1,450
                        Trade and other payables                                      (336,241)       (137,008)

                        Net exposure                                                   824,348        (123,546)


                                                                                         2025           2024
                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000
                        RMB
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                      240,126          11,161
                        Trade and other payables                                      (662,200)       (434,510)

                        Net exposure                                                  (422,074)       (423,349)




226   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


40   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

     (d)   Currency risk - continued


           (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                  The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax
                  (and retained profits) that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has
                  significant exposure at the end of each reporting period had changed at that date, assuming
                  all other risk variables remained constant. In this respect, it is assumed that the pegged
                  rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar would be materially
                  unaffected by any changes in movement in value of the United States dollar against other
                  currencies.

                                                         2025                             2024
                                                 Increase/           Effect       Increase/             Effect
                                                (decrease)        on profit      (decrease)          on profit
                                                 in foreign       after tax      in foreign          after tax
                                                 exchange     and retained        exchange       and retained
                                                     rates          profits           rates            profits
                                                                  RMB’000                            RMB’000
                   USD                                 5%           32,573              5%              (5,188)
                                                       (5%)        (32,573)            (5%)             5,188


                   RMB                                 5%          (16,729)             5%            (16,833)
                                                       (5%)         16,729             (5%)            16,833

                  Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of
                  the instantaneous effects on each of the Group subsidiaries’ profit after tax and equity
                  measured in the respective functional currencies, and then translated into RMB at the
                  exchange rate ruling at the end of each reporting period for presentation purpose.

                  The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been
                  applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the
                  Group to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period, including inter-company
                  payables and receivables within the Group which are denominated in a currency other than
                  the functional currencies of the lender or the borrower. The analysis excludes differences
                  that would result from the translation of the financial statements of entities whose
                  functional currency is not RMB. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2024.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025   227
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      40   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

           (e)   Fair value measurement

                 Fair value hierarchy

                 The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at
                 the end of each reporting period on a recurring basis, categorized into the three-level fair value
                 hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value
                 measurement is classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance of
                 the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

                 – Level 1 valuations:         Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted
                                               quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at
                                               the measurement date;


                 – Level 2 valuations:         Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs
                                               which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable
                                               inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are
                                               not available;


                 – Level 3 valuations:         Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.

                 The Group has a team headed by the finance manager performing valuations for the financial
                 instruments, including unlisted equity investments and unlisted units in investment funds
                 which are categorized into Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The team reports directly to the
                 chief financial officer. A valuation report with analysis of changes in fair value measurement is
                 prepared by the team at each interim and annual reporting date, and is reviewed and approved by
                 the chief financial officer. Discussion of the valuation process and results with the chief financial
                 officer is held twice a year, to coincide with the reporting dates.




228   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       (Expressed in Renminbi)


40   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

     (e)   Fair value measurement - continued

           Fair value hierarchy - continued

                                                      Fair value at
                                                     December 31,          Fair value measurement at
                                                              2025     December 31, 2025 categorized into
                                                         RMB’000       Level 1          Level 2         Level 3
            Recurring fair value measurement
            Financial assets at FVOCI
              – Listed equity securities                    22,233      22,233               –                   –
              – Unlisted equity investments                275,132           –         275,132                   –
            Financial assets at FVPL
              – Listed equity securities                   265,068     265,068               –                   –
              – Unlisted equity investments                373,550           –         253,773          119,777
              – Unlisted units in investment funds         504,942           –               –          504,942
            Interest in associates                          50,558           –          50,558                   –

                                                      Fair value at
                                                     December 31,          Fair value measurement at
                                                              2024     December 31, 2024 categorized into
                                                         RMB’000        Level 1         Level 2             Level 3
            Recurring fair value measurement
            Financial assets at FVOCI
              – Listed equity securities                     4,857       4,857               –                   –
              – Unlisted equity investments                275,132           –         275,132                   –
            Financial assets at FVPL
              – Listed equity security                      65,718      65,718               –                   –
              – Unlisted equity investments                386,567           –         200,927          185,640
              – Unlisted units in investment funds         509,217           –               –          509,217
            Interest in associates                          40,000           –          40,000                   –




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025       229
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      40   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

           (e)   Fair value measurement - continued

                 Fair value hierarchy - continued

                 During the year ended December 31, 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level
                 2. During the year ended December 31, 2025, there were transfers of amount of RMB35,943,000
                 (2024: RMB66,033,000) from Level 2 to Level 3 due to significant unobservable inputs in 2025.
                 During the year ended December 31, 2025, there were transfers of amount of RMB110,701,000
                 (2024: RMB142,480,000) from Level 3 to Level 2 due to the available recently comparable
                 transaction not using significant unobservable inputs in 2025. The Group’s policy is to recognize
                 transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which
                 they occur.


                 Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements

                 The fair value of unlisted equity securities and certain unlisted equity investments in Level 2
                 is determined by recent comparable transaction price on the market. These investments were
                 either acquired, re-invested by the Group recently or newly financed on the market.


                 Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                        Valuation techniques               Significant unobservable inputs
                   – Unlisted equity investments        Comparable transactions            Changing trend of medium
                                                          adjusted approach/market           market multiples of comparable
                                                          approach (Note i)                  companies/medium market
                                                                                             multiples of comparable companies


                   – Unlisted units in investment       Net asset value (Note ii)          Net asset value of underlying
                        funds                                                                investments

                 Notes:

                 (i)    The fair value of certain unlisted equity investments is determined using comparable transactions adjusted
                        approach or market approach adjusted for changing trend of medium market multiples of comparable
                        companies or medium market multiples of comparable companies. The fair value measurement is positively
                        correlated to the changing trend of medium market multiples of comparable companies or medium market
                        multiples of comparable companies. As at December 31, 2025, it is estimated that with all other variables
                        held constant, an increase/decrease in change of medium market multiples of comparable companies or
                        medium market multiples of comparable companies by 5% would have increased/decreased the Group’s
                        profit for the year by RMB5,373,000 (2024: RMB8,667,000).

                 (ii)   The fair value of unlisted units in investment funds is determined referencing net asset value of underlying
                        investments. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to net asset value of underlying
                        investments. As at December 31, 2025, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, an
                        increase/decrease in net asset value of underlying investments by 5% would have increased/decreased the
                        Group’s profit for the year by RMB22,694,000 (2024: RMB23,004,000).




230   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


40   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

     (e)   Fair value measurement - continued

           Information about Level 3 fair value measurements - continued

           The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances
           for fair value measurement in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                      At                  At
                                                                            December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
            Financial assets at FVPL
            At January 1                                                         694,857            970,696
            Net realized and unrealized losses on financial assets
              at fair value through profit or loss                               (37,403)          (250,218)
            Purchases                                                             55,267             96,350
            Sales and settlements                                                 (5,550)           (54,386)
            Exchange difference                                                   (7,694)             8,862
            Transfer to Level 2                                                 (110,701)          (142,480)
            Transfer from Level 2                                                 35,943             66,033

            At December 31                                                       624,719            694,857


           All financial instruments carried at cost or amortized cost are at amounts not materially
           different from their values as at December 31, 2025.


     (f)   Equity price risk

           The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from financial assets measured as FVPL or
           FVOCI (see Notes 18 and 19).

           The Group’s listed investments are listed on the NASDAQ or Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Their
           performance is assessed at least semi-annually against performance of similar listed entities,
           based on the limited information available to the Group, together with an assessment of their
           relevance to the Group’s long-term strategic plans.




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   231
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      40   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - continued

           (f)   Equity price risk - continued

                 As at December 31, 2025, it is estimated that an increase/(decrease) of 1% (2024: 1%) in the
                 equity prices of the respective instruments, with all other variables held constant, would have
                 increased/decreased the Group’s profit after tax (and retained profits) and other components of
                 consolidated equity as follows:

                                                                      2025                          2024
                                                              Effect on                     Effect on
                                                                 profit                        profit
                                                                  after      Effect on          after      Effect on
                                                                tax and         other        tax and          other
                                                               retained    components       retained    components
                                                                profits      of equity        profits      of equity
                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                  Change in the equity price
                  Increase                           1%          2,553            189            549             41
                  Decrease                          (1%)         (2,553)         (189)          (549)           (41)

                 The sensitivity analysis indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and
                 retained profits) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise assuming that
                 the changes in the stock market index or other relevant risk variables had occurred at the end
                 of the reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by
                 the Group which expose the Group to equity price risk at the end of the reporting period. It is also
                 assumed that the fair values of the Group’s equity investments would change in accordance with
                 the historical correlation with the relevant stock market index or the relevant risk variables, and
                 that all other variables remain constant. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2024.




232   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi)


41   BUSINESS COMBINATION UNDER COMMON CONTROL

     As mentioned in Note 2(b) to these consolidated financial statements, the acquisition of Hainan
     Xianwei has been accounted for in accordance with the principles of merger accounting.

     The financial position previously reported by the Group as December 31, 2024 has been restated to
     include the assets and liabilities of the combining entities recognized at the carrying value based on
     the controlling party’s financial statements as set out below:

                                                                                    Inter-
                                                                 Hainan           company
                                                   The Group     Xianwei       elimination         The Group
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000
                                               (as previously                                    (as restated)
                                                    reported)
      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                2,269,544       57,838               –           2,327,382
      Intangible assets                            1,025,438            –               –           1,025,438
      Goodwill                                       142,474            –               –             142,474
      Interest in associates                          50,870            –               –              50,870
      Interest in joint ventures                     102,342            –               –             102,342
      Prepayments, deposits and other
        receivables                                  178,191        5,640               –             183,831
      Financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                   279,989           –                –             279,989
      Financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                               961,502           –                –             961,502
      Loan to a third party                          100,105           –                –             100,105
      Time deposits                                  498,140           –                –             498,140
      Deferred tax assets                            435,589           –                –             435,589

                                                   6,044,184       63,478               –           6,107,662

      Current assets
      Inventories                                    593,649         120                –             593,769
      Contract assets                                  4,611           –                –               4,611
      Trade and bills receivables                  2,699,825           –                –           2,699,825
      Prepayments, deposits and other
        receivables                                  178,525        7,128            (320)            185,333
      Pledged deposits                                24,050            –               –              24,050
      Restricted deposits                             22,014            –               –              22,014
      Time deposits                                        –       10,000               –              10,000
      Cash and cash equivalents                    1,943,069        9,517               –           1,952,586

                                                   5,465,743       26,765            (320)          5,492,188




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   233
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      41   BUSINESS COMBINATION UNDER COMMON CONTROL - continued

                                                                                      Inter-
                                                                      Hainan        company
                                                        The Group     Xianwei    elimination      The Group
                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                    (as previously                              (as restated)
                                                         reported)
            Current liabilities
            Bank loans                                  1,051,139           –              –       1,051,139
            Lease liabilities                              67,559           –              –          67,559
            Trade and bills payables                      275,725         339              –         276,064
            Other payables and accruals                 1,156,198       1,679           (320)      1,157,557
            Taxation payable                              154,358           –              –         154,358
            Provisions                                     22,000           –              –          22,000

                                                        2,726,979       2,018           (320)      2,728,677

            Net current assets                          2,738,764      24,747              –       2,763,511

            Total assets less current liabilities       8,782,948      88,225              –       8,871,173

            Non-current liabilities
            Bank loans                                      8,254           –              –           8,254
            Lease liabilities                              82,417           –              –          82,417
            Deferred income                               377,686      22,463              –         400,149
            Deferred tax liabilities                       72,704           –              –          72,704
            Other financial liability                   1,008,772           –              –       1,008,772
            Other non-current liability                   165,000           –              –         165,000

                                                        1,714,833      22,463              –       1,737,296

            NET ASSETS                                  7,068,115      65,762              –       7,133,877


            CAPITAL AND RESERVES
            Share capital                               3,173,805     100,000       (100,000)      3,173,805
            Reserves                                    3,894,310     (34,238)       100,000       3,960,072

            Total equity attributable to equity
              shareholders of the Company               7,068,115      65,762              –       7,133,877
            Non-controlling interest                            –           –              –               –

            TOTAL EQUITY                                7,068,115      65,762              –       7,133,877




234   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


41   BUSINESS COMBINATION UNDER COMMON CONTROL - continued

     The financial performance previously reported by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024
     have been restated to include the operating results of the combining entities from the earliest date
     presented or since the date when combining entities first came under common control, where this is
     a shorter period, regardless of the date of the common control combination, as set out below:

                                                                                    Inter-
                                                                    Hainan        company
                                                      The Group     Xianwei    elimination          The Group
                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                  (as previously                                  (as restated)
                                                       reported)
      Revenue                                         6,635,211           –             –            6,635,211
      Cost of sales                                  (1,310,632)          –             –           (1,310,632)

      Gross profit                                    5,324,579           –             –            5,324,579
      Other income                                      251,568          75          (808)             250,835
      Other net loss                                  (287,721)           –             –            (287,721)
      Research and development costs                 (1,410,115)     (7,985)          808           (1,417,292)
      Selling and distribution expenses              (2,511,065)          –             –           (2,511,065)
      Administrative and other operating
        expenses                                      (526,041)      (3,646)            –            (529,687)
      Reversal of impairment loss on trade and
        other receivables                                 6,842           –             –                6,842

      Profit from operations                            848,047     (11,556)            –              836,491
      Finance income                                     39,226         393             –               39,619
      Finance costs                                     (30,785)          –             –              (30,785)
      Interest expenses arising from redemption
        liabilities                                     (38,772)          –             –              (38,772)

      Net finance costs                                 (30,331)        393             –              (29,938)

      Share of losses of associates                      (1,632)          –             –               (1,632)
      Share of profits of joint ventures                  3,794           –             –                3,794

      Profit before taxation                            819,878     (11,163)            –              808,715

      Income tax                                        (86,713)          –             –              (86,713)

      Profit for the year                               733,165     (11,163)            –              722,002




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   235
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      41   BUSINESS COMBINATION UNDER COMMON CONTROL - continued

                                                                                           Inter-
                                                                           Hainan        company
                                                             The Group     Xianwei    elimination     The Group
                                                              RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                         (as previously                             (as restated)
                                                              reported)
            Attributable to:
            Equity shareholders of the Company                 733,165     (11,163)            –         722,002
            Non-controlling interests                                –           –             –               –

            Profit for the year                                733,165     (11,163)            –         722,002

            Earnings per share
            – Basic and diluted (RMB)                             0.29                                      0.29


                                                                                           Inter-
                                                                           Hainan        company
                                                             The Group     Xianwei    elimination     The Group
                                                              RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                         (as previously                             (as restated)
                                                              reported)
            Profit for the year                                733,165     (11,163)            –         722,002
              Other comprehensive income for
                 the year (after tax)
              Items that will not be reclassified to
                 profit or loss:
              Financial assets at fair value through
                 other comprehensive income (FVOCI)
                 - net movement in fair value reserves
                 (non-recycling), net of tax                    89,186           –             –          89,186
              Exchange difference on translation of
                 company level financial statements              8,952           –             –           8,952
              Items that will be reclassified to
                 profit or loss:
              Exchange difference on translation
                 of financial statements of overseas
                 subsidiaries                                    5,735           –             –           5,735

              Other comprehensive income for
                 the year                                      103,873           –             –         103,873

              Total comprehensive income for
                 the year                                      837,038     (11,163)            –         825,875



236   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         (Expressed in Renminbi)


41   BUSINESS COMBINATION UNDER COMMON CONTROL - continued

                                                                                         Inter-
                                                                     Hainan            company
                                                       The Group     Xianwei        elimination          The Group
                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                   (as previously                                      (as restated)
                                                        reported)
        Attributable to:
          Equity shareholders of the Company             837,038     (11,163)                –              825,875
          Non-controlling interests                            –           –                 –                    –

        Total comprehensive income for the year          837,038     (11,163)                –              825,875


     The cash flows previously reported by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 have been
     restated to include the cash flows of the combining entities from the earliest date presented or since
     the date when combining entities first came under common control, where this is a shorter period,
     regardless of the date of the common control combination, as set out below:

                                                                     Hainan     Inter-company
                                                     The Group       Xianwei       elimination          The Group
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                  (as previously                                      (as restated)
                                                      reported)
      Net cash generated from/(used in)
        operating activities                          1,391,116           16                 –           1,391,132
      Net cash used in investing activities          (1,050,092)    (22,611)                 –          (1,072,703)
      Net cash (used in)/generated from
        financing activities                          (407,403)       30,840                 –           (376,563)

      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and
        cash equivalents                                (66,379)       8,245                 –             (58,134)


      Cash and cash equivalents as at
        January 1, 2024                               2,007,162        1,272                 –           2,008,434
      Effect of foreign exchange rate
        changes                                           2,286            –                 –               2,286

      Cash and cash equivalents as at
        December 31, 2024                             1,943,069        9,517                 –           1,952,586




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025   237
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      42   COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                        2025        2024
                                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000
            Non-current assets
            Property, plant and equipment                              1,523       2,082
            Interest in subsidiaries                                4,545,599   5,015,315
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    621,611     428,410

                                                                    5,168,733   5,445,807

            Current assets
            Trade receivables                                            477           –
            Other receivables                                            311         372
            Amount due from subsidiaries                             782,631     757,477
            Loans to subsidiaries                                     22,026      18,118
            Restricted deposits                                            –      13,070
            Inventories                                                  433           –
            Cash and cash equivalents                               1,302,428     32,578

                                                                    2,108,306    821,615

            Current liabilities
            Loans from subsidiaries                                    2,510     577,733
            Other payables                                             4,483         784
            Taxation payable                                          10,417      10,417

                                                                      17,410     588,934

            Net current assets                                      2,090,896    232,681

            Total assets less current liabilities                   7,259,629   5,678,488

            NET ASSETS                                              7,259,629   5,678,488




238   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  (Expressed in Renminbi)


42   COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION - continued

                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
      CAPITAL AND RESERVES
      Share capital                                                           4,618,517         3,173,805
      Reserves                                                                2,641,112         2,504,683

      TOTAL EQUITY                                                            7,259,629         5,678,488


     Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on March 25, 2026.
                                                                )
     Ren Jinsheng                                               )
                                                                )
                                                                ) Directors
                                                                )
     Wan Yushan                                                 )
                                                                )

43   NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     The Company planned to spin off and separately list the H shares of Simcere Zaiming, a subsidiary
     of the Company, on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. On January 9, 2026, Simcere Zaiming
     submitted a listing application form to the Stock Exchange to apply for the listing of the Simcere
     Zaiming’s H shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

     After the end of the reporting period the directors proposed a final dividend. Further details are
     disclosed in Note 36(b).


44   IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY

     At December 31, 2025, the directors of the Company consider the immediate parent of the Group
     is SPHL, a company incorporated in Cayman Islands. The ultimate controlling party of the Group is
     Mr. Ren Jinsheng, Chairman of the Group. SPHL does not produce financial statements available for
     public use.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   239
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (Expressed in Renminbi)


      45   POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT
           NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025

           Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or
           amended standard, which are not yet effective for the year ended December 31, 2025 and which have
           not been adopted in these financial statements. These developments include the following which may
           be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                               Effective for
                                                                                         accounting periods
                                                                                                  beginning
                                                                                                 on or after
            Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7, Contracts Referencing
              Nature-dependent Electricity                                                  January 1, 2026


            Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7, Amendments to
              the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments                   January 1, 2026


            Annual improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards - Volume 11                   January 1, 2026


            HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements                   January 1, 2027


            HKFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures               January 1, 2027


            Amendments to HKAS 21, Translation to a hyperinflationary
              presentation currency                                                         January 1, 2027


            Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28, Sale or contribution of
              assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture               To be determined




240   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    (Expressed in Renminbi)


45   POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT
     NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025 - continued

     The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is
     expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them
     is unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements, except for the
     following:


     HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements

     HKFRS 18 will replace HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and aims to improve the
     transparency and comparability of information about an entity’s financial statements. HKFRS 18
     is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027 and is to be applied
     retrospectively.

     Among other changes, under HKFRS 18, entities are required to classify all income and expenses
     into five categories in the statement of profit or loss, namely the operating, investing, financing,
     discontinued operations and income tax categories. Entities are also required to provide specific
     disclosures about management-defined performance measures in a single note in the financial
     statements.

     The Group does not plan to early adopt HKFRS 18 and is still in the process of assessing the impact
     of the adoption.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025   241
      FINANCIAL SUMMARY


      RESULTS

                                             2025        2024          2023          2022          2021
                                      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                    (restated)    (restated)    (restated)    (restated)

       Revenue                        7,731,411      6,635,211     6,607,805     6,324,082     5,006,643
       Gross Profit                   6,309,856      5,324,579     4,984,153     4,996,678     3,921,503
       Research and
         development costs           (1,563,018)    (1,417,292)   (1,574,329)   (1,729,858)   (1,416,746)
       Profit before taxation         1,514,330       808,715       723,710       881,897      1,401,125
       Profit for the year            1,344,008       722,002       697,622       922,375      1,498,249
       Profit attributable to
         equity shareholders
         of the Company               1,344,008       722,002       698,432       926,511      1,506,424


      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                             2025        2024          2023          2022          2021
                                      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                    (restated)    (restated)    (restated)    (restated)

       Non-current assets             7,335,862      6,107,662     5,265,407     5,374,285     5,185,484
       Current assets                 7,389,771      5,492,188     5,641,102     5,465,982     4,984,493
       Total assets                 14,725,633      11,599,850    10,906,509    10,840,267    10,169,977
       Non-current liabilities       (1,965,994)    (1,737,296)     (946,494)     (674,562)     (634,623)
       Current liabilities           (3,345,049)    (2,728,677)   (2,690,350)   (2,978,131)   (3,065,748)
       Total liabilities             (5,311,043)    (4,465,973)   (3,636,844)   (3,652,693)   (3,700,371)
       Total equity                  (9,414,590)    (7,133,877)   (7,269,664)   (7,187,574)   (6,469,606)




242   SIMCERE PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
