                                                    UNITED STATES
                                  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                          WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                                       FORM 40-F


     ☐    REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                                                            OR

     ☒   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13(a) OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended:   December 31, 2022                                          Commission File Number:   1-8481



                                                       BCE INC.
                                   (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
                                                          Canada
                             (Province or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
                                                          4813
                         (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number (if applicable))
                                                       98-0134477
                                  (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number (if applicable))
                             1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building A, 7th Floor,
                                  Verdun, Québec, Canada H3E 3B3, (514) 870-8777
                        (Address and telephone number of Registrant’s principal executive offices)



                CT Corporation System, 28 Liberty St., New York, New York 10005, (212) 894-8940
(Name, address (including zip code) and telephone number (including area code) of agent for service in the United States)
                                      Copies of all correspondence should be sent to:

   Martin Cossette                                            Donald R. Crawshaw
   Vice-President, Corporate Strategy and Corporate           Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
   Secretary                                                  125 Broad Street
   BCE Inc.                                                   New York, New York 10004-2498
   1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell                         Tel: (212) 558-4000
   Building A, 7th Floor
   Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3
   Canada
   Tel: (514) 786-8424
                                    Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

         Title of each class                     Trading symbol                Name of each exchange on which registered

         Common shares                                BCE                              New York Stock Exchange


                                 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
               Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None
                      For annual reports, indicate by check mark the information filed with this form:
                               ☒ Annual Information Form ☒ Audited Annual Financial Statements
Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the
period covered by the annual report:

   Common Shares                                                                                           911,982,866
   First Preferred Shares
       Series R                                                                                              7,992,000
       Series S                                                                                              2,125,067
       Series T                                                                                              5,820,633
       Series Y                                                                                              7,009,252
       Series Z                                                                                              2,973,348
       Series AA                                                                                            12,254,761
       Series AB                                                                                             7,664,939
       Series AC                                                                                            10,007,791
       Series AD                                                                                             9,951,109
       Series AE                                                                                             6,460,913
       Series AF                                                                                             9,472,387
       Series AG                                                                                             8,921,530
       Series AH                                                                                             4,987,870
       Series AI                                                                                             9,477,640
       Series AJ                                                                                             4,454,760
       Series AK                                                                                            23,119,512
       Series AL                                                                                             1,797,188
       Series AM                                                                                            10,422,778
       Series AN                                                                                             1,052,822
       Series AQ                                                                                             9,108,800
   Total First Preferred Shares                                                                            155,075,100
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
                                                          Yes: ☒ No: ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
                                                          Yes: ☒ No: ☐




                                                                                                                              2
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.

        Emerging Growth Company ☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

† The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the
effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.
7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of
the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of
incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period
pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b). ☐


                                                                                                                            3
                                 PRIOR FILINGS MODIFIED AND SUPERSEDED
The annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc. (“BCE”) for the year ended December 31, 2022, at the time of filing with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC” or “Commission”), modifies and supersedes all prior documents
filed pursuant to Sections 13, 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act for purposes of any offers or sales of any securities after
the date of such filing pursuant to any registration statement or prospectus filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933
which incorporates by reference such annual report on Form 40-F.
                        ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                            AND MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
A. Annual Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
The BCE annual audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the “BCE 2022
Financial Statements”) are contained in Exhibit 99.3 and are incorporated herein by reference.
B. Management’s Discussion and Analysis
BCE management’s discussion and analysis for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the “BCE 2022 MD&A”) is contained
in Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.
                                  DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be
disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under Canadian or U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified under those laws, and include controls and procedures that are designed to
ensure that the information is accumulated and communicated to management, including BCE’s President and Chief
Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure.
As at December 31, 2022, management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the CEO and the
CFO, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act,
and under National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings.
Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as at
December 31, 2022.
                             INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
A. Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting
The report of BCE’s management entitled “Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting” is contained
in Exhibit 99.4 and is incorporated herein by reference.
B. Auditors’ report on internal control over financial reporting
The report of independent registered public accounting firm concerning the effectiveness of BCE’s internal control over
financial reporting is contained in Exhibit 99.4 and is incorporated herein by reference.




                                                                                                                            4
C. Changes in internal control over financial reporting
There have been no changes during the year ended December 31, 2022 in our internal control over financial reporting that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
                           STATEMENT REGARDING CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
There can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures to disclose all
material information otherwise required to be set forth in our disclosure. Furthermore, a control system, no matter how
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to the reliability of financial
reporting and financial statement preparation. Accordingly, BCE does not expect that BCE’s internal control over financial
reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. BCE will continue to periodically review its disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting and may make modifications from time to time as considered
necessary or desirable.
                                     AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT
In respect of the current members of BCE’s Audit Committee (“Audit Committee”), the board of directors of BCE
determined that the current Chair of the Audit Committee, Mr. L.P. Pagnutti, as well as Ms. K. Lee and Ms. M.F. Leroux
are qualified as “audit committee financial experts”, and that all members of the Audit Committee are independent under
the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange.
                                                    CODE OF ETHICS
All employees, directors and officers must follow Bell Canada’s Code of Business Conduct (the “Code of Conduct”),
which provides guidelines for ethical behaviour. The Code of Conduct includes additional guidelines for executive officers
and management, including the CEO, CFO, Controller and Treasurer. The Code of Conduct is available in the governance
section of BCE’s website at BCE.ca and will be provided in print at no charge to any person who sends a written request
by mail to BCE Inc. addressed to the Corporate Secretary, at 1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building A, 7th Floor,
Verdun, Québec, Canada H3E 3B3.

In 2022, amendments were made to the Code of Conduct in order to:


  – update the section entitled Objectives to include the efficient use of energy and other resources;
  – add a new section entitled Human Rights to clarify obligations relating to BCE's human rights policy;
  – update the section entitled Business Gifts & Entertainment to clarify and update certain of its content, including
    restrictions relating to public officials and public sector events/activities;
  – add a new section entitled Considerations in Foreign Jurisdictions to clarify obligations related to dealings in or
    with foreign jurisdictions;
  – update the section entitled Insider Trading to clarify obligations relating to undisclosed material information and
    update the recommended trading window;
  – update the section entitled Employee Privacy to clarify safeguards surrounding personal information;
  – add a new section entitled Confidential Game or Event Information to clarify obligations relating to confidential
    information about a game or event;
  – update the sections entitled Safeguarding Bell Assets and Visible ID to clarify obligations relating to physical
    security safeguards; and
  — update the section entitled Environmental Leadership to include measures supporting our environmental
    objectives.
In addition to these changes, certain other technical, administrative and non-substantive amendments were made to the
Code of Conduct.



                                                                                                                             5
A copy of the Code of Conduct, as amended, has been posted on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.
                                  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

A brief description of our pre-approval policies and procedures and information about fees and services billed to us by our
principal accountant, Deloitte LLP (PCAOB ID No. 1208) can be found under the sections entitled “Pre-approval policies
and procedures” and “External auditors’ fees” on page 37 of our Annual Information Form contained in Exhibit 99.1,
which sections are incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 40-F.

In 2022 and 2021, no audit-related, tax or other services were submitted to BCE’s Audit Committee for approval pursuant
to the pre-approval requirement waiver provision set out in paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X.
                                       OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
Please see the sections entitled “Contractual obligations” and “Indemnifications and guarantees (off-balance sheet)” on
page 79 of the BCE 2022 MD&A contained in Exhibit 99.2 (which sections are incorporated by reference in this annual
report on Form 40-F) for a discussion of certain off-balance sheet arrangements.
                                   IDENTIFICATION OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE

BCE has a separately designated standing Audit Committee established in accordance with section 3(a)(58)(A) of the
Exchange Act. BCE’s Audit Committee is comprised of five independent members: Mr. L.P. Pagnutti (Chair), Ms. K. Lee,
Ms. M.F. Leroux, Ms. J. Tory and Mr. C. Wright.

                                              MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
                                                       UNDERTAKING
BCE undertakes to make available, in person or by telephone, representatives to respond to inquiries made by the
Commission staff, and to furnish promptly, when requested to do so by the Commission staff, information relating to: the
securities in relation to which the obligation to file this annual report on Form 40-F arises or transactions in said securities.
                                                WEBSITE INFORMATION
Notwithstanding any reference to BCE’s website or other websites on the World Wide Web in this annual report on Form
40-F or in the documents attached as Exhibits hereto, the information contained in BCE’s website or any other site on the
World Wide Web referred to in this annual report on Form 40-F or in the documents attached as Exhibits hereto, or referred
to in BCE’s website, is not a part of this annual report on Form 40-F and, therefore, is not filed with the Commission.
     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES FROM NYSE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE RULES
A summary of significant differences between corporate governance practices followed by BCE and corporate governance
practices required to be followed by U.S. domestic companies under the New York Stock Exchange’s Listing Standards
(disclosure required by section 303A.11 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual) is available in the governance section of
BCE’s website at BCE.ca.



                                                                                                                                6
                                                       SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on
Form 40-F and has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized.

                                                                                        BCE Inc.

                                                                                        By:      (signed) Glen LeBlanc
                                                                                                 Glen LeBlanc
                                                                                                 Executive Vice-President
                                                                                                 and Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                        Date:    March 3, 2023




                                                                                                                                 7
                                                                                               LIST OF EXHIBITS
                                                                                               TO FORM 40-F
Annual Information Form of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022                          Exhibit 99.1
Management's Discussion and Analysis of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022             Exhibit 99.2
Annual audited consolidated financial statements of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31,
2022                                                                                              Exhibit 99.3
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting and the Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon                                             Exhibit 99.4
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                                          Exhibit 99.5
Bell Canada Unaudited Selected Summary Financial Information                                      Exhibit 99.6
Exhibit to 2022 Annual Financial Statements – Earnings Coverage                                   Exhibit 99.7
Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                                                    Exhibit 99.31
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002        Exhibit 99.32
Interactive Data File                                                                             Exhibit 101
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)          Exhibit 104



                                                                                                                  8
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Exhibit 99.1




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               connectivity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               environment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               security
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               network
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               service
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               education
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Better                     growth
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               workplace
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               communities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               mental health
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               content
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               world
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               value
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               investments
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               opportunities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL  INFORMATIONFORM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         FORM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    MARCH 2, 2023                              BCE
connectivity environment security network service technology education Better growth workplace communities mental health content world value investments opportunities ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 MARCH 2, 2023
                                                In this Annual Information Form, we, us, our, BCE and the company mean, as the context
                                                may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively, BCE Inc., Bell Canada, their subsidiaries, joint
                                                arrangements and associates. Bell means, as the context may require, either Bell Canada
                                                or, collectively, Bell Canada, its subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates.
                                                Each section of BCE’s 2020, 2021 and 2022 management’s discussion and analysis (BCE
                                                2020 MD&A, BCE 2021 MD&A and BCE 2022 MD&A, respectively) and each section of
                                                BCE’s 2022 consolidated financial statements referred to in this Annual Information Form is
                                                incorporated by reference herein. No other document shall be considered to be
                                                incorporated by reference in this Annual Information Form. The BCE 2020 MD&A, BCE
                                                2021 MD&A, BCE 2022 MD&A and BCE 2022 consolidated financial statements have
                                                been filed with the Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities (available at
                                                sedar.com) and with the United States (U.S.) Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
                                                as exhibits to BCE’s annual reports on Form 40-F (available at sec.gov). They are also
                                                available on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.
                                                Unless otherwise indicated herein, documents and other information contained in BCE’s
                                                website or in any other site referred to in BCE’s website or in this Annual Information Form
                                                are not part of this Annual Information Form and are not incorporated by reference herein.
                                                In particular, but without limitation, BCE’s integrated annual report for the year ended
                                                December 31, 2022 and BCE’s TCFD Report on Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities
                                                are not part of this Annual Information Form and are not incorporated by reference herein.
                                                All dollar figures are in Canadian dollars, unless stated otherwise. The information in this
                                                Annual Information Form is as of March 2, 2023, unless stated otherwise, and except for
                                                information in documents incorporated by reference that have a different date.




Trademarks in this Annual Information Form which are owned or used under licence by BCE Inc., Bell Canada or their subsidiaries include, without limitation, BCE, BELL Design, BELL MOBILITY and BELL MEDIA. This Annual
Information Form also includes trademarks of other parties. The trademarks referred to in this Annual Information Form may be listed without the ® and TM symbols.
© BCE Inc., 2023. All rights reserved.
Table of contents

                                                                                                                                                                    Parts of MD&A and financial statements
                                                                                                                             Annual                             incorporated by reference (references are to
                                                                                                                        information                          pages of the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report,
                                                                                                                               form                                       except where otherwise indicated)

1        Caution regarding forward-looking statements                                                                             2                                              32; 38; 66; 68; 91-100

2        Corporate structure                                                                                                      4
         2.1      Incorporation and registered office                                                                             4
         2.2      Subsidiaries                                                                                                    4

3        Description of our business                                                                                              5
         3.1      General summary                                                                                                 5                                  14-18; 46; 54; 58; 65-66; 68; 85
         3.2      Strategic imperatives                                                                                           6                                                                 33-36
         3.3      Competitive strengths                                                                                           7                                                                     34
         3.4      Marketing and distribution channels                                                                           11
         3.5      Transformation of our networks, systems and processes                                                         12
         3.6      Networks                                                                                                      12
         3.7      Employees                                                                                                     15
         3.8      Corporate responsibility                                                                                      15                                                                  22-32
         3.9      Competitive environment                                                                                       20                                39-43; 55-56; 60-61; 63-64; 67; 69
         3.10     Regulatory environment                                                                                        20                                                                  86-90
         3.11     Intangible properties                                                                                         20

4        General development of our business – three-year history                                                               21
         4.1      Transactions                                                                                                  21
         4.2      Corporate developments                                                                                        22             18-21; 33-36; 38-42 (1); 51-54 (1); 38-41 (2); 49-53 (2)
         4.3      Regulatory environment                                                                                        22                                      86-90; 103-106 (1); 99-102 (2)

5        Our capital structure                                                                                                  23
         5.1      BCE securities                                                                                                23                                                               157-158
         5.2      Bell Canada debt securities                                                                                   24                                                               147-148
         5.3      Credit ratings                                                                                                25
         5.4      Trading of our securities                                                                                     28

6        Dividends and dividend payout policy                                                                                   30                                                       19-21; 105-110

7        Our directors and executive officers                                                                                   31
         7.1      Directors                                                                                                     31
         7.2      Executive officers                                                                                            32
         7.3      Directors’ and executive officers’ share ownership                                                            32

8        Legal proceedings                                                                                                      33

9        Interest of management and others in material transactions                                                             35

10       Interest of experts                                                                                                    35

11       Transfer agent and registrar                                                                                           35

12       For more information                                                                                                   35

13       Schedule 1 – Audit Committee information                                                                               36

14       Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter                                                                                   38




(1) References to parts of the BCE 2021 MD&A contained in BCE’s annual report for the year ended December 31, 2021 (BCE 2021 Annual Report).
(2) References to parts of the BCE 2020 MD&A contained in BCE’s annual report for the year ended December 31, 2020 (BCE 2020 Annual Report).

                                                                                                                                               BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                      1
1 Caution regarding forward-looking statements


1         Caution regarding forward-looking statements
Certain statements made in this Annual Information Form are forward-looking statements. These statements include, without limitation, statements
relating to BCE’s dividend growth objective and 2023 annualized common share dividend and dividend payout ratio level, BCE’s network deployment
and capital investment plans and the benefits expected to result therefrom, our objectives concerning carbon abatement enablement and greenhouse
gas (GHG) emissions reduction, including our objective for carbon neutral operations starting in 2025 and to achieve science-based targets (SBTs) by
2026 or 2030, as applicable, our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities, and other statements that do not refer to historical facts. A
statement we make is forward-looking when it uses what we know and expect today to make a statement about the future. Forward-looking statements
are typically identified by the words assumption, goal, guidance, objective, outlook, project, strategy, target and other similar expressions or future or
conditional verbs such as aim, anticipate, believe, could, expect, intend, may, plan, seek, should, strive and will. All such forward-looking statements
are made pursuant to the safe harbour provisions of applicable Canadian securities laws and of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995.
Unless otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements in this               Important risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ
Annual Information Form describe our expectations as at March 2, 2023              materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the previously mentioned
and, accordingly, are subject to change after that date. Except as may be          forward-looking statements and other forward-looking statements contained in
required by applicable securities laws, we do not undertake any obligation to      this Annual Information Form include, but are not limited to: the negative effect
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new        of adverse economic conditions, including a potential recession, and related
information, future events or otherwise.                                           inflationary cost pressures, higher interest rates and financial and capital
                                                                                   market volatility; the negative effect of adverse conditions associated with the
Forward-looking statements, by their very nature, are subject to inherent risks    COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events; a declining level of business and
and uncertainties and are based on several assumptions, both general and           consumer spending, and the resulting negative impact on the demand for, and
specific, which give rise to the possibility that actual results or events could   prices of, our products and services; regulatory initiatives, proceedings and
differ materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, such          decisions, government consultations and government positions that affect us
forward-looking statements and that our business outlook, objectives, plans        and influence our business including, without limitation, concerning mandatory
and strategic priorities may not be achieved. These statements are not             access to networks, spectrum auctions, the imposition of consumer-related
guarantees of future performance or events, and we caution you against             codes of conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum licensing,
relying on any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking                foreign ownership requirements, privacy and cybersecurity obligations and
statements are presented in this Annual Information Form for the purpose of        control of copyright piracy; the inability to implement enhanced compliance
assisting investors and others in understanding our objectives, strategic          frameworks and to comply with legal and regulatory obligations; unfavourable
priorities and business outlook, as well as our anticipated operating              resolution of legal proceedings; the intensity of competitive activity and the
environment. Readers are cautioned, however, that such information may not         failure to effectively respond to evolving competitive dynamics; the level of
be appropriate for other purposes.                                                 technological substitution and the presence of alternative service providers
Subject to various factors including, without limitation, the future impacts of    contributing to disruptions and disintermediation in each of our business
general economic conditions, of the COVID-19 pandemic and of geopolitical          segments; changing customer behaviour and the expansion of cloud-based,
events, which are difficult to predict, we believe that the assumptions on which   over-the-top (OTT) and other alternative solutions; advertising market
the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Information Form are            pressures from economic conditions, fragmentation and non-traditional/global
based were reasonable at March 2, 2023. Refer in particular to the                 digital services; rising content costs and challenges in our ability to acquire or
sub-sections of the BCE 2022 MD&A entitled Assumptions on pages 32, 38,            develop key content; higher Canadian smartphone penetration and reduced or
66 and 68 of BCE’s annual financial report for the year ended December 31,         slower immigration flow; the inability to protect our physical and non-physical
2022 (BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report) for a discussion of certain key            assets from events such as information security attacks, unauthorized access
economic, market, operational and other assumptions we have made in                or entry, fire and natural disasters; the failure to implement effective data
preparing forward-looking statements. If our assumptions turn out to be            governance; the failure to evolve and transform our networks, systems and
inaccurate, actual results or events could be materially different from what we    operations using next-generation technologies while lowering our cost
expect.                                                                            structure; the inability to drive a positive customer


2       BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
1 Caution regarding forward-looking statements

experience; the failure to attract, develop and retain a diverse and talented           These and other risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ
team capable of furthering our strategic imperatives; the failure to adequately         materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-
manage health and safety concerns; labour disruptions and shortages; the                looking statements are discussed in this Annual Information Form and the BCE
failure to maintain operational networks; the risk that we may need to incur            2022 MD&A and, in particular, in section 9, Business risks of the BCE 2022
significant capital expenditures to provide additional capacity and reduce              MD&A, on pages 91 to 100 of the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report.
network congestion; the inability to maintain service consistency due to
network failures or slowdowns, the failure of other infrastructure, or                  Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Information Form for
disruptions in the delivery of services; service interruptions or outages due to        periods beyond 2023 involve longer-term assumptions and estimates than
legacy infrastructure and the possibility of instability as we transition towards       forward-looking statements for 2023 and are consequently subject to greater
converged wireline and wireless networks and newer technologies; the failure            uncertainty. In particular, our GHG emissions reduction and supplier
by us, or by other telecommunications carriers on which we rely to provide              engagement targets are based on a number of assumptions including, without
services, to complete planned and sufficient testing, maintenance,                      limitation, the following principal assumptions: implementation of various
replacement or upgrade of our or their networks, equipment and other                    corporate and business initiatives to reduce our electricity and fuel
facilities, which could disrupt our operations including through network or             consumption, as well as reduce other direct and indirect GHG emissions
other infrastructure failures; events affecting the functionality of, and our ability   enablers; no new corporate initiatives, business acquisitions, business
to protect, test, maintain, replace and upgrade, our networks, IT systems,              divestitures or technologies that would materially increase our anticipated levels
equipment and other facilities; the complexity of our operations; the failure to        of GHG emissions; our ability to purchase sufficient credible carbon credits and
implement or maintain highly effective processes and information technology             renewable energy certificates to offset or further reduce our GHG emissions, if
(IT) systems; in-orbit and other operational risks to which the satellites used to      and when required; no negative impact on the calculation of our GHG
provide our satellite television (TV) services are subject; our dependence on           emissions from refinements in or modifications to international standards or the
third-party suppliers, outsourcers, and consultants to provide an uninterrupted         methodology we use for the calculation of such GHG emissions; no required
supply of the products and services we need; the failure of our vendor                  changes to our SBTs pursuant to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)
selection, governance and oversight processes, including our management of              methodology that would make the achievement of our updated SBTs more
supplier risk in the areas of security, data governance and responsible                 onerous or unachievable in light of business requirements; and sufficient
procurement; the quality of our products and services and the extent to which           supplier engagement and collaboration in setting their own SBTs, no significant
they may be subject to defects or fail to comply with applicable government             change in the allocation of our spend by supplier and sufficient collaboration
regulations and standards; reputational risks and the inability to meaningfully         with partners in reducing their own GHG emissions.
integrate environmental, social and governance (ESG) considerations into our            Forward-looking statements for periods beyond 2023 further assume, unless
business strategy and operations; the failure to take appropriate actions to            otherwise indicated, that the risks described above and in section 9, Business
adapt to current and emerging environmental impacts, including climate                  risks of the BCE 2022 MD&A will remain substantially unchanged during such
change; pandemics, epidemics and other health risks, including health                   periods, except for an assumed improvement in the risks related to the
concerns about radio frequency emissions from wireless communications                   COVID-19 pandemic in future years.
devices and equipment; the inability to adequately manage social issues; the
failure to develop and implement strong corporate governance practices;                 We caution readers that the risks described above are not the only ones that
various internal and external factors could challenge our ability to achieve our        could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or
ESG targets including, without limitation, those related to GHG emissions               that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse
reduction and diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging; the inability to access       effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or
adequate sources of capital and generate sufficient cash flows from operating           reputation. We regularly consider potential acquisitions, dispositions, mergers,
activities to meet our cash requirements, fund capital expenditures and                 business combinations, investments, monetizations, joint ventures and other
provide for planned growth; uncertainty as to whether dividends will be                 transactions, some of which may be significant. Except as otherwise indicated
declared by BCE’s board of directors (BCE Board) or whether the dividend on             by us, forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any
common shares will be increased; the inability to manage various credit,                such transactions or of special items that may be announced or that may occur
liquidity and market risks; the failure to reduce costs, as well as unexpected          after March 2, 2023. The financial impact of these transactions and special
increases in costs; the failure to evolve practices to effectively monitor and          items can be complex and depends on facts particular to each of them. We
control fraudulent activities; new or higher taxes due to new tax laws or               therefore cannot describe the expected impact in a meaningful way or in the
changes thereto or in the interpretation thereof, and the inability to predict the      same way we present known risks affecting our business.
outcome of government audits; the impact on our financial statements and
estimates from a number of factors; and pension obligation volatility and
increased contributions to post-employment benefit plans.

                                                                                                                        BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM           3
2 Corporate structure


2             Corporate structure
2.1 Incorporation and registered office
BCE Inc. was incorporated in 1970 and was continued under the Canada                                                       the exchange of Bell Canada preferred shares for BCE Inc. preferred shares;
Business Corporations Act in 1979. It is governed by a certificate and articles                                            (c) a certificate and articles of amendment dated June 29, 2011 to create two
of amalgamation dated August 1, 2004, as amended by: (a) a certificate and                                                 additional series of BCE Inc. Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares
articles of arrangement dated July 10, 2006 to implement a plan of                                                         (first preferred shares or Preferred Shares); and (d) certificates and articles of
arrangement providing for the distribution by BCE Inc. to its shareholders of                                              amendment dated September 22, 2014 and November 11, 2014 to create six
units in the Bell Aliant Regional Communications Income Fund and to                                                        additional series of BCE Inc. first preferred shares. BCE Inc.’s head and
consolidate outstanding BCE Inc. common shares; (b) a certificate and                                                      registered offices are located at 1, Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building
articles of amendment dated January 25, 2007 to implement a plan of                                                        A, Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3.
arrangement providing for



2.2 Subsidiaries
The table below shows BCE Inc.’s main subsidiaries at December 31, 2022,                                                   assets and 10% or less of our total consolidated operating revenues at
which are all incorporated in Canada, and the percentage of voting securities                                              December 31, 2022. These other subsidiaries together represented 20% or less
that BCE Inc. directly or indirectly held in such subsidiaries on that date. BCE                                           of our total consolidated assets and 20% or less of our total consolidated
Inc. has other subsidiaries that have not been included in the table since each                                            operating revenues at December 31, 2022.
represented 10% or less of our total consolidated

                                                                                                                                                                                                     Percentage of voting securities held
Subsidiary                                                                                                                                                                                             by BCE Inc. at December 31, 2022 (1)

Bell Canada                                                                                                                                                                                                                            100%
Bell Mobility Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     100%
Bell Media Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        100%

(1) At December 31, 2022, BCE Inc. directly held 94.1% of the voting securities of Bell Canada and indirectly held the remaining 5.9% through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bell MTS Inc. BCE Inc. indirectly held all the voting
    securities of: (i) Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility) through Bell Canada, which in turn indirectly held all the voting securities of Bell Mobility through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bell Mobility Holdings Inc.; and (ii) Bell Media Inc.
    (Bell Media) through Bell Canada.

4            BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business


3            Description of our business
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our network deployment and capital investment plans, our objectives
concerning carbon abatement enablement and GHG emissions reduction, our objective for carbon neutral operations starting in 2025 and to achieve
SBTs by 2026 or 2030, as applicable, and our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to section 1, Caution regarding forward-
looking statements in this Annual Information Form.

General economic conditions, COVID-19 pandemic                                                                     the unfavourable effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial and
                                                                                                                   operating performance continued to moderate due to our operational execution
and geopolitical events                                                                                            and the lifting of most public health restrictions during the year. While we expect
BCE’s purpose is to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the                                          the pandemic to continue to affect, although to a lesser extent, our operations,
world. Our strategy builds on our longstanding strengths in networks, service                                      we have adapted many aspects of our business, including scaling our digital
innovation and content creation, and positions the company for continued                                           sales capabilities and evolving our self-serve tools, and continue to adapt to
growth and innovation leadership. Through Bell for Better, we are investing to                                     future modes of operating.
create a better today and a better tomorrow by supporting the social and
                                                                                                                   Macroeconomic uncertainty has also caused pressure in certain areas of our
economic prosperity of our communities. With our network deployments in
                                                                                                                   business. Global supply chain disruptions, which began to intensify during the
remote communities and the largest cities, as well as investments in mental
                                                                                                                   second half of 2021 and were exacerbated by geopolitical events in 2022, have
health initiatives, environmental sustainability and an engaged workplace, we
                                                                                                                   affected the availability of business data equipment and related spending on
look to create a thriving, prosperous and more connected world.
                                                                                                                   new services by our large enterprise customers. We expect an improvement in
The COVID-19 pandemic has had significant impacts on our business. The                                             the situation during the second half of 2023. In addition, advertising demand
emergency measures put in place in Canada starting in March 2020 to                                                and spending across the North American media industry in 2022 was impacted
combat the COVID-19 pandemic significantly disrupted retail and commercial                                         by unfavourable economic conditions and disruptions to supply chains. In
activities across most sectors of the economy and had an adverse and                                               particular, TV and radio advertising demand softened as a result of persistently
pervasive impact on our financial and operating performance throughout most                                        high inflation, fears of a potential recession and supply chain issues in certain
of 2020. In 2021, our financial and operating performance saw a steady                                             key consumer verticals, such as the automotive industry. We expect a gradual
improvement despite the continued adverse impacts of the COVID-19                                                  recovery in the advertising market to begin in the second half of 2023.
pandemic experienced throughout the year, due to our strong operational
execution and the easing of government restrictions in the second half of the
year. In 2022,



3.1 General summary
BCE is Canada’s largest communications company, providing residential,                                             Bell Media provides conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV, streaming services,
business and wholesale customers with a wide range of solutions for all their                                      digital media services, radio broadcasting services and out-of-home (OOH)
communications needs. Our results are reported in three segments: Bell                                             advertising services to customers nationally across Canada. Revenues are
Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media. Effective with our Q1 2023 results, our                                    derived primarily from advertising and subscriber fees.
previous Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline operating segments are being
combined to form a single reporting segment called Bell Communication and                                          Additional information regarding our business operations and the products and
Technology Services (Bell CTS). Bell Media remains a distinct operating                                            services we provide can be found in section 1.2, About BCE of the BCE 2022
segment and is unaffected. Refer to Segmented reporting changes in 2023                                            MD&A, on pages 14 to 18 of the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report.
below for further details.                                                                                         In addition to our operating segments, we also hold investments in a number of
Bell Wireless includes wireless service revenues and product sales as well as                                      other assets, including:
the results of operations of our national consumer electronics retailer, The                                       • a 37.5% indirect equity interest in Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd.
Source (Bell) Electronics Inc. (The Source). Wireless services are provided to                                       (MLSE) (1), a sports and entertainment company that owns several sports
our residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise                                                teams, including the Toronto Maple Leafs, the Toronto Raptors, Toronto FC
customers across Canada.                                                                                             and the Toronto Argonauts, as well as real estate and entertainment assets in
                                                                                                                     Toronto
Bell Wireline includes data revenues (including Internet, Internet protocol
television (IPTV), cloud-based services and business solutions), voice and                                         • a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel Inc. (Glentel), a Canadian-based
other communication services revenues, and wireline product sales. These                                             connected services retailer
services are provided to our residential, small and medium-sized business                                          • an 18.4% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal
and large enterprise customers primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic                                            Canadiens Hockey Club, evenko (a promoter and producer of cultural and
provinces and Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to                                               sports events) and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec, as well as Place Bell
business customers are available nationally across Canada. In addition, this                                         in Laval, Québec
segment includes the results of our wholesale business, which buys and sells
local telephone, long distance, data and other services from or to resellers                                       A discussion of the key transactions completed by BCE in the last three
and other carriers.                                                                                                financial years can be found in section 4.1, Transactions of this Annual
                                                                                                                   Information Form.

(1) In January 2023, we repurchased the BCE Master Trust Fund’s interest in MLSE for a cash consideration of $149 million, thereby increasing our indirect equity interest in MLSE from 28% to 37.5%.

                                                                                                                                                              BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM     5
3 Description of our business

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated                       difficult to distinguish between our wireless and wireline operations and will
consolidated operating revenues of $24,174 million and $23,449 million,            result in changes in the first quarter of 2023 to the financial information that is
respectively, and consolidated net earnings of $2,926 million and                  regularly provided to our chief operating decision maker to measure
$2,892 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Bell           performance and allocate resources.
Wireless’ operating revenues totalled $9,588 million ($9,535 million external
revenues), Bell Wireline’s operating revenues totalled $12,148 million             Effective with our Q1 2023 results, our previous Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline
($11,735 million external revenues) and Bell Media’s operating revenues            operating segments are being combined to form a single reporting segment
totalled $3,254 million ($2,904 million external revenues). For the year ended     called Bell Communication and Technology Services (Bell CTS). Bell Media
December 31, 2021, Bell Wireless’ operating revenues totalled $8,999 million       remains a distinct operating segment and is unaffected. As a result of our
($8,948 million external revenues), Bell Wireline’s operating revenues totalled    reporting changes, prior periods are being restated in 2023 for comparative
$12,178 million ($11,820 million external revenues) and Bell Media’s               purposes.
operating revenues totalled $3,036 million ($2,681 million external revenues).     Our Bell CTS segment provides a wide range of communication products and
A table showing the operating revenues that each segment contributed to total      services to consumers, businesses and government customers across Canada.
operating revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 can be           Wireless products and services include mobile data and voice plans and
found in section 4.3, Operating revenues of the BCE 2022 MD&A, on page 46          devices and are available nationally. Wireline products and services comprise
of the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report. A table showing the operating             data (including Internet access, IPTV, cloud-based services and business
revenues of our Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline segments by category of            solutions), voice, and other communication services and products, which are
products and services can be found in section 5.1, Bell Wireless and section       available to our residential, small and medium-sized business and large
5.2, Bell Wireline of the BCE 2022 MD&A, on pages 54 and 58, respectively,         enterprise customers primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
of the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report.                                           Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to business customers are
Some of our segments’ revenues vary slightly by season. For more                   available nationally across Canada. In addition, this segment includes our
information, refer to section 7.2, Quarterly financial information – Seasonality   wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long distance, data
considerations of the BCE 2022 MD&A, on page 85 of the BCE 2022 Annual             and other services from or to resellers and other carriers, as well as the results
Financial Report.                                                                  of operations of our national consumer electronics retailer, The Source.
                                                                                   Our Bell Media segment provides conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV,
Segmented reporting changes in 2023                                                streaming services, digital media services, radio broadcasting services and
                                                                                   OOH and advanced advertising services to customers nationally across
In 2022, we began modifying our internal and external reporting processes to       Canada.
align with organizational changes that were made to reflect an increasing
strategic focus on multiproduct sales, the continually increasing technological    Additional information regarding the business outlook of our Bell CTS and Bell
convergence of our wireless and wireline telecommunications infrastructure         Media segments can be found in the sections entitled Business outlook and
and operations driven by the deployment of our Fifth Generation (5G) and           assumptions of the BCE 2022 MD&A, on pages 65, 66 and 68 of the BCE 2022
fibre networks, and our digital transformation. These factors have made it         Annual Financial Report.
increasingly



3.2 Strategic imperatives
BCE’s purpose is to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the
world. Our strategy builds on our longstanding strengths in networks, service
innovation and content creation, and positions the company for continued
growth and innovation leadership. Our primary business objectives are to
grow our subscriber base profitably and to maximize revenues, operating
profit, free cash flow and return on invested capital by further enhancing our
position as the foremost provider in Canada of comprehensive
communications services to residential, business and wholesale customers,
and as Canada’s leading content creation company. We seek to take
advantage of opportunities to leverage our networks, infrastructure, sales
channels, and brand and marketing resources across our various lines of
business to create value for our customers and other stakeholders.
Our strategy is centred on our disciplined focus and execution of six strategic
imperatives that position us to deliver continued success in a fast-changing
communications marketplace. The six strategic imperatives that underlie
BCE’s business plan are:

                                                                                   In 2022, we embedded our focus on creating a more sustainable future directly
                                                                                   into our six strategic imperatives, reflecting our longstanding commitment to the
                                                                                   highest ESG standards. As one of Canada’s largest companies, we are driven
                                                                                   to continually improve our impact and our contribution to society with our
                                                                                   network deployments, investments in mental health initiatives, environmental
                                                                                   sustainability and an engaged workplace.
                                                                                   Additional information regarding our strategic imperatives can be found in
                                                                                   section 2, Strategic imperatives of the BCE 2022 MD&A, on pages 33 to 36 of
                                                                                   the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report.

6        BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business


3.3 Competitive strengths
Canada’s largest communications company                                              Technologically advanced wireless networks
We are Canada’s largest communications company, providing residential,               and services
business and wholesale customers with a wide range of solutions for all their        Our Bell Wireless segment provides wireless services over technologically
communications needs, as described below:                                            advanced wireless networks that are available to virtually all Canadians. We
• We are the largest local exchange carrier in Canada. BCE operates an               offer a broad range of wireless voice and data communication products and
  extensive local access network in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces          services to residential and business customers through our Bell brand, as well
  and Manitoba, as well as in Canada’s Northern Territories. We provide a            as our Virgin Plus and Lucky Mobile brands, which enhance our competitive
  complete suite of wireless communications, wireline voice and data,                market position by allowing us to compete more effectively with the Canadian
  including Internet access and TV, product and service offerings to                 industry’s other discount brands as well as regional facilities-based wireless
  residential, business and wholesale customers. We also own Bell Media,             service providers.
  Canada’s leading content creation company with premier assets in TV,
  radio, and OOH advertising, monetized through traditional and digital              Wireless is a key growth segment for us, and we have established strategic
  platforms.                                                                         priorities seeking to further enhance our offerings. We are focused on growing
                                                                                     our market share of national operators’ postpaid mobile phone net customer
• We also offer competitive local exchange carrier (CLEC) services in Alberta        activations, growing our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base, improving sales
  and British Columbia.                                                              execution and customer retention, and introducing new devices and data
• At December 31, 2022, BCE was one of the largest wireless operators in             services. We also believe our priorities for improved customer experience at all
  Canada based on number of subscribers, providing more than 9.9 million             touch points, enhanced network quality and performance driven by effective
  mobile phone subscribers with nationwide mobile voice and data services.           spectrum deployment and carrier aggregation that support bandwidth and
  We also had approximately 2.5 million mobile connected device subscribers          speeds, as well as a broad device offering, should continue to improve our
  at December 31, 2022.                                                              ability to attract and retain wireless customers. With our national high-speed
                                                                                     packet access plus (HSPA+) network, our fourth-generation (4G) long-term
• BCE is the largest Internet service provider in Canada based on number of          evolution (LTE) wireless network, our Dual-band, Tri-band and Quad-band LTE
  subscribers, providing approximately 4.3 million retail customers at               Advanced (LTE-A) network, and our 5G wireless network, we are able to offer
  December 31, 2022 with high-speed Internet access through fibre-optic,             one of the broadest ranges of choice in wireless smartphones in Canada, along
  wireless-to-the-premise (WTTP) and digital subscriber line (DSL)                   with extensive North American and international coverage. In addition, Bell’s
  technology.                                                                        enhanced Gigabit LTE-A network, initially rolled out in 2018 to core locations in
• BCE is the largest TV provider in Canada based on number of subscribers,           Toronto and Kingston, has since expanded to more areas as smartphones that
  nationally broadcasting a wide range of domestic and international                 support these advanced speeds have come to market, and is available in select
  programming to approximately 2.8 million retail subscribers at                     cities across Canada. Bell also launched in 2018 a new LTE, Category M1
  December 31, 2022 through its IPTV services, namely Fibe TV, the Fibe TV           (LTE-M) network, which is a subset of our LTE network supporting low-power
  app and Virgin Plus TV, as well as its satellite TV service.                       Internet of Things (IoT) applications with enhanced coverage, longer device
                                                                                     battery life and enabling lower costs for IoT devices connecting to Bell’s
• BCE operated approximately 2.2 million retail residential network access
                                                                                     national network.
  service (NAS) voice lines at December 31, 2022.
                                                                                     In 2020, Bell launched 5G wireless service, offering enhanced mobile data
Our large customer base, our wireline and wireless network reach, and our
                                                                                     speeds and the latest 5G-capable smartphones. As with previous wireless and
ability to sell through a variety of distribution channels, as discussed in more
                                                                                     wireline network deployments, Bell is working with multiple equipment suppliers
detail in section 3.4, Marketing and distribution channels in this Annual
                                                                                     for its 5G rollout, including Nokia Corporation (Nokia) and Telefonaktiebolaget
Information Form, give us scale that supports the execution of our six
                                                                                     LM Ericsson (Ericsson). In 2021, Bell acquired significant additional mid-band,
strategic imperatives. With a wireless network service footprint that
                                                                                     flexible-use 3500 megahertz (MHz) wireless spectrum in the auction by
encompasses more than 99% of Canada’s population, a coast-to-coast
                                                                                     Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada (ISED). Essential to
national fibre transport network and a local exchange carrier footprint from
                                                                                     Canada’s ongoing transition to 5G communications, these high-capacity
Manitoba to the Atlantic provinces, BCE is well positioned to take advantage
                                                                                     airwaves extend Bell’s leadership in delivering enhanced 5G digital experiences
of integrated wireless and wireline solutions in the future.
                                                                                     to Canadian consumers and businesses in urban, rural and remote
On May 31, 2021, we announced that our capital expenditure acceleration              communities. Refer to section 4.1, Transactions in this Annual Information Form
program, initially announced on February 4, 2021, of $1 billion to $1.2 billion      for more details.
in additional network funding for 2021 and 2022, would increase to up to
$1.7 billion in response to the support for infrastructure investment reflected in
federal regulatory and policy decisions rendered earlier in the year. This
$1.7 billion in accelerated capital expenditures advanced the rollout of our
broadband fibre, 5G wireless and rural networks and helped drive Canada’s
recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, and was in addition to the
approximately $4 billion in capital expenditures that Bell has typically spent
each year on network expansion and enhancement prior to 2020.

                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM           7
3 Description of our business

Bell’s 5G network covered 82% of Canada’s population at December 31,               thousands can participate by teaming up and competing against each other,
2022, a significant increase from the 26% of Canada’s population covered at        leveraging Snapchat’s AR technology and the unprecedented speed, latency
the end of 2020, attributable in part to our capital expenditure acceleration      and bandwidth capabilities of 5G.
program described above. In 2022, Bell launched its 5G+ service, a faster and
more responsive service allowing for a superior mobile experience, and which       Bell also provides a number of solutions in the fast-growing IoT sector, which
covered 38% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2022. Refer to section          enables the interconnection of a range of devices and applications that send
3.6, Networks – Wireless in this Annual Information Form for more details          and receive data. Bell further offers global connectivity solutions for our IoT
concerning our wireless networks.                                                  platforms and applications, which offer customers worldwide network access
                                                                                   and the ability to manage all of their international devices remotely from a
Bell’s wireless networks received several awards in 2022. In February 2022,        single web platform. Bell’s lineup of innovative IoT applications includes
Bell’s 5G mobile network ranked as Canada’s fastest 5G network for the             connected telematics services, including security, safety, diagnostics and
second time in a row in Ookla’s 2021 Speedtest Awards based on Speedtest           infotainment, for vehicles; fuel tank monitoring and water management
results independently collected and analyzed by Ookla, a web service               solutions; fleet management solutions connecting commercial vehicles to the
specializing in analysis of Internet access performance metrics, for Q3-Q4         Internet to provide web-based analytics to manage the fleet; connected laptop
2021 and calculated using median 5G download and upload speeds. In                 solutions, enabling LTE connectivity directly from select LTE-enabled laptops;
September 2022, Bell’s wireless network was further ranked Canada’s fastest        managed IoT security services that offer businesses, smart cities and other
in PCMag’s Fastest Mobile Networks Canada 2022, its annual study of mobile         organizations employing IoT solutions a fully managed solution to detect and
network performance across the country. PCMag delivers labs-based,                 protect organizations from evolving cyber threats; and new solutions made
independent reviews of the latest technology products and services. Its            available in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, such as real-time
researchers tested service speeds in more than 30 cities and rural areas           occupancy monitoring, digital signage and sanitizer kiosks.
across Canada. PCMag’s analysis took place in August 2022 and ranked
providers based on a weighted average of download speeds, upload speeds            In Q2 2022, Bell launched a private mobile network (PMN) at the Centre for
and average latency.                                                               Port Innovation, Engagement and Research (The PIER), an innovation hub in
                                                                                   Halifax focused on developing innovative solutions for supply chain and
                                                                                   logistics in the transportation industry. The PMN enables The PIER members
Advancing 5G and IoT solutions                                                     and start-ups to trial innovative new solutions to help improve worker safety,
Bell is working with a range of global and domestic 5G partners, including         increase port operations efficiency and further enhance the reputation of the
Ericsson and Nokia, to accelerate Canada’s 5G innovation ecosystem. This           Port of Halifax. Bell is a Founding Partner and the exclusive
includes continued investment in research and development at Canadian              telecommunications provider of The PIER. Our PMN enables IoT solutions that
institutions, such as a partnership between Western University and Bell            help support business-critical functions with real-time data monitoring and
creating an advanced centre for research into 5G applications across health        reporting, as well as support all partners as they work to develop commercial
(including mental health), transportation, education and other sectors, and a      opportunities seeking to benefit Canadian and global companies and their
partnership with Université de Sherbrooke through the Interdisciplinary            customers.
Institute for Technological Innovation (3IT) to drive broadband technology
research in a broad range of sectors, including IoT, Smart Campus/Smart City,      Next-generation high-speed internet
innovative manufacturing and smart energy management. On the                       and TV services
international stage, Bell is involved in the setting of global 5G standards with
our participation in the Next Generation Mobile Networks (NGMN) consortium         Our strategic imperative to build the best networks is focused on the expansion
and Third Generation Partnership Program (3GPP).                                   of our all-fibre network to more homes and business locations. At December 31,
                                                                                   2022, our broadband fibre network, consisting of fibre-to-the-premise (FTTP)
The high capacity and near instant connections offered by 5G will support a        and fibre-to-the-node (FTTN) locations, covered approximately 10 million
virtually unlimited range of new consumer and business applications in the         homes and businesses in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
coming years, including augmented and virtual reality (AR/VR), artificial          Manitoba. Our all-fibre network enables the delivery of Bell’s next-generation
intelligence (AI) and machine learning, immersive entertainment services,          fibre-optic high-speed Internet service marketed as Fibe Internet, offering
connected vehicles, smart cities and enhanced rural access, and IoT                symmetrical download and upload speeds of up to 3 gigabits per second
opportunities for business and government enterprises. In 2021, our 5G             (Gbps) with FTTP through our Gigabit Fibe 3.0 service, and symmetrical
network enabled the launch of TSN 5G View/Vision 5G RDS, an exclusive              download and upload speeds of up to 8 Gbps with FTTP through our Gigabit
in-app feature that leverages Bell’s 5G network to offer fans interactive new      Fibe 8.0 service available in eligible areas of Toronto. Fibe Internet further
ways to watch sports. It was initially introduced with Montréal Canadiens and      offers download speeds of up to 100 megabits per second (Mbps) with FTTN.
Toronto Maple Leafs regional home game broadcasts, enabling fans to control        Our network also enables the delivery of our Internet service marketed as Virgin
the viewing angle of the game on their smartphones, getting up close to every      Plus Internet, offering download speeds of up to 300 Mbps. Refer to section
goal, pass, hit and penalty with zoom, pause, rewind and slow motion               3.6, Networks – Wireline – High-speed fibre deployment in this Annual
capabilities. The feature was later expanded to Toronto Raptors home games         Information Form for more details concerning the deployment of our fibre-optic
and was expanded again in 2022 to Winnipeg Jets home games. In January             high-speed Internet services.
2023, we announced a partnership with Snap Inc. which introduced the first
ever 5G multi-user AR basketball experience on Snapchat. Fans with a 5G
device in attendance at four Toronto Raptors Welcome Toronto home games
in early 2023 can join a shared AR experience where

8        BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

As Bell extends its direct fibre links in urban and suburban centres, we are     TV app offers access to two TV streams at a time and customers can add
also delivering broadband speeds to smaller towns and rural locations with       individual channels to build their own packages. Like Bell’s Fibe TV service, the
our innovative Wireless Home Internet fixed wireless service, which is based     standalone Fibe TV app operates as a licensed broadcast service on the
on 5G-capable WTTP technology. With the expansion of wireless cell site          privately managed Bell Fibe broadband network for in-home viewing, and on
coverage, deep fibre backhaul and advancements in technology, the cost to        mobile or Wi-Fi networks outside the home.
provide a fixed wireless solution has become viable in rural areas where it is
uneconomical to deploy FTTP. In 2021, we completed the buildout of our           In 2020, we launched Virgin TV (now Virgin Plus TV), a completely new way for
Wireless Home Internet service in smaller towns and rural communities            Virgin Plus Internet members in Ontario and Québec to watch live and
across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, reaching our        on-demand TV shows and live sports on any screen they want. Virgin Plus TV
target of 1 million locations one year ahead of schedule. Already delivering     is an app-based service that does not require a traditional TV set-top box or
download speeds of up to 25 Mbps, Bell increased its Wireless Home Internet      installation, and it works on virtually all devices – iOS and Android smartphones
service’s download speeds to up to 50 Mbps and upload speeds to 10 Mbps          and tablets, laptops, Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV and Google
(50/10) in the fall of 2020, which enhanced speeds are now available to a        Chromecast. The Virgin Plus TV app lets members watch two streams at once,
majority of customers. In August 2021, an agreement with Casa Systems, Inc.      pause and rewind live TV, resume on-demand programs where they left off, and
was announced for the upgrade of Bell’s WTTP network to 5G to further boost      track all the top trending shows.
speed and capacity for Wireless Home Internet customers.                         In 2020, Bell launched the Bell Streamer, an all-in-one 4K High Dynamic Range
Our FTTP and FTTN broadband fibre network also enables the delivery of           (HDR) streaming device powered by Android TV that offers customers in
Bell’s IPTV services, namely Fibe TV, the Fibe TV app and Virgin Plus TV.        Ontario and Québec all-in-one access to the Fibe TV app, support for all major
                                                                                 streaming services and access to thousands of apps on Google Play.
Bell’s Fibe TV service, built on an IPTV platform, offers a wide range of
flexible programming options and innovative features to customers in Ontario,    National wireline service provider with market
Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, such as: the Fibe TV wireless
receiver, which enables customers to enjoy the Fibe experience on up to five     leadership position
additional TVs anywhere in the home without the hassle of running cable          Our leadership position in broadband Internet and TV and our broad suite of
through the house; the Restart and Look Back features, enabling customers        product offerings serve as a foundation for the other products and services we
to rewind and watch TV shows already in progress from the beginning and up       offer. This provides us with a significant number of established customer
to 30 hours after they started; and the Trending feature, which lists the five   connections to drive uptake of new products and services, either through
most-watched shows in both English and French among Fibe TV customers            bundled offerings or on a standalone basis, and allows us to improve customer
at any given time and allows customers to switch to watch live or Restart from   retention.
the beginning. Fibe TV further allows access to Crave, Prime Video and
YouTube directly from customer TV receivers, providing a seamless                Our business markets team maintains a leadership position, having established
experience. The Fibe TV app brings the rich Fibe TV viewing experience to        relationships with a majority of Canada’s largest 100 corporations. Our team
laptops, smartphones, tablets, Bell Streamer, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV,          continues to deliver network-centric business service solutions to large
Google Chromecast and a variety of Android TV devices, with access to more       business and public sector clients, including data hosting and cloud computing
than 500 live and on-demand channels at home or on the go, which allows          services, which are key to business communications today and increase the
customers to seamlessly transfer a channel being viewed from a mobile            value of connectivity services.
device to a TV, or resume what is being watched on TV on a mobile device,
and allows customers to control their TVs with their mobile devices. In          Innovation in communications technology
addition, Fibe customers can download their personal video recordings with
the Fibe TV app to watch on iOS and Android mobile devices without Wi-Fi         Technological advancement plays a significant role in the success of our
network access, and customers can pause and rewind live TV on any device         business. We invest in Canadian innovation and have spent approximately
with the Fibe TV app. In 2021, the availability of the Fibe TV app was           $600 million in research and development (R&D) capital expenditures in 2022.
extended to customers in Manitoba. In 2022, Bell introduced the new              Our investments in R&D enable us to continue providing our customers with
evolution of Fibe TV with thousands of apps and powerful search options to       innovative products and services and to adopt new technologies that better
make our customers’ experience even better. With the latest Google Android       support our own operations, champion the customer experience, and drive
TV technology, Fibe TV now provides access to over 10,000 apps from              growth with innovative services. Our deployment of new and innovative
Google Play. Viewers can easily find the content they want to watch, and         networks and services is a direct result of our investment in R&D.
explore new and exciting entertainment with a voice remote powered by            Over the past decades, Bell has invested in developing data analytics
Google Assistant and intuitive universal search capabilities that will find      capabilities and AI applications in multiple areas of its operations. Providing
content across Fibe TV and supported subscribed streaming services. With         advanced technological solutions allows us to differentiate our product and
added Cloud PVR capabilities, viewers can store content for up to a year to      service offerings and to seek to provide greater value to our customers. As part
watch at their convenience.                                                      of Bell’s objective to remain at the forefront of technology and innovation in
In addition, we offer the Fibe TV app service in Ontario and Québec as a         telecommunications services, and encourage the development of, and
standalone app-based live TV streaming service that offers live and              expertise in, new emerging technologies in Canada, we partner with a range of
on-demand programming. With no traditional TV set-top box required, the          global and domestic organizations like Google, Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Fibe TV app offers up to 500 live and on-demand channels on laptops,             (AWS), Centech and the Vector Institute.
smartphones, tablets, Bell Streamer, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Google            On March 3, 2022, we announced a five-year strategic engagement with the
Chromecast and a variety of Android TV devices. The standalone Fibe              Vector Institute, an independent, not-for-profit corporation dedicated to research
                                                                                 in the field of AI. The collaboration is expected to help to accelerate the
                                                                                 development and adoption of AI applications

                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM           9
3 Description of our business

across Bell. In November 2022, we further announced a three-year strategic                                       Bell Media’s assets in TV, radio, OOH and digital platforms are a key
partnership with Montréal innovation centre Centech. As Centech’s exclusive                                      competitive advantage, as described below:
telecommunications provider, Bell will leverage its advanced network                                             • We own and operate 35 conventional TV stations, including CTV, Canada’s
capabilities, 5G and AI management expertise to help emerging Canadian                                             #1 network for 21 consecutive years (1), #1 Canadian advertising-based
businesses drive innovation, growth and adoption of advanced technological                                         video-on-demand (AVOD) platform CTV.ca (2) and leading digital news
solutions.                                                                                                         destination CTVNews.ca, and the French-language Noovo network in
In addition, on October 25, 2022, Bell introduced Bell Ventures, its corporate                                     Québec, including its popular AVOD platform and digital news destination
venture capital initiative to encourage development of early-stage and growth                                      Noovo.info.
companies that harness the power of Bell’s networks to drive growth and                                          • We own and operate 27 specialty channels, including TSN, Canada’s sports
adoption of advanced technological solutions. Building on Bell’s history of                                        leader (3), and RDS, the top French-language sports network (1).
innovation and investments, Bell Ventures is a natural extension of Bell’s
purpose to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world.                                          • We own and operate four pay TV services, as well as four direct-to-consumer
Bell Ventures invests in early-stage and growth companies that provide                                             streaming services, including Crave, the exclusive home of HBO in Canada,
advanced technology solutions seeking to further differentiate Bell’s 5G and                                       TSN and RDS.
fibre networks and deliver solutions for its customers, including in the areas of                                • We own 109 licensed radio stations in 58 markets across Canada, all
network security, IoT, robotics, telematics, clean technology (cleantech),                                         available through the iHeartRadio Canada app alongside an extensive
AR/VR, and the metaverse. Recent investments by Bell Ventures include                                              catalogue of podcasts.
Cohere Technologies, the creator of spectrum multiplier software for 4G and                                      • We lead Canadian TV media competitors in the digital landscape in the
5G networks, and Boreal Ventures, a venture capital fund supporting                                                number of unique visitors, page views and total page minutes.
promising Québec deep tech start-ups, created in partnership with Centech.
                                                                                                                 • We own Astral, a leader among Canada’s OOH advertising companies with
We also announced in 2022 a number of significant milestones in our                                                more than 45,000 advertising faces strategically located across the country.
strategic cloud and technology partnerships. In February 2022, Bell                                                Astral offers six product lines: outdoor advertising, lifestyle networks, street
announced its deployment of Google Distributed Cloud Edge in its network,                                          furniture, airport, large digital format and transit.
enabling more efficiency, reliability and scale while also driving new business
opportunities. This is the world’s first implementation of core network functions                                • We own Crave, a subscription-based video-on-demand streaming service
on Google Distributed Cloud Edge, a fully managed product that brings                                              providing premium content and a robust lineup of video programming. Crave
Google Cloud’s infrastructure and services closer to where data is being                                           features a broad catalogue of sought-after content and Emmy Award-winning
generated and consumed. This advancement builds on Bell and Google                                                 programming. With Crave, HBO and HBO Max original programming,
Cloud’s strategic partnership, announced in 2021, to combine Bell’s 5G                                             box-office hits and original Canadian content are available directly to all
network leadership with Google Cloud’s expertise in multi-cloud, data                                              Canadians with access to the Internet. As a bilingual service, Crave offers
analytics and AI, and to enable Bell to drive operational efficiencies and                                         English and French-language content through participating TV providers and
deliver richer customer experiences. In addition, Bell announced the launch of                                     streaming platforms. STARZ remains available through participating service
the first public multi-access edge computing (MEC) with AWS Wavelength in                                          providers and directly to consumers as a separate add-on.
Canada. Building on Bell’s agreement with AWS, announced last year,                                              • Our noovo.info website offers exclusive original features dedicated entirely to
together the two companies are deploying AWS Wavelength Zones                                                      news, which represents the final piece to Noovo’s multi-platform news
throughout the country at the edge of Bell’s 5G network, starting in Toronto.                                      division.
Bell Public MEC with AWS Wavelength embeds AWS compute and storage                                               • Through CTV’s all-in-one digital video platform and streaming from CTV.ca
services at the edge of the Bell 5G network, closer to mobile and connected                                        and the CTV app on smartphones, Smart TVs and other connected devices,
devices where data is generated and consumed. This enables software                                                audiences can get even more value from their TV subscriptions all in one
developers and businesses to take full advantage of the high speed and low                                         place, with livestreams and on-demand viewing of programming from CTV
latency of Bell’s 5G network and the cloud with AWS to build innovative,                                           Comedy Channel, CTV Drama Channel, CTV Sci-Fi Channel, CTV Life
low-latency solutions that leverage real-time visual data processing, AR/VR,                                       Channel, CTV2, Discovery, E! and MTV, as well as Canada’s #1 lineup from
AI and machine learning, advanced robotics and much more.                                                          CTV (1). The platform provides access for subscribers of CTV-branded
                                                                                                                   entertainment channels to stream premium content from those channels, as
Our significant media assets                                                                                       well as CTV Throwback and CTV Movies, all at no additional cost and with
                                                                                                                   one simple login.
Bell Media’s range of video and radio content enhances the execution of our
strategic imperatives by leveraging our significant network investments,                                         • We continue to provide live and on-demand access to content from our
delivering compelling content across all screens and platforms, and enabling                                       specialty networks, BNN Bloomberg, TSN, RDS and other brands in news,
us to maximize strategic and operating synergies, including the efficiency of                                      sports and entertainment. As discussed under Advancing 5G and IoT
our content and advertising spend.                                                                                 Solutions above, TSN and RDS operate TSN 5G View/Vision 5G RDS, an
                                                                                                                   exclusive in-app feature that leverages Bell’s 5G network to offer fans
                                                                                                                   interactive new ways to watch sports, and which was expanded in 2022 for
                                                                                                                   TSN’s regional coverage of Winnipeg Jets home games.




(1) Based on data provided by Numeris, a data company providing audience data and insights capturing media behaviours for the Canadian media industry.
(2) Based on data provided by Comscore, Inc., an American media measurement and analytics company.
(3) Based on the depth and breadth of broadcasted sporting events, and TSN’s reach, according to data provided by Numeris, and TSN being the consumer preferred brand for live sports and sports news.

10         BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

Our competitive strengths also include our broad reach across Canada, our          Refer to section 2.3, Deliver the most compelling content of the BCE 2022
ability to deliver top programming for conventional, specialty and pay TV and      MD&A, on page 34 of the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report, for a description
streaming services, our constant drive to provide the most engaging and            of certain agreements entered into and initiatives launched in 2022 by Bell
interactive experience for viewers, and our ability to serve the needs of          Media.
advertisers across multiple platforms.



3.4 Marketing and distribution channels
Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline                                                    intensifies, customer retention is increasingly important. Accordingly, we employ
                                                                                   customer retention initiatives aimed at increasing our customers’ level of
The guiding principle driving our marketing strategy is to offer our clients the   satisfaction and loyalty.
ultimate in reliable, simple and accessible telecommunications services. In
doing so, our objective is to increase customer acquisition, retention and         We deliver our products and services to residential wireless and wireline
loyalty through multiple service offerings.                                        customers through:
Through the bundling of services, which combines wireline local voice and          • more than 1,000 Bell, Virgin Plus, Lucky Mobile and The Source retail
long distance, high-speed Internet, TV and smart home, as well as wireless           locations
services, our goal is to use a multi-product offering to achieve competitive       • national retailers such as Best Buy, Walmart, Loblaws and Glentel’s
differentiation by offering a premium, integrated set of services that provides      WIRELESSWAVE, Tbooth wireless and WIRELESS etc., as well as a
customers with more freedom, flexibility and choice. We also make use of             network of regional and independent retailers in all regions
limited-time promotional offers featuring discounted rate plans, special rates     • call centre representatives
on wireless handsets and TV receivers, as well as other incentives, to
stimulate new customer acquisition and retain existing customers or to             • our websites, including bell.ca,         virginplus.ca,   luckymobile.ca    and
respond to competitive actions in our markets.                                       thesource.ca
We focus our marketing efforts on a coordinated program of TV, print, radio,       • door-to-door sales representatives.
Internet, outdoor signage, direct mail and point-of-sale media promotions. We      On January 31, 2023, Bell and Staples Canada ULC (Staples) announced a
engage in mass market advertising in order to maintain our brand and support       multi-year exclusive agreement to sell Bell, Virgin Plus and Lucky Mobile
direct and indirect distribution channels. Coordinated marketing efforts           wireless and wireline services through Staples stores across Canada for
throughout our service area ensure that our marketing message is presented         consumers and small businesses, starting in the first half of 2023. In addition,
consistently across all our markets. Promoting the Bell brand is                   Bell and Staples will partner to sell Bell wireless and wireline services direct to
complemented by our other brand marketing efforts, reinforcing awareness of        medium-sized businesses through the Staples Professional sales team, backed
all our services and capitalizing on the size and breadth of our customer base     by Bell’s advanced communications expertise.
across all product lines.
                                                                                   We also offer eligible customers the convenience of One Bill for Internet, TV,
The Bell brands play a key role in product positioning. Our branding is            home phone, wireless and smart home services.
straightforward and directly supports our strategy of delivering a better
customer experience at every level. In July 2021, Virgin Mobile Canada             For small and medium-sized business customers, our small and medium
officially rebranded to Virgin Plus, a new name and a new identity that reflect    business (SMB) team offers a wide range of wireline and wireless services,
the company’s evolving service offerings beyond mobility.                          including Business Fibe Internet, Bell Total Connect, Business Phone and TV,
                                                                                   and IoT solutions, along with many other communications solutions, all
Specifically for Bell Wireless, acquiring and retaining subscribers is a key       designed for companies. All solutions are sold through dedicated call centre
marketing objective that we seek to achieve through our networks and suite of      representatives and our bell.ca website, as well as our retail network and
leading-edge devices and services to drive higher usage and increased              door-to-door sales representatives.
adoption of data services. We offer unlimited plans featuring unlimited data
access with no overage charges. We also offer SmartPay device financing            Communications solutions for large enterprise customers, including since 2021
plans that let Bell Mobility customers buy their new smartphones with 24           our wireless services, are delivered by our business markets team, and our
interest-free instalments separate from their service plan, and we similarly       products and services are sold through dedicated sales representatives,
offer Sweet Pay device financing plans for Virgin Plus customers. In addition,     certified resellers and competitive bids. Prior to 2021, our wireless products and
we offer Connect Everything plans that provide a way to link all of a              services were delivered to these business customers through the same
customer’s Bell devices with a pool of data to share across smartphones,           channels as those previously described for services to residential customers
tablets, smartwatches and other devices, such as wireless trackers, security       and were also served by our nationwide sales team responsible for the sale of
cameras and vehicles with Bell Connected Car. In January 2022, we                  wireless products and services to business customers, as well as the execution
introduced new mobile unlimited Ultimate plans to make the most of 5G with         of sales contracts. By combining products and services, including professional
more data at maximum speeds, international messaging, high-definition video        services, into fully managed, end-to-end information and technology solutions,
quality and hotspot capability. We also continue to offer discounts on the price   we have been successful in providing large enterprise customers with complex
of wireless handsets in exchange for a contractual commitment from a               communications products and services. We continue to differentiate ourselves
subscriber, a practice also used by other Canadian wireless operators. As the      in the marketplace by enhancing our customer service levels and offering
Canadian wireless market further matures and competition                           solutions designed to provide superior service, performance, availability and
                                                                                   security. We deliver expertise in key solution areas, including Internet, private
                                                                                   networks and broadcasts, voice and unified communications, customer contact
                                                                                   centre, security solutions, cloud solutions, IoT and MEC.

                                                                                                                   BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM           11
3 Description of our business

Our wholesale business communications products and services are delivered         which monthly subscription fees for specialty TV and pay TV are earned. Bell
by our wholesale team. They are sold through our dedicated sales                  Media’s radio broadcast customer base is comprised of both advertising
representatives, web portals and call centres.                                    agencies and businesses in local markets.
Restrictive measures taken by Canadian governments to combat the                  Bell Media’s conventional TV networks are delivered to Canadians through
COVID-19 pandemic included the temporary closure of non-essential                 over-the-air broadcast transmission and through distribution by BDUs. Bell
businesses, including most locations in our retail distribution channels. While   Media’s specialty TV, pay TV channels and streaming services are delivered
the subsequent lifting of these measures allowed the reopening of our retail      through distribution arrangements with BDUs, and its radio programming is
distribution channels and the elimination of in-store COVID-19 restrictions by    distributed through over-the-air transmission. In addition to these primary
the second half of 2022, traffic to our retail locations did not return to        distribution channels, Bell Media also distributes its video and radio
pre-pandemic levels. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we enhanced            programming through a variety of non-traditional means, such as mobile and
online and phone sales and support, equipped team members to work from            Internet streaming (iHeartRadio). Crave is available through participating TV
home, retrained thousands of team members as service agents and                   providers across Canada, which provide the added opportunity to access the
introduced innovative remote installation practices. We also encouraged           Crave linear channels on traditional set-top boxes, as well as via on-demand
customers to take advantage of MyBell online and mobile self-serve options        channels, through the Crave app and online at Crave.ca. Crave, TSN and RDS
and launched enhanced online and appointment-based sales options.                 are also available directly via the Internet through each brand’s official website
                                                                                  and app. Crave, TSN and RDS can be streamed on the web and through
Bell Media                                                                        partner platforms such as iOS and Android mobile devices, Apple TV, Android
                                                                                  TV, Amazon Fire TV, Bell Streamer, Chromecast, Roku, Smart TVs, Sony
Bell Media’s TV and OOH advertising customer base is comprised primarily of       PlayStation and Xbox One. Finally, Bell Media’s OOH business delivers its
large advertising agencies, which place advertisements with Bell Media on         services through an inventory of OOH faces and street furniture equipment in
behalf of their customers. Bell Media also has contracts with a variety of        key urban cities across the country.
broadcasting distribution undertakings (BDUs), under



3.5 Transformation of our networks, systems and processes
We are transforming our networks, systems and processes with three main           elastic capacity, enabling 5G, IoT, enhanced Internet, communication and video
objectives: (a) to become more agile in our service delivery and operations,      services, as well as the next generation of enterprise cloud applications, which
including self-serve and instant-on capabilities for our customers; (b) to        all depend heavily on these capabilities. In 2022, we announced significant
ensure best quality and best customer experience; and (c) to develop a new        milestones in our partnerships with AWS and Google Cloud, building towards
network infrastructure that enables a competitive cost structure with rapidly     the objective of accelerating our transformation to a hybrid cloud environment.
growing capacity needs, and enabling new revenue opportunities. We are            These various transformation initiatives have produced tangible business
leveraging new technologies, such as software-defined networks, big data          benefits in multiple technology domains, resulting in increased agility in
and AI/machine learning, and cloud technologies, focusing primarily on            development and operations while reducing costs.
automating our processes. These technologies offer unprecedented levels of
flexibility, automation and



3.6 Networks
The telecommunications industry is evolving rapidly as it continues to move       devices designed for data services such as video and audio streaming, IoT
from multiple service-specific networks to Internet protocol (IP)-based           communications, e-mail, messaging, Internet access and social networking. We
integrated communications networks that can carry voice, data and video           also support international roaming to over 230 outbound destinations, with 209
traffic. We continue to work with key vendor partners to expand our national      of them supporting 4G LTE and 63 supporting 5G.
multi-service IP-enabled networks.
                                                                                  HSPA+ network
Our communications networks provide wireless and wireline voice, data and
video services to customers across Canada. Our infrastructure includes:           Our wireless HSPA+ network offered high-speed mobile access to 99% of
                                                                                  Canada’s population at December 31, 2022, covering thousands of cities and
• national transport networks for voice, data and video traffic, including
                                                                                  towns in both urban and rural locations. The HSPA+ network supports global
  Internet traffic
                                                                                  roaming, as well as a wide range of smartphones, data cards, universal serial
• urban and rural access networks and infrastructure for delivering services      bus (USB) sticks, tablets and other leading-edge mobile devices. The vast
  to customers                                                                    majority of the site connectivity for the HSPA+ network was built with high-
• national wireless networks that provide voice, data and video services          speed fibre and an all-IP architecture for enhanced reliability.
                                                                                  4G LTE network
Wireless
                                                                                  With Bell’s 4G LTE wireless network coverage, customers have data access
To provide wireless connectivity, we have deployed and operate a number of        speeds similar to those of broadband connections and significantly faster than
nationwide wireless broadband networks compatible with global standards           our HSPA+ network, making it easier for users to download applications,
that deliver high-quality and reliable voice and high-speed data services. With   stream high-definition videos and music, play online games, or videoconference
our high-speed data network, we are able to offer Canadian consumers a            and chat with virtually no delays or buffering. The HSPA+ and LTE networks
broad range of choice in wireless smartphones, as well as touch screen            work together such that most Bell LTE devices support both networks.
tablets, IoT devices and other

12       BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

Our LTE wireless network reached more than 99% of Canada’s population           In July 2022, Bell began deploying 3500 MHz wireless spectrum, unleashing
coast-to-coast at December 31, 2022 with theoretical peak download speeds       the next phase of 5G advancement and allowing Bell to launch its 5G+ service.
of up to 150 Mbps, with expected average download speeds of 18 to 40            Bell 5G+ is expected to be faster and more responsive, allowing for a superior
Mbps. LTE currently accounts for 81% of our total wireless data traffic.        mobile experience. In Toronto, speeds with 5G+ are over 50% faster than 5G.
                                                                                Initially launched in southern Ontario, the service was expanded to other
LTE-A network                                                                   communities in the remainder of 2022 and reached 38% of Canada’s
                                                                                population at December 31, 2022, with the availability of peak theoretical
With Dual-band LTE-A technology, Bell generally delivers theoretical peak       download speeds of 1.7 Gbps in select markets.
download speeds of up to 260 Mbps (expected average download speeds of
18 to 74 Mbps). By assigning three radio channels or carriers to one user, we   Also in 2022, Bell announced plans to roll out a 5G standalone (SA) core
generally deliver, with Tri-band LTE-A technology, theoretical mobile data      network, starting in Toronto. The addition of 3500 MHz wireless spectrum
peak download speeds of up to 335 Mbps (expected average download               allows Bell to deliver a new 5G core network to Canadian businesses,
speeds of 25 to 100 Mbps). With the addition of multiple-input and multiple-    supported by world-class SA architecture, and which is expected, over time, to
output (MIMO) technologies and quadrature amplitude modulation (QAM), we        unlock even faster speeds and ultra-low latency. Over time, a 5G SA core
can deliver in certain areas theoretical peak download speeds of up to 800      network will provide additional benefits such as network slicing and is expected
Mbps with Dual-band LTE-A technology and 1.2 Gbps with Tri-band LTE-A           to enable a full range of 5G features and functionality for both enterprise and
technology.                                                                     consumer use cases, and support the massive growth of IoT.
Bell’s LTE network is also capable of delivering Quad-band LTE-A service.
Quad-band technology leverages four bands of wireless spectrum to boost         Wireline
LTE-A speeds to the gigabit level. In addition to employing a combination of
carrier aggregation, Bell also uses 256 QAM and 4X4 MIMO technologies to        Voice and data network
increase spectrum efficiency and multiply capacity. Bell’s enhanced Gigabit     Our national voice and data network consists of an optical fibre network with
LTE-A network is available in select cities across Canada. Quad-band LTE-A      the latest technologies to provide redundancy and fault protection. It reaches all
now offers theoretical mobile data peak download speeds of up to 1.5 Gbps in    major Canadian metropolitan centres, as well as New York, Chicago, Boston,
markets across Canada (expected average download speeds of 25 to 325            Buffalo, Detroit, Minneapolis, Ashburn (Virginia) and Seattle in the United
Mbps).                                                                          States.
At December 31, 2022, Bell’s LTE-A network provided service to                  Our network in major Canadian cities provides state-of-the-art high-speed
approximately 96% of the population in Canada. In addition, our Quad-band       access at gigabit speeds based on IP technology. We operate a national IP
LTE-A service had expanded to over 60% of Canadians at December 31,             multi-protocol label switching network with international gateways to the rest of
2022.                                                                           the world. This network delivers next-generation, business-grade IP virtual
LTE-M network                                                                   private network (IP VPN) services that connect our customers’ offices
                                                                                throughout Canada and around the world. The IP VPN service is the foundation
Our LTE-M network is a subset of our LTE network supporting low-power IoT       platform required for the delivery of business service solutions that add value
applications with enhanced coverage, longer device battery life and enabling    and efficiencies to customers’ businesses. These technology solutions include
lower costs for IoT devices connecting to Bell’s national network. An           voice over IP/IP telephony, IP videoconferencing, IP call centre applications and
expanded reciprocal roaming partnership with AT&T Inc. (AT&T) provides Bell     other future IP-based applications. In addition, we maintain extensive copper
Canadian business customers with access to AT&T’s LTE-M network across          and voice-switching networks that provide traditional local and interexchange
the United States and also enables AT&T’s customers to roam on Bell’s           voice and data services to all business and residential customers in Ontario,
national LTE-M network in Canada. Our LTE-M network is available in most        Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba.
Canadian provinces.
                                                                                To improve reliability and increase network capacity to support the rapidly
5G network                                                                      growing volumes of wireless and Internet usage carried on our networks, for
                                                                                several years we had been upgrading all of our fibre-based national backbone
In June 2020, Bell launched its 5G wireless network, offering enhanced          network with the deployment of 100 gigabit technologies. To satisfy continued
mobile data speeds and the latest 5G-capable smartphones. The high              traffic growth, in 2018 Bell started the next phase of the national backbone
capacity and near instant connections offered by mobile 5G will support a       network upgrade with the deployment of 200 gigabit dense wavelength division
virtually unlimited range of new consumer and business applications in          multiplexing (DWDM) technologies. In April 2021, Bell announced commercial
coming years, including AR/VR, AI and machine learning, immersive               400 gigabit wavelength service deployed across major spans of Bell’s fibre
entertainment services, connected vehicles, smart cities and enhanced rural     infrastructure to deliver significantly increased connectivity speed and capacity
access, and IoT opportunities for business and government enterprises. In       while optimizing network performance and energy efficiency. 400 gigabit
2021, Bell acquired significant additional mid-band, flexible-use 3500 MHz      technology increases fibre capacity using less network hardware and more
wireless spectrum in the auction conducted by ISED. Essential to Canada’s       automation to deliver four times the data speed and 50% more capacity per
ongoing transition to 5G communications, these high-capacity airwaves           wavelength.
extend Bell’s leadership in delivering enhanced 5G digital experiences to
Canadian consumers and businesses in urban, rural and remote                    Key traffic routes span more than 25,000 kilometres across Canada and into
communities. In 2022, Bell continued to expand its 5G network to new            the United States.
markets across Québec, Ontario, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba. Bell’s
5G network covered 82% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2022, a
significant increase from the 26% of Canada’s population covered at the end
of 2020, attributable to our capital expenditure acceleration program
announced on February 4, 2021 and further enhanced on May 31, 2021.

                                                                                                                BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM          13
3 Description of our business

On November 16, 2021, Bell and Nokia announced the first successful test of        broadband and brought full fibre service to residents and business in 17
25G PON fibre broadband technology in North America, which validates that          remote, primarily Indigenous communities in Northern Canada as part of its
current GPON and XGS-PON broadband technology and future 25G PON                   Every Community Project. As a result, over 80% of households in Yukon and
can work seamlessly together on the same fibre hardware, which is being            the Northwest Territories now have access to speeds that meet or exceed the
deployed throughout the network. 25G PON delivers significant symmetrical          national broadband objective of 50/10 Mbps with unlimited data.
bandwidth capacity that will support new use cases such as premium service
and 5G transport.                                                                  Bell further announced multiple projects in 2022 to bring pure fibre Internet
                                                                                   service to additional homes and businesses in urban and rural areas of Ontario,
High-speed fibre deployment                                                        Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba. These projects formed part of
                                                                                   Bell’s accelerated capital expenditures in national next-generation network
Our strategic imperative to build the best networks is focused on the              infrastructure announced on February 4, 2021 and further enhanced on
expansion of our all-fibre network to more homes and business locations.           May 31, 2021, and which continued in 2022, enabling the delivery of 854,000
Over the past few years, we have upgraded our access infrastructure by             new direct fibre connections in 2022.
deploying fibre closer to our customers using FTTN with pair bonding
technology, and overlaying legacy copper and FTTN with FTTP. In addition,          In April 2022, Bell introduced Bell Gigabit Fibe 3.0, a pure fibre Internet service
Bell continues to deploy FTTP to all new urban and suburban housing                offering symmetrical download and upload speeds of 3 Gbps. At the time it was
developments in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, in           introduced, Bell’s 3-gigabit Internet service offered the fastest Internet speeds
addition to Bell’s ongoing deployment of FTTP to multi-dwelling units and          of any major provider in Canada. The service, initially offered in eligible areas of
business locations. In our view, FTTP, in which optical fibre cables are used to   Toronto, has since been rolled out in several communities across Ontario,
connect each and every location, is the best available network architecture to     Québec and the Atlantic provinces.
support future bandwidth-demanding IP services and applications. Our               In September 2022, Bell introduced Bell Gigabit Fibe 8.0, with symmetrical
residential fibre-optic Internet service, marketed as Fibe Internet and Virgin     download and upload speeds of 8 Gbps, in eligible areas of Toronto. These
Plus Internet, is enabled by our FTTP and FTTN networks, offering                  gigabit speeds are the fastest available in the market today among major
symmetrical download and upload speeds of up to 3 Gbps with FTTP through           Internet service providers (ISPs) in North America. Bell continued to expand
our Gigabit Fibe 3.0 service, and symmetrical download and upload speeds of        availability of Bell Gigabit Fibe 8.0 across its footprint throughout the remainder
up to 8 Gbps with FTTP through our Gigabit Fibe 8.0 service available in           of 2022, in addition to continuing work on its fibre buildout.
eligible areas of Toronto, as well as download speeds of up to 100 Mbps with
FTTN.                                                                              Bell Gigabit Fibe 8.0 includes the new Giga Hub with Wi-Fi 6E, enabling gigabit
                                                                                   Wi-Fi speeds up to two times faster for connected devices shared in the home
In addition to the significant deployments of FTTP direct fibre connections        than Wi-Fi 6E solutions offered today by other major Canadian ISPs. Wi-Fi 6E
announced in prior years, which continued throughout the Greater Toronto           is the next evolution of Wi-Fi, enabling faster speeds and lower latency when
Area/905 region surrounding Toronto and on the island of Montréal, we have         used with a compatible device, and allows customers to work, learn, video chat,
announced a number of new direct fibre expansions in the past few years, in        stream and game online on any or all of their household devices
line with our strategic imperative to build the best networks. In January 2020,    simultaneously. Bell Giga Hub with Wi-Fi 6E is also now available to customers
we announced an investment of approximately $400 million to expand                 throughout Ontario and Québec.
broadband Internet access in urban and rural areas of Hamilton, including a
plan to bring direct fibre network connections to more than 200,000 homes          At December 31, 2022, our broadband fibre network, consisting of FTTP and
and business locations throughout the city. In March 2020, we announced an         FTTN locations, covered approximately 10 million homes and businesses in
investment of approximately $400 million to bring FTTP technology to               Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba.
Winnipeg, with direct fibre connections to approximately 275,000 homes and
businesses throughout the city. In August 2022, we announced an investment         In addition to our Fibe Internet service, we offer Internet under the Virgin Plus
of over $650 million in partnership with a Government of Ontario investment        brand for customers in Ontario and Québec. This high-speed Internet service
of $484 million to deploy Bell’s all-fibre network to over 80,000 homes and        offers existing Virgin Plus customers download speeds of up to 300 Mbps and
businesses in underserved regions across Ontario by 2025, as part of the           upload speeds of up to 100 Mbps.
Ontario Accelerated High Speed Internet Program (AHSIP). Bell also expects         Additionally, we continue to deploy our IPTV services in areas in Ontario,
to deploy its all-fibre network to an additional 37,000 homes and businesses       Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba where cable providers had long
in the vicinity of the AHSIP build.                                                been dominant. As of December 31, 2022, our IPTV services had the capacity
In addition to several direct fibre deployment projects announced in a number      to service approximately 9.2 million homes in major cities and municipalities
of smaller communities over the past few years, on March 22, 2021, Bell            across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba.
announced that it will roll out high-speed Internet service to several
underserved areas of Québec in partnership with the governments of Canada          WTTP
and Québec as part of their “Operation High Speed” initiative to connect all       Bell began the buildout of WTTP to rural locations in Ontario and Québec in
Québecers by September 2022. The Bell project provides 100% fibre Internet         2018 to enable its Wireless Home Internet broadband service and
connections to approximately 31,000 homes and businesses in nearly 100             complements its FTTP network. WTTP is 5G-capable fixed wireless technology
Québec communities. In 2021, Bell subsidiary Northwestel Inc. (Northwestel)        delivered over Bell’s wireless network using 3500 MHz spectrum to deliver
also began offering all-fibre service to customers in Dawson City, Watson          high-speed Internet service to residents in smaller and underserved
Lake and Upper Liard in Yukon as part of its Every Community Project, a            communities.
three-year initiative to provide high-speed Internet to 10,000 homes and
businesses across Yukon and the Northwest Territories. This follows the
rollout of all-fibre connections to Hay River and Inuvik in the Northwest
Territories in 2020 and 2021. In 2022, Northwestel accelerated investment in
rural

14       BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

In April 2020, as part of its response to the COVID-19 crisis, Bell announced                                     which enhanced speeds are now available to a majority of customers.
the acceleration of its Wireless Home Internet rollout in rural Canada to                                         Innovation in WTTP complements Bell’s extensive broadband fibre buildout in
approximately 137,000 additional homes by the end of April 2020. In addition,                                     urban markets, and our deployment of WTTP in rural locations underscores our
Bell expanded its Wireless Home Internet rollout to rural communities                                             focus on the full utilization of Bell’s assigned wireless spectrum resources.
throughout the Atlantic provinces starting in the fall of 2020. In June 2021, Bell
launched its Wireless Home Internet service in Manitoba with rollouts to                                          DSL
eligible locations in 12 communities.
                                                                                                                  We also offer DSL-based Internet service in areas where Fibe Internet and
In 2021, Bell completed the buildout of its Wireless Home Internet service in                                     Wireless Home Internet are not available, with download speeds of up to 5
smaller towns and rural communities across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic                                          Mbps.
provinces and Manitoba, reaching its target of 1 million locations one year
ahead of schedule. The accelerated rollout of its Wireless Home Internet                                          Satellite TV service
service formed part of Bell’s accelerated capital expenditures in national next-
                                                                                                                  We provide satellite TV service nationwide under the Bell TV brand using
generation network infrastructure announced on February 4, 2021 and further
                                                                                                                  satellites operated by Telesat Canada (Telesat). Pursuant to a set of
enhanced on May 31, 2021, and which continued in 2022.
                                                                                                                  commercial arrangements between Bell ExpressVu Limited Partnership (Bell
Already delivering download speeds of up to 25 Mbps, Bell increased its                                           ExpressVu) and Telesat, Bell ExpressVu currently has two satellites under
Wireless Home Internet service’s Internet download speeds to up to 50 Mbps                                        contract with Telesat. Telesat operates or directs the operation of these
and upload speeds to 10 Mbps (50/10) in the fall of 2020,                                                         satellites, which are used by Bell ExpressVu to provide its satellite TV service.



3.7 Employees
The table below shows the number of BCE employees at December 31, 2022                                            • the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Technical Solutions Inc.
and 2021.                                                                                                           (BTS) (Ontario, Craft) covering approximately 3,560 craft employees expired
                                                                                                                    on May 6, 2022. A new collective agreement was ratified on May 28, 2022.
Number of employees at December 31                                                   2022              2021
                                                                                                                  • the collective agreement between Unifor and BTS (Québec, Craft) covering
Bell Wireless                                                                       8,261             8,415         approximately 1,630 craft employees expired on May 6, 2022. A new
Bell Wireline                                                                     30,704            35,691          collective agreement was ratified on November 25, 2022.
Bell Media                                                                          5,645             5,675       • the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Media (CTV Toronto
Total (1)                                                                         44,610            49,781
                                                                                                                    Specialties) covering approximately 580 employees expired on May 31,
                                                                                                                    2022. A new collective agreement was ratified on November 9, 2022.
(1) The total number of BCE employees at the end of 2022 was 44,610, down from 49,781 at December 31,             The following collective agreements covering 250 or more employees will
    2021 due to the sale of a subsidiary, coupled with natural attrition, retirements and workforce reductions.
                                                                                                                  expire in 2023:
Approximately 43% of BCE employees were represented by unions and were                                            • the collective agreement between Unifor and Expertech Network Installation
covered by collective agreements at December 31, 2022.                                                              Inc. (Craft) covering approximately 700 employees will expire on
                                                                                                                    November 30, 2023.
The following collective agreements covering 250 or more employees were
                                                                                                                  • the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Media (CTV Agincourt)
ratified in 2022:
                                                                                                                    covering approximately 460 employees will expire on December 31, 2023.
• the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Canada (Clerical)
  covering approximately 3,940 clerical employees expired on November 30,                                         The following describes the status of collective agreements covering 250 or
  2021. A new collective agreement was ratified on August 18, 2022.                                               more employees that have already expired:
• the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Canada (Atlantic, Craft                                        • the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Canada (Bell MTS)
  and Clerical) covering approximately 1,530 craft and clerical employees                                           covering approximately 475 employees expired on December 19, 2022.
  expired on December 31, 2021. A new collective agreement was ratified on                                          Negotiations are anticipated to begin in the first quarter of 2023.
  September 15, 2022.
• the collective agreement between Telecommunications Employees
  Association of Manitoba and Bell Canada (Bell MTS) covering
  approximately 560 employees expired on February 19, 2022. A new
  collective agreement was ratified on November 2, 2022.



3.8 Corporate responsibility
General                                                                                                           safeguarding the environment, with a commitment to the highest ESG
                                                                                                                  standards.
ESG practices form an integral part of BCE’s corporate responsibility
approach. Since our founding in 1880, Bell has been enabling Canadians to                                         BCE has implemented a range of ESG policies that are supported by various
connect with each other and the world around them. Our approach to                                                programs and initiatives. These policies address issues of importance to our
corporate responsibility is to manage the company in ways that support the                                        many stakeholders, including: preventing conflicts of interest; protecting
social and economic prosperity of our communities while                                                           company assets; safeguarding privacy and confidentiality; treating clients,
                                                                                                                  business partners, team members and

                                                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM          15
3 Description of our business

competitors with respect and honesty; fostering a diverse and safe workplace;                                • identifies environmental management accountability from top management to
and protecting the environment.                                                                                employees
These BCE policies include, among others, the following:                                                     • seeks to ensure ongoing improvement through regular monitoring and
                                                                                                               reporting
• Code of Business Conduct
                                                                                                             Since 2009, Bell Canada maintains an environmental management system
• Data Governance Policy
                                                                                                             certified to the ISO 14001 standard, making us the first North American
• Information Security Policy                                                                                communications company to be so designated(1). This certification covers Bell
                                                                                                             Canada’s administrative oversight of the environmental management system
• Privacy Policy
                                                                                                             associated with the development of policies and procedures for the delivery of
• Environmental Policy                                                                                       services for business sectors including landline, wireless, TV and Internet
                                                                                                             services, broadband and connectivity services, data hosting, cloud computing,
• Supplier Code of Conduct
                                                                                                             radio broadcasting and digital media services. In addition, in 2020, our energy
• Procurement Policy                                                                                         management system was certified to be ISO 50001-compliant, making us the
                                                                                                             first North American communications company to be so designated(2). This
• Political Contributions Policy
                                                                                                             certification covers the corporate level administrative management activities
• Journalistic Independence Policy                                                                           related to Bell Canada’s energy management program at its national business
                                                                                                             locations associated with the activities of real estate management services,
• Mandatory Reporting of Internet Child Pornography
                                                                                                             fleet services, radio broadcasting and digital media services, landline, wireless,
• Health & Safety Policy                                                                                     TV, Internet services, connectivity, broadband services, data hosting and cloud
                                                                                                             computing, in addition to related general administrative functions.
• Employee Privacy Policy
• Mental Health Policy Statement                                                                             One of our key tools is our Corporate Environmental Action Plan, which outlines
                                                                                                             the environmental activities of our various business units. The plan identifies
• Workplace Violence and Harassment Prevention Policy                                                        funding requirements, accountabilities and deliverables, and monitors our
• Community Investment Policy                                                                                progress in meeting our objectives.
• Human Rights and Accommodation Policy                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2022, we spent $12 million as expenses and
                                                                                                             $14 million as capital expenditures for environmental activities. For 2023, we
We report annually on our corporate responsibility performance and our ESG                                   have budgeted $14 million of expenses and $116 million of capital expenditures
practices. In previous years, this was done in an annual Corporate                                           to seek to ensure that our Environmental Policy is applied properly, that our
Responsibility Report. This year we will not publish a Corporate Responsibility                              environmental risks are minimized and that we progress towards our GHG
Report. Instead, we are presenting both our financial and non-financial                                      emissions reduction targets.
performance in BCE’s integrated annual report for the year ended
December 31, 2022 (BCE 2022 Integrated Annual Report), available at                                          Additional information regarding our environmental protection activities can be
BCE.ca. For greater certainty, the BCE 2022 Integrated Annual Report is not                                  found in section 1.6, Capitals and our corporate responsibility of the BCE 2022
part of this Annual Information Form and is not incorporated by reference                                    MD&A, on pages 25 to 32 of the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report.
herein.
                                                                                                             Summary of Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Additional information regarding our corporate governance and risk                                           Disclosures (TCFD) disclosures on climate-related risks
management practices, as well as our corporate responsibility strategy and
related activities and outcomes, can be found in section 1.5, Corporate                                      and opportunities
governance and risk management and section 1.6, Capitals and our corporate                                   Alignment with recommendations of the TCFD
responsibility of the BCE 2022 MD&A, on pages 22 to 32 of the BCE 2022                                       BCE welcomes the increased demand from our stakeholders for transparency
Annual Financial Report.                                                                                     regarding our climate-related risks and opportunities. We take seriously our
Environment                                                                                                  responsibility to disclose our performance and initiatives on climate-related
                                                                                                             matters. We also believe it is important to detail how related risks and
Environmental protection and efficient energy performance are core to our                                    opportunities can affect our business. As a result, we report on climate-related
corporate responsibility approach. Our Environmental Policy, which is                                        information in accordance with the recommendations from the TCFD in our
reviewed annually, contains principles that support our goals, ranging from                                  TCFD Report on Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities (TCFD Report),
exercising due diligence to meet or exceed requirements of the environmental                                 available at BCE.ca. For greater certainty, our TCFD Report is not part of this
legislation that applies to us, to preventing pollution and promoting cost-                                  Annual Information Form and is not incorporated by reference herein. A
effective resource and waste minimization initiatives. We have instructed                                    summary of our TCFD Report is described below.
subsidiaries subject to this policy to support these principles, and have
established an executive-level committee to oversee the implementation of                                    Governance
the policy.                                                                                                  The BCE Board has overall responsibility for supervising the management of
                                                                                                             BCE’s business and affairs, which includes taking into account the effects of
We monitor our operations to seek to ensure that we comply with our
                                                                                                             climate change. The BCE Board has established clear lines of authority and
Environmental Policy, environmental requirements and standards, and take
                                                                                                             oversight over our climate-related risks and
action seeking to prevent and correct problems when needed. We have an
environmental management system in place that:
• enables systematic environmental risks and opportunities management,
  including cost savings
• establishes a course of corporate environmental action
• seeks to provide early warning of potential problems

(1) Bell’s review in 2020 of publicly available information for North American communications and telecommunications companies indicated Bell was the first of its North American communications and telecommunications
    competitors to receive ISO 14001 certification.
(2) Bell’s review in 2020 of publicly available information for North American communications and telecommunications companies indicated Bell was the first of its North American communications and telecommunications
    competitors to receive ISO 50001 certification.

16        BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

opportunities, with primary accountability at the BCE Board committee level.             • Management Resources and Compensation Committee (MRCC): oversees
The committees with oversight over climate-related risks and opportunities                 human resources issues and tracks our corporate performance against our
are:                                                                                       ESG targets. Our GHG reduction targets are part of the ESG targets linked to
• Risk and Pension Fund Committee (RPFC): oversees environmental and                       compensation.
  business continuity risks, including those related to climate change.                  • Audit Committee (AC): monitors significant ESG issues that could impact
• Corporate Governance Committee (CGC): responsible for the oversight of                   financial reporting and approves risks and assumptions disclosure related to
  our ESG strategy and disclosure, including climate change.                               climate change.



                                          Board
                                       of Directors




                                                                                                Climate Change (CC)
        Corporate                                                                               Responsibility
            rnonce
        COMmMmitkes
                                                                                                (0 Establish CC authority
            AG                                                                                      and responsibility

                                                                                                    Review & monitor CC
                                                                                                    risks and opportunities;
                                                                                                    Review & monitor CC
                                                                                                    risks and assumptions
                                 HSSECIH                                                            disclosures

                                                                                                A   Measure performance
                                                                                                    against CC targets

                                                                                                4   Approve CC risks and
                                                                                                    assumption disclosures

        Corporate                                                                               @   Approve CC strotegy,
                                                            NE
      responsibility
          board                  ood                    ors           BU Species    3?
                                                                                                    including CC metrics
                                                                                                    and targets; Approve
                                                                                                    TCFD Report
                                                        SPs, VPs & Directors
                                                         terse      le Foctions


     (1) Health, Safety, Security, Environment and Compliance Oversight Committee


While the BCE Board is responsible for BCE’s risk oversight program,                     Strategy
management has established a governance framework through the Health,
Safety, Security, Environment and Compliance Oversight Commitee (HSSEC                   BCE takes the risks of climate change very seriously. We also recognize that
Committee). The Energy Board and the Corporate Responsibility Board report               climate change could bring opportunities for our business. This includes higher
to the HSSEC. The HSSEC Committee supports the BCE Board’s mandate to                    demand for our products and services, which could contribute to a cleaner
oversee health and safety, security, environmental and compliance risks, and             economy and enhance our brand value and corporate reputation. We have
seeks to ensure they are addressed through efficient programs implemented                identified the following main climate-related risks and opportunities that could
within the various business units. In addition, two management committees,               impact BCE. Although the TCFD recommends disclosure on this matter only
the Energy Board and the Corporate Responsibility Board, report to the                   where such information is material, we are voluntarily reporting under this
HSSEC Committee. We have also implemented internal working groups                        section without limiting our disclosure to what is material to BCE.
aimed at overseeing specific elements of our climate change strategy. This
includes the Carbon Reduction Task Force, the Carbon Innovation Working                  Climate-related risks
Group, and the Climate Resiliency Task Force.                                            In alignment with the TCFD recommendations, we categorize climate-related
The management and oversight of climate-related matters have been                        risks into transition and physical risks. Transition risks are associated with the
integrated into the roles and responsibilities of executives, management and             transition to a lower-carbon economy. This may include extensive regulatory,
other team members. Remuneration is linked to the successful delivery of our             technology, and market changes needed to address mitigation and adaptation
corporate-wide climate change strategy through the evaluation of progress                requirements related to climate change. Physical risks are associated with the
against climate-related commitments and targets.                                         physical impacts from a changing climate and can either be event driven
                                                                                         (acute) or longer-term shifts (chronic) in climate patterns. For the purpose of
                                                                                         disclosures recommended by the TCFD, we have focused on six main climate-
                                                                                         related risks, which fall under the transition and physical risk categories
                                                                                         identified by the TCFD.

                                                                                                                           BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM        17
3 Description of our business


                                                                                          Climate-related risks
Transition                                                                                          Physical

• Carbon pricing regulations, which could increase operational costs due to rising price of         • Acute risks through the increased severity and frequency of extreme weather events (e.g.,
  energy                                                                                              flooding, ice storms, wildfires and extreme temperatures), which could increase operating costs,
                                                                                                      impair assets and impact insurance requirements
• End-of-life treatment of our technologies, which could increase operational costs due to
  increase in e-waste treatment programs and management systems

• Market shifting supply and demand for energy, which could increase operational costs due to       • Chronic risks linked to rising mean temperatures, which could impact operating costs and
  rising price of energy                                                                              increase capital investments required in new resilient technology and construction

• Reputation risks through public perception on accountability and managing climate-related
  issues, and climate-related disclosures and ESG rankings, which could impact demand for
  our products and services and cost of capital


Climate-related opportunities
The effects of climate change can also create opportunities for BCE, including in the following areas:
                                                                                      Climate-related opportunities
Reputation                                                                                          Products & services

• Enhanced public perception on accountability and managing climate-related issues, which           • Development and increased growth of our digital products and services, which could help
  could increase demand for our products and services                                                 customers to reduce their carbon footprint and adapt to climate change by improving business
                                                                                                      resiliency
• Climate-related disclosures and ESG rankings, as improved disclosures and rankings could
  lead to decrease in cost of capital


Climate scenario analysis                                                                             Risk management
In 2021, we updated our previous climate-related scenario analysis from 2020                          BCE’s processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks
to reflect the latest Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)                                are integrated into our multidisciplinary, company-wide risk identification,
conclusions.                                                                                          assessment and management processes.
The qualitative and quantitative climate scenario analysis studied a number of                        Identification and assessment of climate-related risks: The Corporate
future emissions pathway scenarios. The analysis took into consideration low                          Responsibility and Environment (CR&E) team monitors industry trends and
and high temperature warming scenarios for both physical and transition risks                         publications, consults with subject matter experts and works collaboratively with
over a short-(five-year), medium-(10-year) and long-term (20-year) time                               BCE’s Risk Advisory Services (RAS) team. Through this, the team ensures that
horizon. We selected and used six distinct scenarios in our analysis.                                 risks are appropriately documented and profiled within the organization.
                                                                                                      Identified risks are assessed based on a number of criteria. This includes the
Our scenario analysis included the following climate-related risks, which we                          potential nature, scale and scope of impact if the risk were to occur. The
identified as having a potential financial impact on our business:                                    likelihood of occurrence is also assessed, predicated on a combination of the
• Physical risks: Flooding, wildfires, ice storms and temperature                                     level of threat posed to the organization by the risk, and the organization’s
                                                                                                      vulnerability to a related risk event.
• Transition risks: Regulation and reputation
                                                                                                      Reporting of climate-related risks: Risk exposures for climate-related risks are
The results of the scenario analysis were provided to BCE’s HSSEC, CGC
                                                                                                      communicated by the CR&E team internally as part of standard management
and RPFC. This enables these committees to review the potential financial
                                                                                                      practices, with regular oversight review at HSSEC Committee meetings, and
impacts from climate change and equips them with the information needed to
                                                                                                      quarterly by the RPFC. Our climate risk reporting framework is based on the
incorporate climate-related risks and opportunities into future decision-making
                                                                                                      TCFD risk classification framework. A risk analysis report covering Bell’s most
and strategic planning.
                                                                                                      prominent risks is generated and provided annually to the BCE Board.
                                                                                                      Assessment of climate-related opportunities: We seek to prioritize initiatives
                                                                                                      with the highest potential for carbon reduction either for the company or for our
                                                                                                      customers. Opportunities are assessed based on a cost-benefit approach by
                                                                                                      the Energy Board and findings are reported to the HSSEC Committee, the
                                                                                                      RPFC and CGC, and evaluated for potential benefit to Bell.

18           BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business




Metrics and targets                                                                                                • Emissions targets and performance: We seek to reduce our GHG emissions,
                                                                                                                     both within our operations as well as up and down the value chain, in order to
BCE assesses climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy                                       manage performance against our climate-related goals and to monitor
and risk management processes. Although the TCFD recommends disclosure                                               current and future climate-related risks. We set GHG emission reduction
on key metrics and targets only where such information is material, we                                               targets to signal the importance of doing our part for climate change, ignite
voluntarily report without limiting our disclosure to what is material to BCE.                                       innovation in projects that may reduce emissions and drive progress in the
The key metrics used to monitor our performance are:                                                                 right direction. We expect that the achievement of our targets will help reduce
• Opportunity metrics – Carbon abatement by our customers: Bell’s products                                           operating costs, minimize exposure to carbon pricing, benefit our reputation
  and services used by our external customers and within our own operations                                          and introduce new market opportunities.
  help fight climate change and adapt to its impacts. Bell technologies have
                                                                                                                   We are undertaking targets to be carbon neutral for our operational GHG
  enabled carbon abatement, both for our external customers and within our
                                                                                                                   emissions starting in 2025. We have set the following science-based targets,
  own operations, of more than 1,379 kilotonnes of CO2 equivalent (CO2e) in
                                                                                                                   approved by the Science Based Targets initiative(4):
  2020. This is equal to 5.2 times our operational carbon footprint(1). Our
  vision for the future is to continually increase Bell technologies’ carbon                                       • Reduce our absolute scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions(5) 57% by 2030
  abatement ratio(2) by developing and providing carbon-reducing products                                            from a 2020 base year
  and services(3).                                                                                                 • Reach 64% of our suppliers by spend covering purchased goods and
• Risk metrics: The Climate Resiliency Task Force has the mandate to                                                 services having SBTs by 2026
  identify new risk metrics that will allow us to monitor our performance on                                       • Reduce our absolute scope 3 GHG emissions from categories other than
  managing our climate-related risks. This is done for each business unit that                                       purchased goods and services(6) 42% by 2030 from a 2020 base year
  is directly impacted by climate change.




(1) Based on a methodology we developed in collaboration with Groupe AGECO, a third-party consultant with an expertise in GHG quantification, that quantifies the carbon reduction capacity of our products and services.
(2) Our carbon abatement ratio is defined as the number of times by which GHG emissions abated through the use of Bell technologies exceed GHG emitted by Bell’s operations.
(3) Taking into account the products and services for which Bell has developed the technology and plays a fundamental role in its delivery to clients, as well as the products and services for which Bell has not developed the
    technology but enables it by providing the network.
(4) Our SBTs may need to be adjusted in the future because the SBTi requires that targets be recalculated (following the most recent applicable SBTi criteria and recommendations) at a minimum every five years, or more often if
    significant changes occur (e.g., business acquisitions/divestitures).
(5) Scope 1 emissions are direct GHG emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by Bell. Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG emissions associated with the generation of electricity, heating/ cooling or steam purchased
    for Bell’s own consumption.
(6) Scope 3 categories covered by this target include GHG emissions from capital goods, fuel- and energy-related activities, upstream transportation and distribution, waste generated in operations, business travel, employee
    commuting, downstream transportation and distribution, use of sold products, end-of-life treatment of sold products, franchises and investments.

                                                                                                                                                               BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                           19
3 Description of our business


3.9 Competitive environment
A discussion of our competitive environment can be found in section 3.3,             See also section 3.3, Competitive strengths in this Annual Information Form for
Principal business risks and the various subsections entitled Competitive            more information concerning our competitive position.
landscape and industry trends and Principal business risks of the BCE 2022
MD&A, on pages 39 to 43, 55 and 56, 60 and 61, 63 and 64, 67, and 69 of the
BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report.



3.10 Regulatory environment
A discussion of certain legislation that governs our businesses, as well as          More information about the Canadian ownership restrictions on BCE’s common
government consultations and recent regulatory initiatives and proceedings           shares can be found in section 5.1, BCE securities in this Annual Information
affecting us, can be found in section 8, Regulatory environment of the BCE           Form.
2022 MD&A, on pages 86 to 90 of the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report.



3.11 Intangible properties
Intellectual property                                                                Spectrum and broadcasting licences
We use various works protected by intellectual property rights (IP Assets),          Our intangible assets also include spectrum licences from ISED, which provide
which we own or for which we have been granted rights of use. These IP               us with the right to utilize designated wireless spectrum to provide our wireless
Assets include, without limitation: brand names; trademarks such as names,           services, and broadcasting licences from the Canadian Radio-television and
designs and logos; copyrights of content, programs and musical works;                Telecommunications Commission (CRTC), which enable us to deliver Bell
broadcast signals, software and applications; domain names; patents or               Media’s content to Canadians.
patent applications for inventions owned or produced by us and our
employees; and various other copyright materials, trademarks, patents and            Our wireless spectrum licence holdings extend across various spectrum bands
other intellectual property owned or licensed by us. We derive value through         and regions across Canada, totalling more than 6.4 billion megahertz per
the use of these IP Assets in various business activities, and they are              population (MHz-Pop), corresponding to an average of approximately 182 MHz
important to our operations and our success. To protect these IP Assets, we          of spectrum per Canadian. In previous years, we have deployed 600 MHz, 700
rely on a combination of legal protections afforded under copyright,                 MHz, 2300 MHz, 2500 MHz, 1900 MHz, AWS and 850 MHz as part of our
trademark, patent and other intellectual property laws, as well as contractual       wireless networks, and in 2022 we began deploying our 3500 MHz spectrum
provisions under licensing arrangements.                                             acquired in the 2021 auction. We intend to renew existing licences to meet
                                                                                     network capacity requirements.
In particular, the Bell brand plays a key role in product positioning. Our
branding is straightforward and directly supports our strategy of delivering a       Broadcasting licences, issued by the CRTC, are important to the success of our
better customer experience at every level. Our trademark rights are perpetual,       Bell Media segment, as they allow us to deliver radio and TV services in the
provided that their registrations are renewed on a timely basis when                 communities in which we operate. We seek to maintain and renew, as
applicable and that the trademarks are used in commerce by us or our                 applicable, all such broadcasting licences required for our operations. Many of
licensees. Other types of intangible proprietary information are also important      our licences are set for a five-year term and reviewed by the CRTC under a
to our operations, such as customer lists.                                           group licence approach. While we expect to continually renew our licences, the
                                                                                     terms under which they are provided may change from one licence term to
We believe that we take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect,              another.
renew and defend our IP Assets, including prosecuting infringers, and we take
great care not to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. However,
we cannot provide any assurance that the laws protecting intellectual property
in various jurisdictions are, or will continue to be, adequate to protect our IP
Assets or that we will be successful in preventing or defending claims by
others asserting rights in or to our IP Assets.

20       BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
4 General development of our business – three-year history


4             General development of our business –
              three-year history
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to key transactions and the benefits expected to result therefrom. Refer to section 1, Caution
regarding forward-looking statements in this Annual Information Form.
In line with our strategic imperatives, during the last three completed financial years we have entered into transactions and implemented various
business strategies and corporate initiatives that have influenced the general development of our business. During this period, our regulatory
environment has also influenced the general development of our business. The principal transactions, regulatory developments, business strategies
and corporate initiatives that have influenced the general development of our business during the last three completed financial years are discussed
below.



4.1 Transactions
Proposed disposition of production studios
In December 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell our 63% ownership in certain production studios and production studios currently under construction,
which are included in our Bell Media segment. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2023 once we achieve substantial completion of the
construction of the production studios and subject to customary closing conditions. As at December 31, 2022, construction of the production studios was ongoing
and there remain significant construction activities which must be completed. We estimate we will receive cash proceeds of approximately $220 million from the
sale transaction, which amount may vary primarily based on the actual cost incurred to complete the construction of the production studios.

Key completed transactions
We have concluded a number of transactions, including acquisitions, partnerships and investments, from 2020 to 2022 to support our strategic imperatives and our
purpose to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world. More information with respect to the most significant of these transactions is provided
in the table below.
Transaction                                Key characteristics

Acquisition of Distributel                 • On December 1, 2022, Bell completed its acquisition of Distributel, a national independent communications provider offering a wide range of
Communications Limited (Distributel)         consumer, business and wholesale communications services for cash consideration of $303 million ($282 million net of cash acquired) and
(2022)                                       $39 million of estimated additional cash consideration contingent on the achievement of certain performance objectives. The acquisition of Distributel
                                             is expected to support growth in Bell’s residential and business customers. Distributel’s results are included in those of our Bell Wireline segment.

Acquisition of EBOX (2022)                 • In February 2022, Bell acquired EBOX and other related companies, which provide Internet, telephone and television services to consumers and
                                             businesses in Québec and parts of Ontario, for cash consideration of $153 million ($139 million net of cash acquired). Bell maintains the EBOX
                                             brand and operations, and EBOX continues providing telecommunications options for consumers and businesses in these areas.
                                           • The acquisition is expected to accelerate growth in Bell’s residential and small business customers. The results of the acquired business are
                                             included in those of our Bell Wireline segment.

Sale of data centres to Equinix, Inc.      • On June 1, 2020, BCE announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to sell 25 data centres at 13 sites, representing substantially all of
(Equinix) (2020)                             its data centre operations, to global interconnection and data centre company Equinix in an all-cash transaction valued at $1.04 billion. In the fourth
                                             quarter of 2020, we completed the sale for proceeds of $933 million, net of debt and other items.
                                           • The transaction reinforces Bell’s strategy to focus investment on network infrastructure, content and service innovation.



Acquisition of 3500 MHZ wireless spectrum                                                        Normal course issuer bid for BCE Preferred Shares
In 2021, Bell acquired significant additional mid-band, flexible-use 3500 MHz                    On November 5, 2020, BCE announced a normal course issuer bid (2020
wireless spectrum in the auction by ISED. Essential to Canada’s ongoing                          NCIB) to purchase for cancellation up to 10% of the public float of each series
transition to 5G communications, these high-capacity airwaves extend Bell’s                      of BCE’s outstanding Preferred Shares that are listed on the Toronto Stock
leadership in delivering enhanced 5G digital experiences to Canadian                             Exchange (TSX). The 2020 NCIB extended from November 9, 2020 to
consumers and businesses in urban, rural and remote communities. Bell                            November 8, 2021, and BCE repurchased and cancelled an aggregate of
acquired 271 licences for 678 million MHz-Pop of 3500 MHz spectrum –                             41,400 Preferred Shares under the 2020 NCIB. On November 4, 2021, BCE
critical to enabling the full potential of 5G – for $2.07 billion. This acquisition              announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid (2021 NCIB), which
increased Bell’s total 3500 MHz spectrum holdings to 1,690 million MHz-Pop,                      extended from November 9, 2021 to November 8, 2022. BCE did not
or 37% of this high-value spectrum available to national wireless carriers,                      repurchase any Preferred Shares under the 2021 NCIB. On November 3, 2022,
acquired at an average cost of $1.25 per MHz-Pop.                                                BCE announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid (2022 NCIB), which
                                                                                                 will extend from November 9, 2022 to November 8, 2023, or an earlier date
                                                                                                 should BCE complete its purchases under the 2022 NCIB. BCE initiated the
                                                                                                 2022 NCIB because it believes that, from time to time, the Preferred

                                                                                                                                         BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                     21
4 General development of our business – three-year history

Shares may trade in price ranges that do not fully reflect their value. BCE         The 2022 NCIB may be conducted through the facilities of the TSX as well as
believes that, in such circumstances, the repurchase of its Preferred Shares        alternative trading systems in Canada, if eligible, or by such other means as
represents an appropriate use of its available funds.                               may be permitted by securities regulatory authorities. At December 31, 2022,
                                                                                    BCE had repurchased and cancelled 584,300 Preferred Shares under the 2022
The actual number of Preferred Shares to be repurchased under the 2022              NCIB.
NCIB and the timing of such repurchases will be at BCE’s discretion and shall
be subject to the limitations set out by the TSX.




4.2       Corporate developments
                                                                                    MD&A                  Section references
Refer to the sections of the BCE 2020 MD&A and BCE 2021 MD&A,
contained in the BCE 2020 Annual Report and BCE 2021 Annual Report,                 BCE 2020 MD&A         Section 1.3,         Key corporate developments
respectively, indicated in the adjacent table for a discussion of various                                 Section 1.4,         Capital markets strategy
business strategies and corporate initiatives implemented, and other actions                              Section 2,           Strategic imperatives – 2020 progress
taken, in the financial years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31,                                                         for each strategic imperative
2021 that have influenced the general development of our business in 2020           BCE 2021 MD&A         Section 1.3,         Key corporate developments
and 2021. Refer to the sections of the BCE 2022 MD&A, contained in the
                                                                                                          Section 1.4,         Capital markets strategy
BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report, indicated in the adjacent table for a
discussion of various business strategies and corporate initiatives                                       Section 2,           Strategic imperatives – 2021 progress
                                                                                                                               for each strategic imperative
implemented, and other actions taken, in the financial year ended
December 31, 2022 that have influenced the general development of our               BCE 2022 MD&A         Section 1.3,         Key corporate developments
business in 2022, and the priorities we intend to focus on in 2023.                                       Section 1.4,         Capital markets strategy
                                                                                                          Section 2,           Strategic imperatives – 2022 progress
                                                                                                                               for each strategic imperative
                                                                                                          Section 2,           Strategic imperatives – 2023 focus
                                                                                                                               for each strategic imperative




4.3 Regulatory environment
During the past three financial years, the general development of our
business has been affected, and will continue to be affected, by decisions
made by the Government of Canada and its relevant departments and
agencies, including the CRTC, ISED, Canadian Heritage and the Competition
Bureau. Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated,
government agencies and departments such as those mentioned above
continue to play a significant role in regulatory matters such as establishing
and modifying regulations for mandatory access to networks, spectrum
auctions, the imposition of consumer-related codes of conduct, approval of
acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign ownership
requirements, privacy and cybersecurity obligations and control of copyright
piracy. Refer to section 8, Regulatory environment of the BCE 2020 MD&A,
BCE 2021 MD&A and BCE 2022 MD&A contained in the BCE 2020 Annual
Report, BCE 2021 Annual Report and BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report,
respectively, for a discussion of the regulatory initiatives and proceedings that
influenced, in the financial years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022,
and may in the future influence, the general development of our business.


22       BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
5 Our capital structure


5          Our capital structure
This section describes BCE’s and Bell Canada’s securities, the trading of certain of such securities on the TSX and the ratings that certain rating
agencies have attributed to BCE’s preferred shares and Bell Canada’s debt securities that are issued and outstanding.



5.1 BCE securities
BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended, provide for an unlimited number         However, in our case, there is an additional control restriction under the Bell
of common shares, an unlimited number of first preferred shares issuable in         Canada Act. Prior approval by the CRTC is necessary for any sale or other
series, an unlimited number of second preferred shares also issuable in             disposal of Bell Canada’s voting shares unless BCE retains at least 80% of all
series and an unlimited number of Class B shares. As at March 2, 2023, BCE          Bell Canada voting shares.
had no Class B shares or second preferred shares outstanding.
                                                                                    Similarly, the Canadian ownership rules under the Broadcasting Act for
Each common share entitles its holder to one vote at any meeting of                 broadcasting licensees, such as Bell Media and Bell Canada, generally mirror
shareholders. Additional information about the terms and conditions of the          the rules for Canadian-owned and -controlled common carriers under the
BCE preferred shares, common shares and Class B shares can be found in              Telecommunications Act by restricting allowable foreign investments in voting
Note 30, Share capital of the BCE 2022 consolidated financial statements, on        shares at the licensee operating company level to a maximum of 20% and at
pages 157 and 158 of the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report.                          the holding company level to a maximum of 331⁄3%. An additional requirement
                                                                                    under these Canadian broadcasting ownership rules is that the chief executive
Since 1993, the Telecommunications Act and associated regulations (Telecom          officer of a company that is a licensed broadcasting undertaking must be a
Regulations) have governed Canadian ownership and control of Canadian               Canadian citizen or permanent resident of Canada. The CRTC is precluded
telecommunications carriers. Bell Canada and other affiliates of BCE that are       under a direction issued under the Broadcasting Act from issuing, amending or
Canadian carriers are subject to this Act. In 2012, amendments to the               renewing a broadcasting licence of an applicant that does not satisfy these
Telecommunications Act largely eliminated the foreign ownership restrictions        Canadian ownership and control criteria.
for any carrier that, with its affiliates, has annual revenues from the provision
of telecommunications services in Canada that represent less than 10% of the        Cultural concerns over increased foreign control of broadcasting activities also
total annual revenues from the provision of these services in Canada, as            require broadcasting licensees to establish programming committees when
determined by the CRTC. However, given that Bell Canada and its affiliates          foreign investment in their holding company, while within permissible limits,
exceed this 10% threshold, they remain subject to the pre-existing Canadian         exceeds 20%. In line with CRTC practice, programming committees have been
ownership and control restrictions, which are detailed below.                       established within the relevant subsidiary licensees, thereby allowing foreign
                                                                                    investment in voting shares of BCE to reach the maximum of 331⁄3%.
Under the Telecommunications Act, in order for a corporation that exceeds the
10% threshold mentioned above to operate as a Canadian common carrier,              We monitor the level of non-Canadian ownership of BCE’s common shares by
the following conditions have to be met:                                            obtaining data on: (i) registered shareholders from our transfer agent and
• Canadians own at least 80% of its voting shares                                   registrar, TSX Trust Company, and (ii) beneficial shareholders from the
                                                                                    Canadian Depository for Securities (CDS) and the Depository Trust Company
• at least 80% of the members of the carrier company’s board of directors are       (DTC) in the United States. We also provide periodic reports to the CRTC.
  Canadian, and
                                                                                    As of March 2, 2023, BCE had no debt securities outstanding.
• the carrier company is not controlled by non-Canadians.
In addition, where a parent company (Carrier holding company) owns at least
662⁄3% of the voting shares of the carrier company (subject to ownership
rules), the Carrier holding company must have at least 662⁄3% of its voting
shares owned by Canadians and must not be controlled by non-Canadians.
BCE is a Carrier holding company. The Telecom Regulations give certain
powers to the CRTC and to Canadian carriers and Carrier holding companies
to monitor and control the level of non-Canadian ownership of voting shares
to ensure compliance with the Telecommunications Act. Accordingly, BCE,
which controls Bell Canada and other Canadian carriers, must satisfy the
following conditions:
• Canadians own at least 662⁄3% of its voting shares, and
• it is not controlled by non-Canadians.
The powers under the Telecom Regulations include the right to:
• suspend the voting rights attached to shares considered to be owned or
  controlled by non-Canadians
• refuse to register a transfer of voting shares to a non-Canadian, and
• force a non-Canadian to sell his or her voting shares.

                                                                                                                   BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM         23
5 Our capital structure


5.2 Bell Canada debt securities
Bell Canada long-term debt securities
As at December 31, 2022, Bell Canada had issued or assumed long-term debt securities as summarized in the table below.
                                                                                                                                                                   Weighted                                              At
                                                                                                                                                                    average                             December 31, 2022
Debt securities                                                                                                                                                 interest rate           Maturity            (in $ millions)

1997 trust indenture                                                                                                                                                 3.82%           2023-2051                      16,747
1976 trust indenture                                                                                                                                                 9.38%           2027-2054                         975
1996 trust indenture (subordinated)                                                                                                                                  8.21%           2026-2031                         275
2016 U.S. trust indenture (1)                                                                                                                                        3.32%           2024-2052                       6,525
2011 trust indenture (2)                                                                                                                                             4.00%                 2024                        225
Total                                                                                                                                                                                                               24,747

(1) As at December 31, 2022, Bell Canada had issued notes under the 2016 U.S. trust indenture for an aggregate amount of $4.85 billion in U.S. dollars, which have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations through cross
    currency interest rate swaps.
(2) As part of the acquisition of Manitoba Telecom Services Inc. (MTS), on March 17, 2017, Bell Canada assumed all of MTS’ debt issued under its 2011 trust indenture.



The Bell Canada long-term debt securities are unsecured and have been                                            On February 9, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus
guaranteed by BCE. Additional information about the terms and conditions of                                      and 2022 Prospectus Supplement, $1.5 billion principal amount of MTN
the Bell Canada long-term debt securities can be found in Note 25, Long-term                                     Debentures in two series. The $1.05 billion 4.55% MTN Debentures, Series
debt of the BCE 2022 consolidated financial statements on pages 147 and                                          M-58, were issued at a price of $99.787 per $100 principal amount, to mature
148 of the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report.                                                                     on February 9, 2030. The $450 million 5.15% MTN Debentures, Series M-59,
                                                                                                                 were issued at a price of $99.500 per $100 principal amount, to mature on
On March 16, 2022, Bell Canada redeemed, prior to maturity, all of its                                           February 9, 2053. The net proceeds of the offerings were used to repay short-
outstanding $1.0 billion principal amount of 3.35% Debentures, Series M-26,                                      term debt and for general corporate purposes.
due March 22, 2023, at a price equal to $1,017.396 per $1,000 of principal
amount of debentures plus $16.062 per $1,000 of principal amount for                                             As at March 2, 2023, Bell Canada had issued $2.5 billion principal amount of
accrued and unpaid interest (the M-26 Redemption).                                                               debt securities under its 2022 Shelf Prospectus.
Under its shelf prospectus dated November 16, 2020 (2020 Shelf                                                   Bell Canada is required, under certain conditions, to make an offer to
Prospectus), Bell Canada could issue, over a 25-month period, up to $6 billion                                   repurchase all or, at the option of the holder thereof, any part of certain series
of unsecured debt securities. In addition, under its prospectus supplement                                       of its debt securities upon the occurrence of both a “Change of Control” of BCE
dated March 12, 2021 (2021 Prospectus Supplement), Bell Canada could                                             or Bell Canada and a “Rating Event” relating to the relevant series of debt
issue, over the same period, up to $6 billion of unsecured Medium Term Notes                                     securities, as defined in the terms and conditions of the relevant series of debt
(MTN) Debentures.                                                                                                securities or in the relevant trust indenture, as applicable (the Repurchase upon
                                                                                                                 Change of Control Triggering Event). In addition, MTS’ 2011 trust indenture
On February 11, 2022, Bell Canada issued, under the 2020 Shelf Prospectus                                        assumed by Bell Canada imposes covenants that place limitations on the
and a prospectus supplement dated February 8, 2022, US$750 million                                               issuance of additional debt with a maturity date exceeding one year based on
(C$954 million) principal amount of 3.65% Series US-7 Notes, at a price of                                       certain tests related to interest and asset coverage. Bell Canada is in
US$99.144 per US$100 principal amount, to mature on August 15, 2052. The                                         compliance with all conditions and restrictions of its debt securities.
net proceeds of the offering were used to fund the M-26 Redemption.
In order to continue to provide Bell Canada with financial flexibility and                                       Bell Canada commercial paper
efficient access to Canadian and U.S. debt capital markets, on March 7, 2022,
Bell Canada filed with the Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities                                 Bell Canada may issue short-term notes (CP Notes) under its Canadian and
and with the SEC a new shelf prospectus (2022 Shelf Prospectus) under                                            U.S. commercial paper programs up to the maximum aggregate principal
which Bell Canada may issue unsecured debt securities from time to time                                          amount of $3.0 billion in either Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no
over a 25-month period. The 2022 Shelf Prospectus effectively replaced the                                       time shall such aggregate principal amount of CP Notes exceed $3.5 billion in
2020 Shelf Prospectus and effectively cancelled the 2021 Prospectus                                              Canadian currency, which equals the aggregate amount available under Bell
Supplement. On May 19, 2022, Bell Canada filed a new prospectus                                                  Canada’s committed supporting revolving and expansion credit facilities as of
supplement (2022 Prospectus Supplement) for the issue of unsecured MTN                                           March 2, 2023. The sale of CP Notes pursuant to Bell Canada’s separate
Debentures under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus.                                                                      Canadian or U.S. program decreases the Canadian or U.S. $3.0 billion
                                                                                                                 maximum principal amount of CP Notes authorized to be outstanding at any
On November 10, 2022, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf                                                   time under both programs, with one Canadian dollar being treated as equal to
Prospectus and 2022 Prospectus Supplement, $1.0 billion principal amount of                                      one U.S. dollar for purposes of this limitation. At March 2, 2023, Bell Canada
5.85% MTN Debentures, Series M-57, at a price of $99.768 per $100                                                had CP Notes outstanding under its U.S. program in the principal amount of
principal amount, to mature on November 10, 2032. The net proceeds of the                                        US$1,668 million (C$2,255 million when taking into account hedges with
offering were used to repay short-term debt and for general corporate                                            forward currency contracts against foreign currency fluctuations). As at the
purposes.                                                                                                        same date, no CP Notes were outstanding under Bell Canada’s Canadian
                                                                                                                 program.

24         BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
5 Our capital structure


5.3 Credit ratings
Ratings generally address the ability of a company to repay principal and pay       This section describes the credit ratings, as of March 2, 2023, for certain of the
interest or dividends on issued and outstanding securities.                         issued and outstanding securities of BCE and Bell Canada. These ratings
                                                                                    provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of an issue
Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity   of securities. However, they are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of
and debt capital markets as well as the bank credit market. Our ability to          the securities referred to below, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any
access such markets and the cost and amount of funding available depend             time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the rating
partly on our assigned credit ratings at the time capital is raised. Investment     agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do
grade ratings usually mean that when we borrow money, we qualify for lower          not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor. Each credit
interest rates than companies that have ratings below investment grade.             rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.
Credit ratings are subject to change based on a number of factors including,
but not limited to, our financial strength, competitive position, liquidity and     In the past two years, we have paid rating agencies to assign ratings to BCE’s
other factors that are not completely within our control. There is no assurance     preferred shares, as well as to Bell Canada’s short-term and long-term debt
that we will maintain our current credit ratings and a ratings downgrade could      securities. The fees paid to DBRS and S&P include access to their websites. In
result in adverse consequences for our funding capacity or our ability to           addition, we paid DBRS and Moody’s for services provided relating to ratings
access the capital markets.                                                         assigned in connection with Bell Canada’s securitization programs.
As of March 2, 2023, BCE’s preferred shares are rated by DBRS Limited
(DBRS) and S&P Global Ratings Canada, a business unit of S&P Global
Canada Corp. (S&P), and Bell Canada’s debt securities are rated by DBRS,
Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (Moody’s) and S&P.

Ratings for BCE and Bell Canada securities
Ratings for Bell Canada short-term debt securities
Short-term debt securities                                                                     Rating agency   Rating                         Rank

Bell Canada commercial paper                                                                         DBRS R-2 (high)                          4 out of 10
                                                                                                    Moody’s P-2                               2 out of 4
                                                                                                       S&P A-1 (Low) (Canadian scale)         3 out of 8
                                                                                                           A-2 (Global scale)                 3 out of 7


Ratings for Bell Canada long-term debt securities
Short-term debt securities                                                                     Rating agency   Rating                         Rank

Bell Canada unsubordinated long-term debt securities                                                 DBRS BBB (high)                          8 out of 26
                                                                                                    Moody’s Baa1                              8 out of 21
                                                                                                       S&P BBB+                               8 out of 22
Bell Canada subordinated long-term debt securities                                                   DBRS BBB (low)                           10 out of 26
                                                                                                    Moody’s Baa2                              9 out of 21
                                                                                                       S&P BBB                                9 out of 22


Ratings for BCE preferred shares
Short-term debt securities                                                                     Rating agency   Rating                         Rank

BCE preferred shares                                                                                 DBRS Pfd-3                               8 out of 16
                                                                                                      S&P P-2 (Low) (Canadian scale)          6 out of 18
                                                                                                          BBB- (Global scale)                 8 out of 20


As of March 2, 2023, BCE and Bell Canada’s credit ratings have stable outlooks from DBRS, Moody’s and S&P.
                                                                                                                        BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM      25
5 Our capital structure


General explanation                                                                       The DBRS long-term debt rating scale provides an opinion on the risk of
                                                                                          default; that is, the risk that an issuer will fail to satisfy its financial obligations in
Short-term debt securities                                                                accordance with the terms under which an obligation has been issued. Ratings
                                                                                          are based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to the issuer
The table below shows the range of credit ratings that each rating agency                 and the relative ranking of claims.
assigns to short-term debt instruments, and is based upon public statements
from the respective rating agencies as of March 2, 2023.                                  Moody’s long-term debt ratings are assigned to issuers or obligations with an
                                                                                          original maturity of eleven months or more and reflect both on the likelihood of
                                                Highest quality         Lowest quality    a default or impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected
                                             of securities rated    of securities rated   financial loss suffered in the event of default or impairment.
DBRS                                                 R-1 (high)                     D
                                                                                          S&P’s long-term debt credit rating scale provides a forward-looking opinion of
Moody’s                                                    P-1                     NP
                                                                                          the creditworthiness of a company in meeting a specific financial obligation, a
S&P (Canadian scale)                                 A-1 (High)                     D     specific class of financial obligations or a specific financial program. It takes into
S&P (Global scale)                                        A-1+                      D     consideration the likelihood of payment; that is, the capacity and willingness of
                                                                                          the company to meet its financial commitment on an obligation according to the
                                                                                          terms of the obligation, among other factors.
The DBRS short-term debt rating scale provides an opinion on the risk that a
borrower will not meet its short-term financial obligations in a timely manner.           Preferred shares
Ratings are based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to
the issuer and the relative ranking of claims.                                            The table below describes the range of credit ratings that each rating agency
                                                                                          assigns to preferred shares and is based upon public statements from the
Moody’s short-term ratings are assigned to obligations with an original                   respective rating agencies as of March 2, 2023.
maturity of 13 months or less and reflect both on the likelihood of a default or
impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected financial loss                                                                  Highest quality        Lowest quality
suffered in the event of default or impairment.                                                                                               of securities rated   of securities rated

                                                                                          DBRS                                                     Pfd-1 (high)                     D
An S&P Canadian commercial paper rating is a forward-looking opinion about
                                                                                          S&P (Canadian scale)                                      P-1 (High)                      D
the capacity of an obligor to meet financial commitments associated with a
specific commercial paper program or other short-term financial instrument,               S&P (Global scale)                                                 AA                     D
relative to the debt servicing and repayment capacity of other obligors active
in the Canadian domestic financial markets with respect to their own financial
                                                                                          The DBRS preferred share rating scale reflects an opinion of the risk that an
obligations.
                                                                                          issuer will not fulfill its obligations with respect to both dividends and principal
An S&P Global rating is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness              commitments. Every DBRS rating is based on quantitative and qualitative
of an obligor with respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of        considerations relevant to the issuing entity.
financial obligations or a specific financial program, and about the obligor’s
                                                                                          S&P’s Canadian preferred share rating is a forward-looking opinion about the
capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments.
                                                                                          creditworthiness of an obligor in meeting a specific preferred share obligation
Long-term debt securities                                                                 issued in the Canadian market, compared to preferred shares issued by other
                                                                                          issuers in the Canadian market.
The table below shows the range of credit ratings that each rating agency
assigns to long-term debt instruments, and is based upon public statements                An S&P Global rating is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness of
from the respective rating agencies as of March 2, 2023.                                  an obligor with respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of
                                                                                          financial obligations or a specific financial program, and about the obligor’s
                                                 Highest quality        Lowest quality    capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments.
                                              of securities rated   of securities rated
DBRS                                                       AAA                       D
Moody’s                                                     Aaa                      C
S&P                                                        AAA                       D



26        BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
5 Our capital structure

Explanation of rating categories received for our securities
The following explanations of the rating categories received for our securities have been published by the applicable rating agencies. The explanations and
corresponding rating categories provided below are subject to change by the applicable rating agencies.
Rating         Description           Rating                          Explanation of
agency         of securities         category                        rating category received

DBRS           Short-term debt       R-2 (high)                      upper end of adequate credit quality

                                                                     capacity for the payment of short-term financial obligations as they fall due is acceptable

                                                                     may be vulnerable to future events

               Long-term debt        BBB (high)                      adequate credit quality

                                                                     capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered acceptable

                                                                     may be vulnerable to future events

               Long-term             BBB (low)                       adequate credit quality
               subordinated debt
                                                                     capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered acceptable

                                                                     may be vulnerable to future events

               Preferred shares      Pfd-3                           adequate credit quality

                                                                     protection of dividends and principal is still considered acceptable, but the company is more susceptible to
                                                                     adverse changes in financial and economic conditions, and there may be other adverse conditions present
                                                                     which detract from debt protection. Generally, companies with Pfd-3 ratings correspond with companies with
                                                                     a BBB category or higher reference point

Moody’s        Short-term debt       P-2                             a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations

               Long-term debt        Baa                             subject to moderate credit risk

                                                                     considered medium-grade and may have certain speculative characteristics

S&P            Short-term debt       A-1 (Low) (Canadian scale)      satisfactory capacity of the company to fulfill its financial commitment on the obligation
                                     A-2 (Global scale)
                                                                     somewhat more susceptible to adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than
                                                                     obligations rated higher

               Long-term debt        BBB                             adequate protection parameters

                                                                     adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s ability to
                                                                     meet its financial commitments

               Preferred shares      P-2 (Low) (Canadian scale)      adequate protection parameters
                                     BBB- (Global scale)             adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s ability to
                                                                     meet its financial commitments


                                                                                                                        BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                   27
5 Our capital structure


5.4 Trading of our securities
The common and first preferred shares of BCE are listed on the TSX under the respective symbols set out in the tables below. BCE’s common shares are also
listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol BCE.
The tables below and on the next page show the range in share price per month and volume traded on the TSX in 2022 for BCE’s common shares and each series
of BCE’s first preferred shares.
                                                                                                  First preferred shares
                          Common          Series R      Series S      Series T      Series Y      Series Z       Series AA     Series AB     Series AC     Series AD     Series AE
                      shares (BCE)     (BCE.PR.R)    (BCE.PR.S)    (BCE.PR.T)    (BCE.PR.Y)    (BCE.PR.Z)      (BCE.PR.A)    (BCE.PR.B)    (BCE.PR.C)    (BCE.PR.D)    (BCE.PR.E)

January 2022
High                        $67.250      $20.960       $21.250       $25.270       $21.480       $22.350          $21.820      $21.390       $22.240       $21.400       $21.360
Low                         $64.135      $19.800       $19.330       $23.970       $20.500       $20.720          $20.600      $20.310       $21.460       $19.990       $20.400
Volume                    50,649,630     316,448        29,550     1,534,586       111,288        25,210          253,676      102,354        95,826       227,217       168,867

February 2022
High                        $68.170      $20.160       $21.150       $24.280       $21.150       $21.470          $21.570      $21.260       $21.930       $21.200       $21.100
Low                          $65.050     $18.520       $20.500       $22.860       $20.140       $20.380          $20.130      $20.180       $20.420       $20.160       $19.550
Volume                    58,241,451     131,510        10,225       684,229       352,580        24,298          180,047      182,636       103,288       155,181        71,520

March 2022
High                        $71.940      $19.180       $20.500       $24.000       $20.710       $20.550          $20.810      $20.730       $21.150       $20.630       $20.450
Low                         $66.450      $17.950       $19.090       $22.160       $19.130       $19.220          $19.130      $19.270       $19.350       $19.110       $18.940
Volume               128,764,898         154,669        32,057       598,468       130,950        27,691          207,200      133,802       287,134       168,261       265,782

April 2022
High                        $74.090      $18.950       $20.110       $23.620       $20.410       $20.470          $20.500      $20.500       $20.830       $20.340       $20.160
Low                         $68.220      $15.900       $17.900       $20.320       $17.770       $18.200          $17.830      $17.260       $18.150       $18.030       $18.010
Volume                    58,323,847      95,803        32,264       288,031       117,032        30,986          291,662       83,013       190,770       105,070       151,692

May 2022
High                        $70.530      $17.060       $18.340       $21.510       $19.000       $19.170          $19.090      $19.020       $19.620       $19.070       $19.150
Low                          $66.795     $14.870       $18.120       $20.120       $18.040       $17.930          $18.020      $18.100       $18.430       $18.110       $18.050
Volume                    60,348,181      60,119         2,200       150,597       115,687        20,445          132,936      107,432        78,999        85,997        50,367

June 2022
High                        $69.060      $17.520       $19.490       $22.350       $19.690       $20.060          $19.810      $19.810       $20.000       $19.820       $19.650
Low                         $61.420      $15.360       $18.610       $19.450       $18.680       $18.620          $18.770      $18.970       $18.830       $18.690       $18.410
Volume                    94,814,778      80,679        12,326       451,872       269,134        13,352          156,077       87,945        85,480        54,112       101,172

July 2022
High                        $64.965      $15.600       $18.420       $19.870       $18.900       $18.850          $19.240      $19.000       $18.990       $18.800       $18.790
Low                         $62.440      $14.180       $17.350       $18.450       $17.560       $17.810          $17.850      $17.650       $17.640       $17.500       $17.480
Volume                    42,448,135      60,020        16,700       151,358       110,972         7,994          171,120      106,563        94,335        68,761        43,980

August 2022
High                         $66.050     $16.390       $18.940       $20.150       $19.220       $19.150         $19.440       $19.410       $19.110       $19.090       $19.060
Low                          $62.960     $14.920       $17.900       $19.490       $17.500       $18.210         $18.020       $18.100       $17.960       $17.680       $17.570
Volume                    44,428,852     195,522        14,211       329,495        86,392         8,500         446,842       329,508        50,821       147,809        77,538

September 2022
High                        $64.490      $16.100       $19.350       $19.760       $19.190       $19.530          $19.100      $19.170       $19.000       $19.050       $19.200
Low                          $57.510     $14.260       $17.800       $17.210       $17.690       $17.680          $16.630      $17.650       $17.300       $17.750       $17.650
Volume                    67,656,059      52,181        60,268        82,911        58,793        12,575          177,683      115,054        57,271       117,473       118,918

October 2022
High                        $61.930      $15.080       $18.240       $17.790       $18.700       $18.770          $17.650      $18.400       $18.620       $18.400       $18.270
Low                         $55.660      $13.510       $17.630       $16.660       $17.640       $17.600          $16.650      $17.670       $17.280       $17.650       $17.290
Volume                    51,518,312      62,522        28,833       253,725       163,365        20,232          166,889      134,237        86,545       188,024       238,549

November 2022
High                        $64.440      $14.850       $18.350       $17.900       $18.740       $18.800         $17.530       $18.500       $18.310       $18.400       $18.290
Low                         $61.150      $14.090       $17.940       $16.830       $17.820       $17.850         $16.750       $17.940       $17.620       $17.960       $17.900
Volume                    56,725,792     221,786        27,785       203,533       247,902       193,005          134,456      162,243       120,483       150,260       260,554

December 2022
High                        $64.390      $15.490       $18.440       $17.680       $18.590       $18.800          $17.490      $18.740       $18.800       $18.650       $18.550
Low                          $59.050     $14.420       $17.990       $16.990       $18.030       $18.200          $16.710      $17.920       $17.990       $18.080       $18.060
Volume                    67,232,678     158,315        19,200       205,074       296,751        51,878          184,496      303,951        64,644       238,539       153,964

28       BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
5 Our capital structure




                                                                                                                  First preferred shares

                                   Series AF      Series AG        Series AH         Series AI       Series AJ          Series AK      Series AL       Series AM     Series AN     Series AO (1)     Series AQ
                                 (BCE.PR.F)     (BCE.PR.G)       (BCE.PR.H)        (BCE.PR.I)      (BCE.PR.J)         (BCE.PR.K)     (BCE.PR.L)      (BCE.PR.M)    (BCE.PR.N)    (BCE.PR.O)        (BCE.PR.Q)

January 2022
High                               $21.830         $21.950          $21.370         $21.530          $21.290            $20.280            $19.000     $20.840       $19.950       $25.450           $25.000
Low                                $20.930         $20.500          $20.180         $20.400          $20.410            $19.350            $18.250     $19.700       $19.110       $25.010           $24.150
Volume                               72,228        127,432            49,662        718,359            82,240           594,395             58,675     136,430        39,201         52,553          167,746

February 2022
High                               $21.500         $20.980          $21.000         $20.740          $21.000            $19.610            $19.000     $20.200       $19.440       $25.940           $24.900
Low                                $20.270         $19.160          $20.090         $19.310          $20.150            $17.900            $17.800     $18.470       $18.900       $24.970           $23.810
Volume                              81,678         247,410           31,267         106,642          175,629            242,541             48,925      44,082        10,136       137,151            68,099

March 2022
High                               $20.400         $19.780          $20.450         $19.470          $20.370            $18.370            $18.010     $18.900       $19.000       $25.000           $24.300
Low                                $19.250         $18.350          $18.950         $18.320          $19.020            $16.860            $17.010     $17.470       $17.550       $24.970           $22.700
Volume                             125,174          63,190            24,529          95,891         301,657            322,078             54,913     103,709        13,959       260,652           282,009

April 2022
High                               $20.210         $19.180          $20.150         $19.110          $20.080            $17.700            $17.900     $18.190       $18.750            N/A          $24.160
Low                                $17.860         $16.000          $17.280         $16.150          $17.120            $15.500            $16.400     $15.600       $17.000            N/A          $21.450
Volume                             165,091          64,915          140,600           76,177           81,412           196,118             53,150     123,779        19,068            N/A           96,405

May 2022
High                               $18.970         $16.990          $18.930         $16.930          $18.930            $16.700            $16.930     $17.470       $17.960            N/A          $23.100
Low                                $17.410         $15.960          $18.040         $15.870          $18.040            $15.310            $16.000     $15.590       $17.000            N/A          $21.160
Volume                             111,044         118,966           62,195          73,366           22,054            177,758              4,600      86,194         8,076            N/A          136,314

June 2022
High                               $19.350         $17.710          $19.580         $17.510          $19.550            $17.470            $17.500     $18.210       $18.500            N/A          $24.000
Low                                $17.260         $15.560          $18.500         $15.750          $18.520            $14.810            $16.000     $15.210       $16.600            N/A          $21.640
Volume                               85,739        125,889            23,243        121,820            59,746           215,120              7,346      93,738        12,918            N/A          167,738

July 2022
High                               $17.700         $16.140          $18.750         $15.960          $18.900            $15.230            $16.650     $15.670       $17.300            N/A          $22.070
Low                                $16.100         $15.110          $17.420         $15.010          $17.390            $14.270            $15.900     $14.550       $16.560            N/A          $20.020
Volume                               73,637        107,416          105,959         142,748            55,680           248,762             15,100      77,414          7,459           N/A          159,680

August 2022
High                               $17.560         $16.650          $19.000         $16.920          $19.000            $16.100            $17.650     $16.530       $18.670            N/A          $21.990
Low                                $16.500         $15.620          $17.550         $15.560          $17.660            $14.890            $16.280     $15.250       $16.750            N/A          $20.300
Volume                             141,017         155,347           73,212          44,171           44,446            414,566              3,800     158,271        25,823            N/A           71,946

September 2022
High                               $17.050         $16.620          $19.120         $17.180          $19.020            $15.670            $17.750     $16.050       $18.350            N/A          $21.750
Low                                $15.540         $14.580          $17.450         $14.610          $17.650            $13.810            $16.040     $14.310       $16.540            N/A          $19.600
Volume                             107,452          91,408           78,195          66,202           26,622            309,931              7,514      44,070        50,998            N/A          155,553

October 2022
High                               $15.890         $15.300          $18.310         $15.140          $18.310            $14.270            $17.090     $14.970       $17.390            N/A          $20.870
Low                                $14.970         $14.080          $17.640         $14.150          $17.550            $13.390            $15.850     $13.760       $16.440            N/A          $19.150
Volume                             161,244          65,761            30,374          53,602         258,145            618,792             19,900     519,033        16,810            N/A           58,072

November 2022
High                               $15.990         $15.120          $18.300         $15.110          $18.240            $14.690            $16.610     $15.000       $17.730            N/A          $20.140
Low                                $15.200         $14.330          $17.720         $14.320          $17.810            $13.770            $16.360     $14.120       $17.020            N/A          $19.350
Volume                               91,104        206,195            76,115        727,669          140,659            543,171              6,700     143,951        18,500            N/A          139,598

December 2022
High                               $16.750         $15.750          $18.530         $15.740          $18.550            $14.700            $16.640     $14.880       $17.600            N/A          $19.900
Low                                $15.700         $14.900          $17.970         $14.750          $18.000            $13.760            $15.610     $14.110       $16.610            N/A          $18.920
Volume                             156,267          71,671          147,217          48,089          220,388            431,058             46,750     202,007        12,400            N/A          177,572


(1) On March 31, 2022, BCE redeemed all of its outstanding Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares, Series AO.

                                                                                                                                                       BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                 29
6 Dividends and dividend payout policy


6            Dividends and dividend payout policy
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to BCE’s                                      generational investments in our networks to support the buildout of our fibre,
dividend growth objective, 2023 annualized common share dividend and                                               5G and 5G+ network infrastructure. As a result, BCE’s dividend payout ratio is
dividend payout ratio level, anticipated capital expenditures and network                                          expected to remain above our target policy range in 2023. For additional
deployment plans. Refer to section 1, Caution regarding forward-looking                                            information, refer to section 1.4, Capital markets strategy of the BCE 2022
statements in this Annual Information Form.                                                                        MD&A, on pages 19 to 21 of the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report.
The BCE Board reviews from time to time the adequacy of BCE’s common                                               BCE’s dividend payout policy, increases in the common share dividend and the
share dividend payout policy. BCE’s common share dividend payout policy is                                         declaration of dividends are subject to the discretion of the BCE Board and,
currently set to a target dividend payout ratio (1) of 65% to 75% of free cash                                     consequently, there can be no guarantee that BCE’s dividend payout policy will
flow (1). Our objective is to seek to achieve dividend growth while maintaining                                    be maintained, that the dividend on common shares will be increased, or that
our dividend payout ratio within the target range and balancing our strategic                                      dividends will be declared. Dividend increases and the declaration of dividends
business priorities, including continuing to invest in strategic wireline and                                      by the BCE Board are ultimately dependent on BCE’s operations and financial
wireless network infrastructure and maintaining investment-grade credit                                            results, which are in turn subject to various assumptions and risks, including
ratings. As at December 31, 2022, our dividend payout ratio was 108%,                                              those outlined in section 1, Caution regarding forward-looking statements of
compared to 105% at December 31, 2021, which is higher than our policy                                             this Annual Information Form.
range due to a planned acceleration in capital expenditures. Although capital
expenditures are expected to decrease in 2023, they will remain elevated
compared to pre-2020 annual levels as we continue to make

The table below describes the increases in BCE’s annualized common share dividend starting with the quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2020.
Date of announcement                                Amount of increase                                                                               Effective date
February 6, 2020                                    5.0% (from $3.17 per share to $3.33 per share)                                                   Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2020
February 4, 2021                                    5.1% (from $3.33 per share to $3.50 per share)                                                   Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2021
February 3, 2022                                    5.1% (from $3.50 per share to $3.68 per share)                                                   Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2022
February 2, 2023                                    5.2% (from $3.68 per share to $3.87 per share)                                                   Quarterly dividend payable on April 17, 2023

Dividends on BCE’s first preferred shares are, if declared, payable quarterly, except for dividends on Series S, Series Y, Series AB, Series AD, Series AE, Series
AH and Series AJ first preferred shares, which, if declared, are payable monthly.
The table below shows the amount of cash dividends declared per BCE common share and per Series R, Series S, Series T, Series Y, Series Z, Series AA, Series
AB, Series AC, Series AD, Series AE, Series AF, Series AG, Series AH, Series AI, Series AJ, Series AK, Series AL, Series AM, Series AN, Series AO and Series
AQ first preferred share for 2022, 2021 and 2020.
                                                                                                                                                                          2022                    2021                    2020

Common shares                                                                                                                                                            $3.68                  $3.50                    $3.33
First preferred shares
     Series R                                                                                                                                                         $0.75450              $0.75450                $0.96300
     Series S                                                                                                                                                         $1.11611              $0.67884                $0.66019
     Series T                                                                                                                                                         $1.24750              $0.87794                $0.75475
     Series Y                                                                                                                                                         $1.11611              $0.58530                $0.66019
     Series Z                                                                                                                                                         $1.06613              $0.97600                 $0.97600
     Series AA                                                                                                                                                        $1.06876              $0.90252                $0.90252
     Series AB                                                                                                                                                        $1.11611              $0.61248                $0.66019
     Series AC                                                                                                                                                        $1.09500              $1.09500                $1.09500
     Series AD                                                                                                                                                        $1.11611              $0.61248                $0.66019
     Series AE                                                                                                                                                        $1.11611              $0.61248                $0.66019
     Series AF                                                                                                                                                        $0.96625              $0.96625                $0.96625
     Series AG                                                                                                                                                        $0.84250              $0.80688                 $0.70000
     Series AH                                                                                                                                                        $1.11611              $0.61248                 $0.66019
     Series AI                                                                                                                                                        $0.84750              $0.76751                 $0.68750
     Series AJ                                                                                                                                                        $1.11611              $0.61248                 $0.66019
     Series AK                                                                                                                                                        $0.82650              $0.73850                 $0.73850
     Series AL                                                                                                                                                        $0.81844              $0.49935                 $0.70180
     Series AM                                                                                                                                                        $0.73475              $0.72382                 $0.69100
     Series AN                                                                                                                                                        $0.87094              $0.55186                $0.75445
     Series AO (2)                                                                                                                                                    $0.26625              $1.06500                $1.06500
     Series AQ                                                                                                                                                        $1.20300              $1.20300                $1.20300

(1) Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and dividend payout ratio is a non-GAAP ratio. These financial measures do not have any standardized meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
    Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. Dividend payout ratio is calculated by dividing dividends paid on common shares by free cash flow. Refer to section 11, Non-GAAP
    financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) of the BCE 2022 MD&A, on pages 105 to 110 of the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report for more information on these measures including, in
    the case of free cash flow, a reconciliation to cash flows from operating activities, being the most directly comparable IFRS financial measure.
(2) On March 31, 2022, BCE redeemed all of its outstanding Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares, Series AO.

30         BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
7 Our directors and executive officers


7           Our directors and executive officers
7.1 Directors
The table below lists BCE’s directors, where they lived, the date they were elected or appointed and their principal occupation on March 2, 2023.
Under BCE’s by-laws, each director holds office until the earlier of the next annual shareholder meeting or his or her resignation.
Name, province/state                            Date elected or appointed
and country of residence                        to the BCE board                      Principal occupation on March 2, 2023

Mirko Bibic,                                    January 2020                          President and Chief Executive Officer, BCE and Bell Canada, since January 2020
Ontario, Canada

David F. Denison, FCPA, FCA,                    October 2012                          Corporate director, since June 2012, and Chartered Professional Accountant
Ontario, Canada

Robert P. Dexter,                               November 2014                         Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Maritime Travel Inc. (an integrated travel company), since
Nova Scotia, Canada                                                                   July 1979

Katherine Lee,                                  August 2015                           Corporate director, since March 2018, and Chartered Professional Accountant
Ontario, Canada

Monique F. Leroux, C.M., O.Q., FCPA, FCA,       April 2016                            Corporate director, since April 2016, and Chartered Professional Accountant
Québec, Canada

Sheila A. Murray,                               May 2020                              Corporate director, since April 2019
Ontario, Canada

Gordon M. Nixon,                                November 2014                         Chair of the board of directors, BCE and Bell Canada, since April 2016, and corporate director, since
Ontario, Canada                                                                       September 2014

Louis P. Pagnutti, FCPA, FCA,                   November 2020                         Corporate director, since September 2020, and Chartered Professional Accountant
Ontario, Canada

Calin Rovinescu, C.M.,                          April 2016                            Corporate director, since February 2021
Ontario, Canada

Karen Sheriff,                                  April 2017                            Corporate director, since October 2016
Ontario, Canada

Robert C. Simmonds,                             May 2011                              Chair, Lenbrook Corporation (a national distributor of electronics components and radio products),
Ontario, Canada                                                                       since April 2002

Jennifer Tory, C.M.,                            April 2021                            Corporate director, since December 2019
Ontario, Canada

Louis Vachon, C.M., O.Q.,                       October 2022                          Operating Partner, J.C. Flowers & Co. (a private investment firm), since January 2022
Québec, Canada

Cornell Wright,                                 April 2021                            President, Wittington Investments, Limited (the principal holding company of the George Weston,
Ontario, Canada                                                                       Loblaw and Choice Properties group), since May 2021



Past occupation
All of BCE’s directors have held the positions listed above or other senior management positions with the same or associated firms or organizations during the past
five years or longer, except for the directors listed below.
Name                                            Past occupation

Katherine Lee                                   Chief Executive Officer of 3 Angels Holdings Limited (a real estate holding company), from 2016 to March 2018
Sheila A. Murray                                President of CI Financial Corp. (an investment fund company), from 2016 to March 2019
Louis P. Pagnutti, FCPA, FCA                    Global Managing Partner of Ernst & Young (EY) (a professional services firm), from 2013 to September 2020
Calin Rovinescu, C.M.                           President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Canada (an airline company), from April 2009 to February 2021
Jennifer Tory, C.M.                             Chief Administrative Officer of Royal Bank of Canada (a chartered bank), from 2017 to December 2019
Louis Vachon, C.M., O.Q.                        Chief Executive Officer of the National Bank of Canada (a chartered bank), from June 2007 to November 2021
Cornell Wright                                  Partner of Torys LLP (a law firm), from 2009 to April 2021

                                                                                                                                  BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                       31
7 Our directors and executive officers

Committees of the BCE board
The table below lists the committees of the BCE Board and their members on March 2, 2023.
Committee                                Members

Audit                                    Louis P. Pagnutti (Chair)
                                         Katherine Lee, Monique F. Leroux, Jennifer Tory, Cornell Wright

Corporate Governance                     Monique F. Leroux (Chair)
                                         David F. Denison, Katherine Lee, Karen Sheriff, Robert C. Simmonds, Cornell Wright

Management Resources                     David F. Denison (Chair)
and Compensation                         Robert P. Dexter, Sheila A. Murray, Calin Rovinescu, Jennifer Tory, Louis Vachon

Risk and Pension Fund                    Calin Rovinescu (Chair)
                                         Robert P. Dexter, Sheila A. Murray, Louis P. Pagnutti, Karen Sheriff, Robert C. Simmonds, Louis Vachon




7.2 Executive officers
On January 31, 2023, John Watson, Group President, Customer Experience and AI, took on an expanded role as Group President, Business Markets, Customer
Experience and AI, following the retirement of Bell Business Markets President Tom Little.
The table below lists BCE’s and Bell Canada’s executive officers, where they lived and the office they held at BCE and/or Bell Canada on March 2, 2023.
Name                                     Province and country of residence                Office held at BCE/Bell Canada

Mirko Bibic                              Ontario, Canada                                  President and Chief Executive Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)
Claire Gillies                           Ontario, Canada                                  Executive Vice President Marketing and President, Consumer (Bell Canada)
Stephen Howe                             Ontario, Canada                                  Chief Technology and Information Officer (Bell Canada)
Blaik Kirby                              Ontario, Canada                                  Group President, Consumer and Small & Medium Business (SMB) (Bell Canada)
Glen LeBlanc                             Nova Scotia, Canada                              Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)
Devorah Lithwick                         Ontario, Canada                                  Senior Vice President and Chief Brand Officer (Bell Canada)
Robert Malcolmson                        Ontario, Canada                                  Executive Vice President and Chief Legal & Regulatory Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)
Nikki Moffat                             Ontario, Canada                                  Executive Vice President, Corporate Services and Chief Human Resources Officer (BCE and Bell
                                                                                          Canada)
Karine Moses                             Québec, Canada                                   Senior Vice President, Content Development & News and Vice Chair, Québec (Bell Canada)
Wade Oosterman                           Ontario, Canada                                  President, Bell Media and Vice Chair (BCE and Bell Canada)
John Watson                              Ontario, Canada                                  Group President, Business Markets, Customer Experience & AI (Bell Canada)


All of our executive officers have held their present positions or other senior management positions with BCE or Bell Canada during the past five years or longer.



7.3 Directors’ and executive officers’ share ownership
As at December 31, 2022, BCE’s directors and executive officers elected or appointed at such date as a group beneficially owned, or exercised control or direction
over, directly or indirectly, 539,646 common shares (or less than 0.1%) of BCE.
32        BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
8 Legal proceedings


8         Legal proceedings
In the ordinary course of our business, we become involved in various claims       Intellectual property infringement lawsuits
and legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. In
particular, because of the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are          concerning IPTV, satellite TV and/or Crave
exposed to class actions pursuant to which substantial monetary damages            systems
may be claimed. This section describes important legal proceedings in which        On January 19, 2018, a patent infringement claim was filed in the Federal Court
we were involved as at March 2, 2023 or which were concluded in 2022. This         against BCE Inc., Bell Canada, Bell Aliant Regional Communications Inc., Bell
list is not comprehensive and we are involved in a number of other legal           MTS Inc. and NorthernTel, Limited Partnership by Rovi Guides, Inc. and Tivo
proceedings. Due to the inherent risks and uncertainties of the litigation         Solutions Inc. (Tivo). The claim alleges that the defendants, through their
process, we cannot predict the final outcome or timing of claims and legal         manufacture, distribution, sale and use of certain features of their IPTV
proceedings. Subject to the foregoing, and based on information currently          systems, have infringed, and induced users to infringe, on six patents variously
available and management’s assessment of the merits of the claims and legal        owned by the plaintiffs (the two Tivo patents were subsequently withdrawn). In
proceedings pending at March 2, 2023, management believes that the                 addition to declaratory and injunctive relief, the plaintiffs seek damages in the
ultimate resolution of these claims and legal proceedings is unlikely to have a    form of unpaid royalties in relation to the defendants’ revenues from their IPTV
material and negative effect on our financial statements or operations. We         services or an accounting of the defendants’ profits. Following a trial on the
believe that we have strong defences and we intend to vigorously defend our        merits of the liability phase, on October 7, 2022, the trial judge delivered a
positions.                                                                         judgment completely in the defendants’ favour, dismissing all of the plaintiffs’
                                                                                   claims and invalidating all four of the remaining patents. On November 7, 2022,
Purported class action and lawsuits concerning                                     the plaintiffs filed an appeal from the trial decision with the Federal Court of
neighbourhood marketing practices                                                  Appeal.
On November 24, 2021, an application for authorization to institute a class        On July 27, 2021, a further claim was filed in the Federal Court by Rovi Guides,
action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell Canada on behalf        Inc. (TiVo LLC was later added as a plaintiff) against BCE Inc., Bell Canada,
of all consumers in Québec who subscribed to or renewed a services contract        Bell Media Inc., Bell ExpressVu Limited Partnership, NorthernTel, Limited
with Bell Canada at their homes through a neighbourhood marketing agent or         Partnership and certain third-party suppliers alleging infringement of a different
outside a permanent Bell Canada retail location from June 23, 2018 to the          set of four patents from the action noted above. The claim alleges that the
date of final judgment. The plaintiff alleges that Bell Canada’s neighbourhood     defendants, through their manufacture, distribution, sale and use of certain
marketing process violates the Québec Consumer Protection Act (QPCA) and           features of their IPTV, satellite TV and OTT Crave systems, have infringed, and
the Civil Code of Québec. The plaintiff further alleges that Bell Canada           induced users to infringe, on four patents owned by the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs
conducts these practices in bad faith. The action seeks punitive damages of        seek similar damages as in the 2018 action.
$1,000 per class member. The action has not yet been authorized as a class
action.                                                                            Class actions concerning service fee modifications
On September 21, 2018, a claim was filed in the Québec Superior Court              On November 27, 2015, an application for authorization to institute a class
against Bell Canada for damages and for injunctive relief by Vidéotron Ltée        action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell Canada, Bell
(Vidéotron). The claim alleges that Bell Canada pursues itinerant merchant         ExpressVu and Bell Mobility on behalf of all consumers whose monthly fees for
activities in Québec without complying with the requirements of the QPCA.          wireline telephone services, Internet services, Fibe TV services, satellite TV
The claim estimates damages at $78.5 million. Vidéotron is also seeking an         services or wireless postpaid services were unilaterally modified at any time
injunction ordering Bell Canada to obtain a permit and comply with the             since November 2012. The plaintiff alleges that the notices provided by the
provisions of the QCPA governing itinerant merchants. On January 8, 2019,          defendants of the price increases were not compliant with the QCPA. The
Cogeco Connexion Inc. (Cogeco) filed a claim in damages and for injunctive         action seeks the reimbursement, since November 2012, of the monthly price
relief against Bell Canada in the Québec Superior Court, which is similar to       increases, and payment of punitive damages in the amount of $100 per class
the Vidéotron claim referred to above. The claim estimates damages at              member. On July 10, 2017, the court authorized the action to proceed as a
$9.2 million.                                                                      class action.
                                                                                   On December 12, 2018, another application for authorization to institute a class
Claim under the Copyright Act                                                      action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against regional subsidiaries
On July 5, 2021, a statement of claim was filed in the Federal Court against       Télébec, Limited Partnership and Cablevision du Nord de Québec Inc. on
Bell Canada (and the former Bell Aliant) by certain copyright owners including     behalf of all consumers and business entities whose monthly fees for wireline
Millennium Funding Inc. The claim alleges breach of the Copyright Act for          telephone services, Internet services, TV services or wireless postpaid services
failing to forward certain copyright infringement notices to Bell customers. The   were unilaterally modified at any time since December 2015. The plaintiff
claim seeks $10,000 for each alleged failure, for a total of $397,910,000.         alleges that the notices provided by the defendants of the price increases were
                                                                                   not compliant under the QCPA and the Civil Code of Québec. The action seeks
                                                                                   the reimbursement, since December 2015, of the monthly price increases, and
                                                                                   payment of punitive damages in the amount of $100 per class member. In a
                                                                                   decision dated February 3, 2022, the court authorized the action to proceed as
                                                                                   a class action for the price increases that occurred between December 12,
                                                                                   2015 and November 2022.

                                                                                                                   BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM          33
8 Legal proceedings


Class action and purported class action                                            On August 18, 2008, a similar statement of claim (the Second Rounding-Up
                                                                                   Action) was filed against Bell Mobility in the same court on behalf of all
concerning relevant advertisements initiative                                      Canadian Bell Mobility customers who, since July 2002, have had their wireless
On April 14 and 16, 2015, respectively, an application for authorization to        airtime rounded up to the next full minute. The action alleges misrepresentation
institute a class action was filed against Bell Canada and Bell Mobility in the    and breach of contract and seeks reimbursement of all amounts received by
Québec Superior Court and a statement of claim was filed against Bell              Bell Mobility as a result of the rounded-up portion of per minute charges for
Canada and Bell Mobility pursuant to the Class Proceedings Act (Ontario) in        wireless airtime, alleged to be general damages of $500 million and punitive
the Ontario Superior Court (collectively, the Actions). The plaintiffs seek        damages of $20 million. The Second Rounding-Up Action was certified as a
damages for breach of contract, breach of applicable consumer protection           class action on November 25, 2014, for the period between August 18, 2006
legislation, breach of the Civil Code of Québec, intrusion upon seclusion,         and October 1, 2009.
negligence, breach of confidence, unjust enrichment and waiver of tort
resulting from Bell Canada’s and Bell Mobility’s alleged unauthorized use and      Purported class action concerning “911 fees”
disclosure of personal information pursuant to the Relevant Advertisements
Initiative. Unspecified punitive damages are also sought in both actions. On       On June 26, 2008, a statement of claim was filed under The Class Actions Act
November 16, 2017, the court stayed the Québec action. On May 13, 2019,            (Saskatchewan) in the Saskatchewan Court of Queen’s Bench against a
the Ontario Superior Court certified the Ontario action as a national class        number of communications service providers, including Bell Mobility and its
action against Bell Mobility for the period between November 16, 2013 and          predecessors Bell MTS Inc. and Bell Aliant LP, on behalf of certain alleged
April 14, 2015.                                                                    customers (the action also named BCE Inc. and Bell Canada as defendants but
                                                                                   they were removed). The statement of claim alleges, among other things,
                                                                                   breach of contract and duty to inform, deceit, misrepresentation, unjust
Class actions concerning increase to late                                          enrichment, breaches of provincial consumer protection legislation and the
payment charges                                                                    Competition Act, and collusion in connection with certain “911 fees” invoiced by
On October 28, 2010, an application for authorization to institute a class         communications service providers to their customers. The plaintiffs seek
action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell Canada and Bell         unspecified damages, punitive damages and an accounting and constructive
Mobility on behalf of all physical persons and companies of 50 employees or        trust of the “911 fees” collected. The action seeks certification of a national
less in Canada who were billed late payment charges since June 2010. The           class encompassing all customers of communications service providers,
plaintiffs allege that the increase by Bell Canada and Bell Mobility of the late   wherever resident in Canada. The action has not yet been certified as a class
payment charge imposed on customers who fail to pay their invoices by the          action.
due date from 2% to 3% per month is invalid. The action seeks an order
requiring Bell Canada and Bell Mobility to repay all late payment charges in       Class action concerning wireless system
excess of 2% per month to the members of the class, in addition to general         access fees
and punitive damages. On December 16, 2011, the court authorized the
action but limited the class members to residents of the province of Québec        On August 9, 2004, a statement of claim was filed under The Class Actions Act
with respect to home phone, wireless and Internet services.                        (Saskatchewan) in the Saskatchewan Court of Queen’s Bench against a
                                                                                   number of wireless communications service providers, including Bell Mobility
On January 10, 2012, another application for the authorization to institute an     and its predecessors Bell MTS Inc. and Bell Aliant LP, on behalf of certain
identical class action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell         alleged customers. This statement of claim alleges, among other things, breach
ExpressVu with respect to TV services, later amended to add Bell Canada as         of contract and duty to inform, deceit, misrepresentation, unjust enrichment and
defendant. On December 19, 2014, the court authorized this action to               collusion in connection with certain system access fees and system licensing
proceed as a class action.                                                         charges invoiced by wireless communications service providers to their
                                                                                   customers. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified general and punitive
Class action and purported class action                                            damages. On September 17, 2007, the court granted certification, on the
                                                                                   grounds of unjust enrichment only, of a national class encompassing all
concerning rounding-up of minutes                                                  customers of the defendant wireless communications service providers,
On July 25, 2008, a statement of claim was filed pursuant to the                   wherever resident in Canada, on the basis of an opt-out class in Saskatchewan
Class Proceedings Act (Ontario) in the Ontario Superior Court against BCE          and an opt-in class elsewhere in Canada.
Inc. on behalf of all its residential long distance customers in Canada who,
since July 2002, have had their call times rounded up to the next full minute      Other
for billing purposes (the First Rounding-Up Action). The action alleged
misrepresentation and sought reimbursement of all amounts received by BCE          We are subject to other claims and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of
Inc. as a result of the rounded-up portion of per minute charges for residential   our current and past operations, including class actions, employment-related
long distance calls, namely general damages of $20 million, costs of               disputes, contract disputes, competitor disputes and customer disputes. In
$1 million for administration and $5 million in punitive damages. On May 3,        some claims and legal proceedings, the claimant seeks damages as well as
2022, the Ontario Superior Court dismissed the First Rounding-Up Action and        other relief which, if granted, could require substantial expenditures on our part
therefore it is now concluded.                                                     or could result in changes to our business practices.


34      BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
9 Interest of management and others in material transactions
10 Interest of experts
11 Transfer agent and registrar
12 For more information


9          Interest of management and others
           in material transactions
To the best of our knowledge, there have been no current or nominated directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of a current or nominated director
or executive officer with a material interest in any transaction within the three most recently completed financial years or during the current financial year that has
materially affected us or is reasonably expected to materially affect us.



10 Interest of experts
Deloitte LLP prepared the Report of independent registered public accounting firm in respect of our audited consolidated financial statements and the Report of
independent registered public accounting firm in respect of our internal control over financial reporting. Deloitte LLP is independent of BCE within the meaning of
the Code of Ethics of the Ordre des comptables professionnels agréés du Québec and within the meaning of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
applicable rules and regulations thereunder adopted by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).



11         Transfer agent and registrar
The transfer agent and registrar for the common shares and preferred shares of BCE in Canada is TSX Trust Company at its principal offices in Montréal, Québec;
Toronto, Ontario; Calgary, Alberta; and Vancouver, British Columbia; and in the U.S. is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC at its principal office in
Brooklyn, New York.
The register for Bell Canada’s Canadian unsubordinated debentures is kept at the principal office of BNY Trust Company of Canada (BNY) in Montréal, and
facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of the Canadian unsubordinated debentures are maintained at the principal offices of BNY in Montréal and Toronto.
The register for Bell Canada’s Canadian subordinated debentures is kept at the principal office of BNY in Montréal, and facilities for registration, exchange and
transfer of the Canadian subordinated debentures are maintained at the principal offices of BNY in Montréal and Toronto.
The register for Bell MTS Inc.’s notes assumed by Bell Canada is kept at the principal office of Computershare Trust Company of Canada (Computershare) in
Montréal, and facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of the notes are maintained at Computershare’s offices in Montréal, Toronto and Calgary.
The register for Bell Canada’s U.S. notes, issued pursuant to its 2016 U.S. trust indenture, is kept at the principal office of The Bank of New York Mellon in New
York, and facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of such U.S. notes are also maintained at the principal office of The Bank of New York Mellon in
New York.



12 For more information
This Annual Information Form as well as BCE’s annual and quarterly shareholder reports and news releases are available on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.
Additional information, including information about directors’ and officers’ remuneration and securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, is
contained in BCE’s management proxy circular for its most recent annual meeting of security holders that involved the election of directors.
Additional information relating to BCE is available on SEDAR at sedar.com and on EDGAR at sec.gov. Additional financial information is provided in BCE’s
audited consolidated financial statements and the related management’s discussion and analysis for BCE’s most recently completed financial year, contained in
the BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report. You may ask for a copy of the annual and quarterly management’s discussion and analysis of BCE by contacting the
Investor Relations group of BCE at Building A, 8th Floor, 1, Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3 or by sending an e-mail to
investor.relations@bce.ca.
Shareholder inquiries 1-800-561-0934
Investor relations    1-800-339-6353
                                                                                                                     BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM          35
13 Schedule 1 – Audit Committee information


13 Schedule 1 – Audit Committee information
The purpose of BCE’s Audit Committee (Audit Committee) is to assist the                                          Members’ financial literacy, expertise and
BCE Board in its oversight of:
                                                                                                                 simultaneous service
• the integrity of BCE’s financial statements and related information
                                                                                                                 Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related SEC rules, BCE is required
• BCE’s compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements                                             to disclose whether its Audit Committee members include at least one “audit
• the independence, qualifications and appointment of the external auditors                                      committee financial expert” as defined by these rules. In addition, National
                                                                                                                 Instrument 52-110 – Audit Committees and the NYSE governance rules
• the performance of both the external and internal auditors                                                     followed by BCE require that all audit committee members be “financially
• management’s responsibility for                     assessing        and      reporting      on     the        literate” and “independent”.
  effectiveness of internal controls                                                                             The BCE Board has determined that all the members of the Audit Committee
• BCE’s risk processes as they relate to financial reporting                                                     during 2022 were, and all current members of the Audit Committee are,
                                                                                                                 financially literate and independent, and that the current Chair of the Audit
                                                                                                                 Committee, Mr. L.P. Pagnutti, as well as Ms. K. Lee and Ms. M.F. Leroux are
                                                                                                                 qualified as “audit committee financial experts”. The table below outlines the
                                                                                                                 relevant education and experience of all members of the Audit Committee,
                                                                                                                 whether during 2022 or currently(1).

Relevant education and experience
L.P. Pagnutti, FCPA, FCA                                    Mr. Pagnutti has been a director of BCE since November 2020 and is Chair of the Audit Committee since January 2021. Mr. Pagnutti is a
(Chair)                                                     corporate director and was Global Managing Partner Business Enablement of EY (a professional services firm) and a member of EY’s Global
                                                            Executive Board until his retirement in September 2020. As Global Managing Partner, he was responsible for EY’s business functions across the
                                                            globe. He oversaw EY’s strategy and its execution for all functions, including technology, finance, risk management, legal, shared services, and
                                                            procurement. Mr. Pagnutti joined EY Assurance in 1981, before moving to EY Tax in 1986. From 2004 until 2010, he was Chairman and Chief
                                                            Executive Officer of EY Canada and a member of the EY Americas Executive Board. He was EY Asia-Pacific Area Managing Partner from 2010
                                                            to 2013. Mr. Pagnutti holds an Honours Bachelor of Commerce degree from Laurentian University. He earned his Chartered Accountant
                                                            designation in 1983 and was honoured with a Fellow Chartered Accountant designation in 2006. He has served on the Sunnybrook Hospital
                                                            Foundation and Pathways to Education boards. Mr. Pagnutti initiated EY Canada’s role as National Volunteer Partner of Pathways to Education,
                                                            a program dedicated to helping high school students from low-income and under-represented groups complete high school and pursue post-
                                                            secondary education.
K. Lee                                                      Ms. Lee has been a director of BCE since August 2015. She is a corporate director and, from 2010 to February 2015, served as President and
                                                            Chief Executive Officer of GE Capital Canada (a leading global provider of financial and fleet management solutions to mid-market companies
                                                            operating in a broad range of economic sectors). Prior to this role, Ms. Lee served as Chief Executive Officer of GE Capital Real Estate in
                                                            Canada from 2002 to 2010, building it to a full debt and equity operating company. Ms. Lee joined GE in 1994, where she held a number of
                                                            positions, including Director, Mergers & Acquisitions, for GE Capital’s Pension Fund Advisory Services based in San Francisco, and Managing
                                                            Director of GE Capital Real Estate Korea based in Seoul and Tokyo. Ms. Lee earned a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of
                                                            Toronto. She is a Chartered Professional Accountant and Chartered Accountant. She is active in the community, championing women’s
                                                            networks and Asia- Pacific forums. Ms. Lee is a director of Colliers International Group and Public Sector Pension Investments.
M.F. Leroux,                                                Ms. Leroux has been a director of BCE since April 2016. Companion of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame and the Investment Industry Hall of
C.M., O.Q., FCPA, FCA                                       Fame, Ms. Leroux is a corporate director. She serves as an independent board member of global companies such as Michelin and Alimentation
                                                            Couche-Tard Inc., and Lallemand Inc. (a privately-owned company). She is also senior advisor (non executive) of Fiera Capital. As such, she
                                                            brings to these boards her diverse experience, among others as Partner at EY and Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Desjardins
                                                            Group from 2008 to 2016. In May 2020, she was appointed Chair of the Industry Strategy Council by the Minister of Innovation, Science and
                                                            Industry Canada. From 2016 to 2020, she was Chair of the Board of Investissement Québec and she has served as an independent board
                                                            member of S&P Global from 2016 to 2022. She is also vice-chair of the Orchestre symphonique de Montréal and Chair of the Conservatoire de
                                                            musique et d’Art dramatique du Québec. Ms. Leroux is a Member of the Order of Canada, an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec, a
                                                            Chevalier of the Légion d’honneur (France) and a recipient of the Woodrow Wilson Award (United States). She has been awarded Fellowship by
                                                            the Ordre des comptables professionnels agréés du Québec and the Institute of Corporate Directors and holds honourary doctorates from ten
                                                            Canadian universities in recognition of her contribution to the business sector and to the community.




(1) Though not listed in this table, director Ian Greenberg was a member of the Audit Committee until he passed away on January 10, 2022. No BCE Board or committee meetings were held in 2022 before this date.

36         BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
13 Schedule 1 – Audit Committee information

J. Tory, C.M.                                 Ms. Tory has been a director of BCE since April 2021. She is a corporate director who was, until her retirement in December 2019, the Chief
                                              Administrative Officer of RBC (a chartered bank), where she held responsibility for Brand, Marketing, Citizenship & Communications,
                                              Procurement and Real Estate functions globally. Prior to this role, she was Group Head, Personal & Commercial Banking, leading RBC’s retail
                                              and commercial customer businesses and operations in Canada and the Caribbean from 2014-2017. Throughout her 42-year career, Ms. Tory
                                              held a number of key senior operating positions across retail distribution and operations, including overseeing digital and cost transformation of
                                              the business. An acknowledged community leader and fundraiser, she currently sits on the Sunnybrook Hospital Foundation Board and recently
                                              completed her term on the board of the Toronto International Film Festival, the past five years as Chair. A champion of diversity, Ms. Tory is the
                                              recipient of numerous awards recognizing her work related to the advancement of women and advocacy for BIPOC and LGBTQ+ communities.
C. Wright                                     Mr. Wright has been a director of BCE since April 2021. Mr. Wright is President of Wittington Investments, Limited (the principal holding
                                              company of the Weston group of companies, which includes George Weston, Loblaw and Choice Properties). Mr. Wright joined Wittington in
                                              2021 following a 20-year career at Torys LLP (a law firm), where he was a leading corporate lawyer. He served as Chair of the firm’s Corporate
                                              Department and was co-head of the firm’s M&A Practice. As a lawyer, his practice has focused on M&A transactions, both public and private,
                                              and other critical situations. He played a lead role acting for some of Canada’s largest public and private companies in their most significant
                                              strategic matters. Mr. Wright has a broad range of experience in complex transactional, securities, family-controlled business, private equity,
                                              regulatory, governance, activism and compliance matters. He counselled boards of directors and board committees on corporate governance
                                              matters, crisis management and shareholder engagement issues. He is a Fellow of The American College of Governance Counsel. Mr. Wright is
                                              Chair of the Board of Directors of the National Ballet of Canada, a Trustee of University Health Network and Executive-in-Residence at the
                                              Rotman School of Management. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from McGill University and JD and MBA degrees from the University of
                                              Toronto.


The NYSE rules followed by BCE require that if an audit committee member                      In particular, the policy specifies that:
serves simultaneously on the audit committee of more than three public                        • the external auditors cannot be hired to provide any services falling within the
companies, the board of directors must determine and disclose that this                         prohibited services category, such as bookkeeping, financial information
simultaneous service does not impair the ability of the member to effectively                   system design and implementation, or legal services
serve on the Audit Committee. No Audit Committee member currently serves
simultaneously on the audit committee of more than three public companies.                    • for all audit and non-audit services falling within the permitted services
                                                                                                category (such as prospectus, due diligence and non-statutory audits), a
                                                                                                request for approval must be submitted to the Audit Committee prior to
Pre-approval policies and procedures                                                            engaging the external auditors
BCE’s Auditor Independence Policy is a comprehensive policy governing all                     • specific permitted services, however, are pre-approved annually and
aspects of our relationship with the external auditors, including:                              quarterly by the Audit Committee and consequently only require approval by
• establishing a process for determining whether various audit and other                        the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer prior to engaging
  services provided by the external auditors affect their independence                          the external auditors
• identifying the services that the external auditors may and may not provide                 • at each regularly scheduled Audit Committee meeting, a summary of all fees
  to BCE and its subsidiaries                                                                   billed by the external auditors by type of service is presented. This summary
                                                                                                includes the details of fees incurred within the pre-approval amounts.
• pre-approving all services to be provided by the external auditors of BCE
  and its subsidiaries                                                                        The Auditor Independence Policy is available in the governance section of
• establishing a process outlining procedures when hiring current or former                   BCE’s website at BCE.ca.
  personnel of the external auditors in a financial oversight role to ensure
  auditor independence is maintained.                                                         External auditors’ fees
                                                                                              The table below shows the fees that BCE’s external auditors, Deloitte LLP,
                                                                                              billed to BCE and its subsidiaries for various services in each of the past two
                                                                                              fiscal years.
                                                                                                                                                                              2022                           2021
                                                                                                                                                                   (in $ millions)                (in $ millions)
                                                                                              Audit fees (1)                                                                  9.8                            8.6
                                                                                              Audit-related fees (2)                                                          3.3                            2.9
                                                                                              Tax fees (3)                                                                    0.3                            0.4
                                                                                              All other fees (4)                                                              0.1                            0.1
                                                                                              Total (5)                                                                     13.5                           12.0

                                                                                              (1) These fees include professional services provided by the external auditors for statutory audits of the annual
                                                                                                  financial statements, the audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, the review of
                                                                                                  interim financial reports, the review of financial accounting and reporting matters, the review of securities
                                                                                                  offering documents and translation services.
                                                                                              (2) These fees relate to non-statutory audits and due diligence procedures, and other regulatory audits and
                                                                                                  filings.
                                                                                              (3) These fees include professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and assistance with tax audits.
                                                                                              (4) These fees include any other fees for permitted services not included in any of the above-stated categories.
                                                                                              (5) The amounts of $13.5 million for 2022 and $12.0 million for 2021 reflect fees billed in those fiscal years
                                                                                                  without taking into account the year to which those services relate. Total fees for services provided for each
                                                                                                  fiscal year amounted to $10.5 million in 2022 and $9.6 million in 2021.


                                                                                                                                           BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                               37
14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter


14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter
I.    Purpose                                                                                –     In addition to the role of the Audit Committee to make
                                                                                                   recommendations to the Board of Directors, where the
The purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its
                                                                                                   members of the Audit Committee consider that it is appropriate
oversight of:
                                                                                                   and in the best interest of the Corporation, the Corporation’s
A.    the integrity of the Corporation’s financial statements and related                          interim consolidated financial statements and the related
      information;                                                                                 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis”, the interim earnings
                                                                                                   press releases and the earnings guidance, may also be
B.    the Corporation’s compliance with applicable legal and regulatory                            approved on behalf of the Board of Directors by the Audit
      requirements;                                                                                Committee, provided that such approval is subsequently
                                                                                                   reported to the Board of Directors at its next meeting;
C.    the independence, qualifications and appointment of the shareholders’
      auditor;                                                                          b.   any audit issues raised by the shareholders’ auditor and
                                                                                             management’s response thereto, including any restrictions on the
D.    the performance of the Corporation’s shareholders’ auditor and internal                scope of the activities of the shareholders’ auditor or access to
      audit;                                                                                 requested information and any significant disagreements with
                                                                                             management.
E.    management responsibility for assessing and reporting on the
      effectiveness of internal controls; and                                      3.   Review and discuss reports from the shareholders’ auditor on:
F.    the Corporation’s risks as it relates to financial reporting.                     a.   all critical accounting policies and practices used by the Corporation;
                                                                                        b.   all material selections of accounting policies when there is a choice
II.   Duties and responsibilities                                                            of policies available under IFRS that have been discussed with
The Audit Committee shall perform the functions customarily performed by                     management, including the ramifications of the use of such
audit committees and any other functions assigned by the Board of Directors.                 alternative treatment and the alternative preferred by the
In particular, the Audit Committee shall have the following duties and                       shareholders’ auditor; and
responsibilities:
                                                                                        c.   other material written communications between the shareholders’
A.    Financial reporting and control                                                        auditor and management, and discuss such communication with the
                                                                                             shareholders’ auditor.
1.    On a quarterly and annual basis, review and discuss with management
      and the shareholders’ auditor the following:
                                                                                   B.   Oversight of the shareholders’ auditor
      a.     major issues regarding accounting principles and financial            1.   Be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and
             statement presentation, including any significant changes in the           oversight of the work of the shareholders’ auditor, who shall report directly
             Corporation’s selection or application of accounting principles or         to the Audit Committee, and any other auditor preparing or issuing an
             material related party transactions, and issues as to the adequacy         audit report or performing other audit services or attest services for the
             of the Corporation’s internal controls and any special audit steps         Corporation or any consolidated subsidiary of the Corporation, where
             adopted in light of material control deficiencies;                         required, and review, report and, where appropriate, provide
                                                                                        recommendations to the Board of Directors on the appointment, terms
      b.     analyses prepared by management and/or the shareholders’
                                                                                        and review of engagement, removal, independence and proposed fees of
             auditor setting forth significant financial reporting issues and
                                                                                        the shareholders’ auditor.
             judgements made in connection with the preparation of the
             financial statements, including the impact of selecting one of        2.   Approve in advance all audit, review or attest engagement fees and terms
             several International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and/or          for all audit, review or attest services to be provided by the shareholders’
             non IFRS measures on the financial statements when such a                  auditor to the Corporation and any consolidated subsidiary and any other
             selection has been made in the current reporting period;                   auditor preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit
                                                                                        services or attest services for the Corporation or any consolidated
      c.     the effect of regulatory and accounting developments, as well as
                                                                                        subsidiary of the Corporation, where required.
             off-balance sheet arrangements, on the financial statements of the
             Corporation; and                                                      3.   Pre-approve all engagements for permitted audit and non-audit services
                                                                                        to be provided by the shareholders’ auditor to the Corporation and any
      d.     the type and presentation of information to be included in earnings
                                                                                        consolidated subsidiary and to this effect may establish policies and
             press releases (including any use of pro-forma or non-IFRS
                                                                                        procedures for the engagement of the shareholders’ auditor to provide to
             information).
                                                                                        the Corporation and any consolidated subsidiary permitted non-audit
2.    Meet to review and discuss with management and the shareholders’                  services, which shall include approval in advance by the Audit Committee
      auditor, report and, where appropriate, provide recommendations to the            of all audit/review and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the
      Board of Directors on the following prior to its public disclosure:               shareholders’ auditor to the Corporation and any consolidated subsidiary.

      a.     the Corporation’s annual and interim consolidated financial
             statements and the related “Management’s Discussion and
             Analysis”, annual integrated report, Annual Information Forms,
             earnings press releases and earnings guidance provided to
             analysts and rating agencies and the integrity of the financial
             reporting of the Corporation;

38         BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter

4.    Delegate, if deemed appropriate, authority to the Chief Financial Officer     C.   Oversight of internal audit
      to grant pre-approvals of audit, review and permitted non-audit services,     1.   Review and discuss with the head of internal audit, report and, where
      provided that any such approvals shall be presented to the Audit                   appropriate, provide recommendations to the Board of Directors on the
      Committee at its next scheduled meeting.                                           following:
5.    Establish policies for the hiring of partners, employees and former                a.   the appointment and mandate of internal audit, including the
      partners and employees of the shareholders’ auditor.                                    responsibilities, budget and staffing of internal audit;
6.    At least annually, consider, assess, and report to the Board of Directors          b.   discuss with the head of internal audit the scope and performance of
      on:                                                                                     internal audit, including a review of the annual internal audit plan,
      a.   the independence, objectivity and professional skepticism of the                   and whether there are any restrictions or limitations on internal audit;
           shareholders’ auditor, including that the shareholders’ auditor’s                  and
           performance of permitted non-audit services does not impair the               c.   obtain periodic reports from the head of internal audit regarding
           shareholders’ auditor’s independence;                                              internal audit findings, including those related to the Corporation’s
      b.   obtaining from the shareholders’ auditor a written statement                       internal controls, and the Corporation’s progress in remedying any
           (i) delineating all relationships between the shareholders’ auditor                audit findings.
           and the Corporation; (ii) assuring that lead audit partner rotation is   2.   Meet periodically with the head of internal audit in the absence of
           carried out, as required by law; and (iii) delineating any other              management and the shareholders’ auditor.
           relationships that may adversely affect the independence of the
           shareholders’ auditor;
                                                                                    D.   Oversight of the corporation’s internal control system
      c.   the quality of the engagement team including the evaluation of the       1.   Review and discuss with management, the shareholders’ auditor and
           lead audit partner, taking into account the opinions of management            internal audit, monitor, report and, where appropriate, provide
           and internal audit; and                                                       recommendations to the Board of Directors on the following:
      d.   the quality of the communications and interactions with the external          a.   the Corporation’s systems of internal controls over financial
           auditor.                                                                           reporting;
7.    At least annually, obtain and review a report by the shareholders’ auditor         b.   the existence of any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      describing:                                                                             management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      a.   the shareholders’ auditor’s internal quality-control procedures;                   Corporation’s internal controls over financial reporting;

      b.   any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-               c.   compliance with the policies and practices of the Corporation
           control review, or peer review of the shareholders’ auditor firm, or               relating to business ethics and code of conduct;
           by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional               d.   compliance by Directors, Officers and other management personnel
           authorities, issued in the reporting year, respecting one or more                  with the Corporation’s Disclosure Policy; and
           independent audits carried out by the shareholders’ auditor firm in
           Canada and the United States, limited to the Public Company                   e.   the relationship of the Audit Committee with other committees of the
           Accounting Oversight Board, and any steps taken to deal with any                   Board of Directors, management and the Corporation’s consolidated
           such issues.                                                                       subsidiaries’ audit committees.
8.    At least every 5 years, unless the annual assessment indicates                2.   Review and discuss with the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
      otherwise, conduct a comprehensive review of the shareholders’ auditor             Officer of the Corporation the process for the certifications to be provided
      focussing on the firm and report to the Board of Directors on:                     in the Corporation’s public disclosure documents.
      a.   the independence, objectivity and professional skepticism of the         3.   Review,     monitor,   report,   and, where appropriate, provide
           shareholders’ auditor;                                                        recommendations to the Board of Directors on the Corporation’s
                                                                                         disclosure controls and procedures.
      b.   the quality of the engagement team; and
                                                                                    4.   Establish procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of
      c.   the quality of communications          and   interactions   with   the        complaints received by the Corporation regarding accounting, internal
           shareholders’ auditor.                                                        accounting controls or auditing matters, including procedures for
9.    Resolve any disagreement between management and the shareholders’                  confidential, anonymous submissions by employees regarding
      auditor regarding financial reporting.                                             questionable accounting or auditing matters.

10. Review the annual audit plan with the shareholders’ auditor.                    5.   Meet periodically with management in the absence of the shareholders’
                                                                                         auditor and internal audit.
11.   Meet periodically with the shareholders’ auditor in the absence of
      management and internal audit.                                                E.   Oversight of the corporation’s financial
                                                                                         reporting risks
                                                                                    1.   Review,     monitor,    report    and,   where       appropriate,     provide
                                                                                         recommendations to the Board of Directors on the Corporation’s
                                                                                         processes for identifying, assessing, mitigating, remedying and, where
                                                                                         required, reporting major risk exposures as it relates to financial reporting.

                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM            39
14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter

F.   Journalistic independence                                                        D.   In consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the Corporate Secretary’s
                                                                                           Office and the Board Chair, determine the frequency, dates and locations
1.   Consider and approve, on recommendation from the Chief Executive                      of meetings of the Audit Committee;
     Officer, the appointment and termination of the Vice President
     responsible for CTV News and the Vice President responsible for Noovo            E.   In consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer,
     News.                                                                                 the Corporate Secretary’s Office and, as required, other Officers, review
                                                                                           the annual work plan and the meeting agendas to ensure all required
2.   At least annually, obtain and review reports regarding compliance with                business is brought before the Audit Committee to enable it to efficiently
     the Corporation’s Journalistic Independence Policy by each of the Vice                carry out its duties and responsibilities;
     President responsible for CTV News and the Vice President responsible
     for Noovo News.                                                                  F.   Ensure, in consultation with the Board Chair, that all items requiring the
                                                                                           Audit Committee’s approval are appropriately tabled;
G.   Compliance with legal requirements                                               G.   Ensure the proper flow of information to the Audit Committee and review,
1.   Review and discuss with management, the shareholders’ auditor and                     with the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Corporate
     internal audit, monitor, report and, when appropriate, provide                        Secretary’s Office and, as required, other Officers, the adequacy and
     recommendation to the Board of Directors on the adequacy of the                       timing of materials in support of management’s proposals;
     Corporation’s process for complying with laws and regulations.
                                                                                      H.   Report to the Board of Directors on the matters reviewed by, and on any
2.   Receive, on a periodic basis, reports from the Corporation’s Chief Legal              decisions or recommendations of, the Audit Committee at the next
     Officer, with respect to the Corporation’s pending or threatened material             meeting of the Board of Directors following any meeting of the Audit
     litigation.                                                                           Committee; and
                                                                                      I.   Carry out any special assignments or any functions as requested by the
III. Evaluation of the Audit Committee and report                                          Board of Directors.
     to Board of Directors
A.   The Audit Committee shall evaluate and review with the Corporate                 VII. Term
     Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, on an annual basis,              The members of the Audit Committee shall be appointed or changed by resolution of
     the performance of the Audit Committee.                                          the Board of Directors to hold office from the time of their appointment until the next
B.   The Audit Committee shall review and discuss with the Corporate                  annual general meeting of the shareholders or until their successors are so
     Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, on an annual basis,              appointed.
     the adequacy of the Audit Committee charter.
                                                                                      VIII. Procedures for meetings
C.   The Audit Committee shall report to the Board of Directors periodically
     on the Audit Committee’s activities.                                             The Audit Committee shall fix its own procedure at meetings and for the calling of
                                                                                      meetings. The Audit Committee shall meet separately in executive session in the
                                                                                      absence of management, internal audit and the shareholders’ auditor, at each
IV. Outside advisors                                                                  regularly scheduled meeting.
The Audit Committee shall have the authority to engage outside counsel and other
outside advisors as it deems appropriate to assist the Audit Committee in the         IX. Quorum and voting
performance of its functions. The Corporation shall provide appropriate funding for
such advisors as determined by the Audit Committee.                                   Unless otherwise determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of
                                                                                      Directors, two members of the Audit Committee shall constitute a quorum for the
                                                                                      transaction of business at a meeting. For any meeting(s) at which the Audit
V.   Membership                                                                       Committee Chair is absent, the Chair of the meeting shall be the person present who
The Audit Committee shall consist of such number of directors, in no event to be      shall be decided upon by all members present. At a meeting, any question shall be
less than three, as the Board of Directors may from time to time by resolution        decided by a majority of the votes cast by members of the Audit Committee, except
determine. The members of the Audit Committee shall meet the independence,            where only two members are present, in which case any question shall be decided
experience and other membership requirements under applicable laws, rules and         unanimously.
regulations as determined by the Board of Directors.
                                                                                      X.   Secretary
VI. Audit Committee Chair                                                             Unless otherwise determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, the Corporate
The Chair of the Audit Committee shall be appointed by the Board of                   Secretary of the Corporation or the Corporate Secretary’s delegate shall be the
Directors. The Chair of the Audit Committee leads the Audit Committee in all          Secretary of the Audit Committee.
aspects of its work and is responsible to effectively manage the affairs of the
Audit Committee and ensure that it is properly organized and functions                XI. Vacancies
efficiently. More specifically, the Chair of the Audit Committee shall:
                                                                                      Vacancies at any time occurring shall be filled by resolution of the Board of Directors.
A.   Provide leadership to enable the Audit Committee to act effectively in
     carrying out its duties and responsibilities as described elsewhere in this
     charter and as otherwise may be appropriate;                                     XII. Records
                                                                                      The Audit Committee shall keep such records as it may deem necessary of its
B.   In consultation with the Board Chair and the Chief Executive Officer,            proceedings and shall report regularly its activities and recommendations to the
     ensure that there is an effective relationship between management and            Board of Directors as appropriate.
     the members of the Audit Committee;
C.   Chair meetings of the Audit Committee;

40      BCE INC. 2022 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
BCE.CA
                                                                                                                                          Exhibit 99.2
MD&A


Management’s discussion and analysis
Table of contents
1   Overview                                                          12   5   Business segment analysis                                         53
    1.1    Introduction                                               12       5.1    Bell Wireless                                              53
    1.2    About BCE                                                  14       5.2    Bell Wireline                                              57
    1.3    Key corporate developments                                 18       5.3    Bell Media                                                 62
    1.4    Capital markets strategy                                   19       5.4    Segmented business outlook, assumptions and risks          65
    1.5    Corporate governance and risk management                   22
    1.6    Capitals and our corporate responsibility                  25   6   Financial and capital management                                  70
                                                                               6.1    Net debt                                                   70
2   Strategic imperatives                                             33       6.2    Outstanding share data                                     71
    2.1    Build the best networks                                    33       6.3    Cash flows                                                 71
    2.2    Drive growth with innovative services                      33       6.4    Post-employment benefit plans                              73
    2.3    Deliver the most compelling content                        34       6.5    Financial risk management                                  74
    2.4    Champion customer experience                               35       6.6    Credit ratings                                             77
    2.5    Operate with agility and cost efficiency                   35       6.7    Liquidity                                                  77
    2.6    Engage and invest in our people and create a sustainable            6.8    Litigation                                                 79
           future                                                     36
                                                                           7   Selected annual and quarterly information                         80
3   Performance targets, outlook,                                              7.1    Annual financial information                               80
    assumptions and risks                                             37       7.2    Quarterly financial information                            83
    3.1    BCE 2022 performance vs. guidance targets                  37                                                                         86
    3.2    Business outlook and assumptions                           38
                                                                           8   Regulatory environment
    3.3    Principal business risks                                   39   9   Business risks                                                    91
4   Consolidated financial analysis                                   44                                                                        101
                                                                           10 Accounting policies
    4.1    Introduction                                               44
    4.2    Customer connections                                       45   11 Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial
    4.3    Operating revenues                                         46      measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)                    105
    4.4    Operating costs                                            47       11.1   Non-GAAP financial measures                               105
    4.5    Net earnings                                               47       11.2   Non-GAAP ratios                                           108
    4.6    Adjusted EBITDA                                            48       11.3   Total of segments measures                                108
    4.7    Severance, acquisition and other costs                     48       11.4   Capital management measures                               109
    4.8    Depreciation and amortization                              49       11.5   Supplementary financial measures                          110
    4.9    Finance costs                                              49       11.6   KPIs                                                      110
    4.10   Impairment of assets                                       50
    4.11   Other (expense) income                                     50   12 Effectiveness of internal controls                                111
    4.12   Income taxes                                               51
    4.13   Net earnings attributable to common shareholders and EPS   51
    4.14   Capital expenditures                                       52
    4.15   Cash flows                                                 52

8   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
In this management’s discussion and analysis (MD&A), we, us, our, BCE and the        In preparing this MD&A, we have taken into account information available to us up to
company mean, as the context may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively,          March 2, 2023, the date of this MD&A, unless otherwise stated.
BCE Inc., Bell Canada, their subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates. Bell
means, as the context may require, either Bell Canada or, collectively, Bell         You will find additional information relating to BCE, including BCE’s audited
Canada, its subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates.                         consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, BCE’s
                                                                                     annual information form for the year ended December 31, 2022, dated
All amounts in this MD&A are in millions of Canadian dollars, except where noted.    March 2, 2023 (BCE 2022 AIF) and recent financial reports, on BCE’s website at
Please refer to section 11, Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial             BCE.ca, on SEDAR at sedar.com and on EDGAR at sec.gov.
measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) for a list of defined non-GAAP
financial measures, other financial measures and KPIs.                               Documents and other information contained in BCE’s website or in any other site
                                                                                     referred to in BCE’s website or in this MD&A are not part of this MD&A and are not
Please refer to BCE’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended   incorporated by reference herein.
December 31, 2022 when reading this MD&A.
                                                                                     This MD&A comments on our business operations, performance, financial position
                                                                                     and other matters for the two years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

                                                                                                                                                                       9
MD&A


Caution regarding forward-looking statements
This MD&A and, in particular, but without limitation, section 1.3, Key corporate           or implied by, such forward-looking statements and that our business outlook,
developments, section 1.4, Capital markets strategy, section 1.6, Capitals and our         objectives, plans and strategic priorities may not be achieved. These statements are
corporate responsibility, section 2, Strategic imperatives, section 3.2, Business          not guarantees of future performance or events, and we caution you against relying
outlook and assumptions, section 5, Business segment analysis and section 6.7,             on any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are
Liquidity, contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements            presented in this MD&A for the purpose of assisting investors and others in
include, without limitation, statements relating to our projected financial                understanding our objectives, strategic priorities and business outlook as well as our
performance for 2023, BCE’s dividend growth objective and 2023 annualized                  anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned, however, that such
common share dividend and dividend payout ratio level, BCE’s anticipated capital           information may not be appropriate for other purposes.
expenditures, network deployment plans and the benefits expected to result
therefrom, BCE’s financial policy targets, the sources of liquidity we expect to use       We have made certain economic, market, operational and other assumptions in
to meet our anticipated 2023 cash requirements, our expected post-employment               preparing the forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A, and, in particular,
benefit plans funding including an anticipated reduction in contributions to our           but without limitation, the forward-looking statements contained in the previously
pension plans in 2023, Bell Ventures’ planned investments in early-stage and               mentioned sections of this MD&A. These assumptions include, without limitation, the
growth companies that provide advanced technology solutions, our environmental,            assumptions described in the various sub-sections of this MD&A entitled
social and governance (ESG) objectives, which include, without limitation, our             Assumptions, which sub-sections are incorporated by reference in this cautionary
objectives concerning diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging (DEIB), our               statement. Subject to various factors including, without limitation, the future impacts
targeted reductions in the level of our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions including,          of general economic conditions, of the COVID-19 pandemic and of geopolitical
without limitation, our plans to be carbon neutral for our operational GHG                 events, which are difficult to predict, we believe that our assumptions were
emissions starting in 2025 and to achieve science-based targets (SBTs) by 2026 or          reasonable at March 2, 2023. If our assumptions turn out to be inaccurate, actual
2030, as applicable, our objectives concerning reductions in waste to landfill,            results or events could be materially different from what we expect.
e-waste recovery, community investment, privacy and information security,                  Important risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially
corporate governance and ethical business conduct leadership, BCE’s business               from those expressed in, or implied by, the previously-mentioned forward-looking
outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities, and other statements that do not      statements and other forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A, include,
refer to historical facts. A statement we make is forward-looking when it uses what        but are not limited to: the negative effect of adverse economic conditions, including a
we know and expect today to make a statement about the future. Forward-looking             potential recession, and related inflationary cost pressures, higher interest rates and
statements are typically identified by the words assumption, goal, guidance,               financial and capital market volatility; the negative effect of adverse conditions
objective, outlook, project, strategy, target and other similar expressions or future      associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events; a declining level of
or conditional verbs such as aim, anticipate, believe, could, expect, intend, may,         business and consumer spending, and the resulting negative impact on the demand
plan, seek, should, strive and will. All such forward-looking statements are made          for, and prices of, our products and services; regulatory initiatives, proceedings and
pursuant to the safe harbour provisions of applicable Canadian securities laws and         decisions, government consultations and government positions that affect us and
of the United States (U.S.) Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.              influence our business including, without limitation, concerning mandatory access to
Unless otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements in this MD&A                  networks, spectrum auctions, the imposition of consumer-related codes of conduct,
describe our expectations as at March 2, 2023 and, accordingly, are subject to             approval of acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign ownership
change after that date. Except as may be required by applicable securities laws,           requirements, privacy and cybersecurity obligations and control of copyright piracy;
we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking                 the inability to implement enhanced compliance frameworks and to comply with legal
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.            and regulatory obligations; unfavourable resolution of legal proceedings; the
                                                                                           intensity of competitive activity and the failure to effectively respond to evolving
Forward-looking statements, by their very nature, are subject to inherent risks and        competitive dynamics; the level of technological substitution and the presence of
uncertainties and are based on several assumptions, both general and specific,             alternative service providers contributing to disruptions and disintermediation in each
which give rise to the possibility that actual results or events could differ materially   of
from our expectations expressed in,



10   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
MD&A

our business segments; changing customer behaviour and the expansion of cloud-           and external factors that could challenge our ability to achieve our ESG targets
based, over-the-top (OTT) and other alternative solutions; advertising market            including, without limitation, those related to GHG emissions reduction and diversity,
pressures from economic conditions, fragmentation and non-traditional/global             equity, inclusion and belonging (DEIB); the inability to access adequate sources of
digital services; rising content costs and challenges in our ability to acquire or       capital and generate sufficient cash flows from operating activities to meet our cash
develop key content; higher Canadian smartphone penetration and reduced or               requirements, fund capital expenditures and provide for planned growth; uncertainty
slower immigration flow; the inability to protect our physical and non-physical          as to whether dividends will be declared by BCE’s board of directors (Board) or
assets from events such as information security attacks, unauthorized access or          whether the dividend on common shares will be increased; the inability to manage
entry, fire and natural disasters; the failure to implement effective data governance;   various credit, liquidity and market risks; the failure to reduce costs, as well as
the failure to evolve and transform our networks, systems and operations using           unexpected increases in costs; the failure to evolve practices to effectively monitor
next-generation technologies while lowering our cost structure; the inability to drive   and control fraudulent activities; new or higher taxes due to new tax laws or changes
a positive customer experience; the failure to attract, develop and retain a diverse     thereto or in the interpretation thereof, and the inability to predict the outcome of
and talented team capable of furthering our strategic imperatives; the failure to        government audits; the impact on our financial statements and our estimates from a
adequately manage health and safety concerns; labour disruptions and shortages;          number of factors; and pension obligation volatility and increased contributions to
the failure to maintain operational networks; the risk that we may need to incur         post-employment benefit plans.
significant capital expenditures to provide additional capacity and reduce network
congestion; the inability to maintain service consistency due to network failures or     These and other risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ
slowdowns, the failure of other infrastructure, or disruptions in the delivery of        materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking
services; service interruptions or outages due to legacy infrastructure and the          statements are discussed in this MD&A and, in particular, in section 9, Business
possibility of instability as we transition towards converged wireline and wireless      risks of this MD&A.
networks and newer technologies; the failure by us, or by other                          Forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A for periods beyond 2023 involve
telecommunications carriers on which we rely to provide services, to complete            longer-term assumptions and estimates than forward-looking statements for 2023
planned and sufficient testing, maintenance, replacement or upgrade of our or their      and are consequently subject to greater uncertainty. Forward-looking statements for
networks, equipment and other facilities, which could disrupt our operations             periods beyond 2023 further assume, unless otherwise indicated, that the risks
including through network or other infrastructure failures; events affecting the         described above and in section 9, Business risks of this MD&A will remain
functionality of, and our ability to protect, test, maintain, replace and upgrade, our   substantially unchanged during such periods, except for an assumed improvement
networks, information technology (IT) systems, equipment and other facilities; the       in the risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic in future years.
complexity of our operations; the failure to implement or maintain highly effective
processes and IT systems; in-orbit and other operational risks to which the              We caution readers that the risk factors described above and in the previously-
satellites used to provide our satellite television (TV) services are subject; our       mentioned section and in other sections of this MD&A are not the only ones that
dependence on third-party suppliers, outsourcers and consultants to provide an           could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that
uninterrupted supply of the products and services we need; the failure of our            we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our
vendor selection, governance and oversight processes, including our management           business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation. We regularly
of supplier risk in the areas of security, data governance and responsible               consider potential acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, business combinations,
procurement; the quality of our products and services and the extent to which they       investments, monetizations, joint ventures and other transactions, some of which
may be subject to defects or fail to comply with applicable government regulations       may be significant. Except as otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements
and standards; reputational risks and the inability to meaningfully integrate ESG        do not reflect the potential impact of any such transactions or of special items that
considerations into our business strategy and operations; the failure to take            may be announced or that may occur after March 2, 2023. The financial impact of
appropriate actions to adapt to current and emerging environmental impacts,              these transactions and special items can be complex and depends on facts
including climate change; pandemics, epidemics and other health risks, including         particular to each of them. We therefore cannot describe the expected impact in a
health concerns about radio frequency emissions from wireless communications             meaningful way, or in the same way we present known risks affecting our business.
devices and equipment; the inability to adequately manage social issues; the
failure to develop and implement strong corporate governance practices; various
internal

                                                                                                                                                                             11
1 MD&A Overview


1           Overview
In April 2022, the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee          In 2022, we applied this agenda decision retrospectively, to each prior period
(IFRIC) issued an agenda decision clarifying that an entity should present a            presented, the impact of which was limited to the classification of funding of
demand deposit with restrictions on use arising from a contract with a third party as   $97 million received in Q1 2021 under a subsidy agreement with the Government of
cash and cash equivalents in the statements of financial position and cash flows,       Québec. For further details, see section 10, Accounting policies in this MD&A.
unless those restrictions change the nature of the deposit such that it no longer
meets the definition of cash in IAS 7.




1.1         Introduction
At a glance
BCE is Canada’s largest communications company, providing residential, business         Bell Wireline includes data revenues (including Internet, Internet protocol television
and wholesale customers with a wide range of solutions for all their                    (IPTV), cloud-based services and business solutions), voice and other
communications needs. BCE’s shares are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock             communication services revenues, and wireline product sales. These services are
Exchange and on the New York Stock Exchange (TSX, NYSE: BCE).                           provided to our residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise
                                                                                        customers primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, while
Our results are reported in three segments: Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell       satellite TV service and connectivity to business customers are available nationally
Media. Effective with our Q1 2023 results, our previous Bell Wireless and Bell          across Canada. In addition, this segment includes the results of our wholesale
Wireline operating segments are being combined to form a single reporting               business, which buys and sells local telephone, long distance, data and other
segment called Bell Communication and Technology Services (Bell CTS). Bell              services from or to resellers and other carriers.
Media remains a distinct operating segment and is unaffected. Refer to section 1.2,
About BCE for further details.                                                          Bell Media provides conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV, streaming services,
                                                                                        digital media services, radio broadcasting services and out-of-home (OOH)
Bell Wireless includes wireless service revenues and product sales as well as the       advertising services to customers nationally across Canada. Revenues are derived
results of operations of our national consumer electronics retailer, The Source         primarily from advertising and subscriber fees.
(Bell) Electronics Inc. (The Source). Wireless services are provided to our
residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers             We also hold investments in a number of other assets, including:
across Canada.
                                                                                        • a 37.5% indirect equity interest in Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE)
                                                                                        • a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel Inc. (Glentel)
BCE is Canada’s largest                                                                 • an 18.4% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal Canadiens
                                                                                          Hockey Club, evenko and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec, as well as Place
communications company                                                                    Bell in Laval, Québec


 BCE's business segments
 At December 31, 2022




        Bell                       Bell                          Bell
     Wireless                   Wireline                        Media


12     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
1 MD&A Overview


Our purpose
BCE’s purpose is to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world. Our strategy builds on our longstanding strengths in networks, service innovation and
content creation, and positions the company for continued growth and innovation leadership. Our primary business objectives are to grow our subscriber base profitably and
to maximize revenues, operating profit, free cash flow and return on invested capital by further enhancing our position as the foremost provider in Canada of comprehensive
communications services to residential, business and wholesale customers, and as Canada’s leading content creation company. We seek to take advantage of opportunities
to leverage our networks, infrastructure, sales channels, and brand and marketing resources across our various lines of business to create value for our customers and other
stakeholders.
Our strategy is centred on our disciplined focus and execution of six strategic imperatives that position us to deliver continued success in a fast-changing communications
marketplace. The six strategic imperatives that underlie BCE’s business plan are:

       Ll
Bell 5      .                                    Build the                   D          Crive growth with              a    Deliver the most
six strategic                                    best networks                          innovative services                 compelling content
imperatives
                                                                                                                            Engage and invest in
                                                 Champion                               Operate with agility                our people and create
                                                 customer experience                    and cost efficiency                 a sustainable future

In 2022, we embedded our focus on creating a more sustainable future directly into our six strategic imperatives, reflecting our long-standing commitment to the highest ESG
standards. As one of Canada’s largest companies, we are driven to continually improve our impact and our contribution to society with our connectivity commitments,
investments in mental health initiatives, environmental sustainability and an engaged workplace.


Our alignment to the International Integrated Reporting Framework
Following the principles of the International Integrated Reporting Framework (<IR> Framework) of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) (which now forms
part of the Value Reporting Foundation), Bell released, concurrently with this MD&A, an Integrated Annual Report which contains a strategic overview outlining our
sustainable value creation process. This strategic overview discloses how we seek to generate sustainable value for our stakeholders as the result of our business
operations, guided by our strategic imperatives and use of capitals. Our capitals are outlined below and serve as inputs that are transformed through our business strategy
and strategic imperatives resulting in outcomes that seek to create value for our stakeholders over time.




Our                          Our customers                  Our products                   Our                         Our                         Our financial
networks                     and relationships              and services                   environment                 people                      resources
Reliable, accessible and     Strong relationships with      Innovative and compelling      Responsible environmental   Skilled, engaged and        Capital from our investors,
affordable world-class       customers, communities         products, services and         management throughout       diverse team members.       returns on our investments
broadband fibre and          and suppliers.                 media content addressing       our operations.                                         and free cash flow
wireless networks.                                          societal demands.                                                                      generated from our
                                                                                                                                                   operations.


To increase the connectivity of information, we have incorporated the icons representing our six capitals described above throughout this MD&A to highlight the respective
linkage between our capitals and the topics discussed.
                                                                                                                                                                            13
1 MD&A Overview


BCE 2022 consolidated results
Operating revenues                                                           Net earnings                                                                 Adjusted EBITDA (1)


$24,174
million
                                                                             $2,926
                                                                             million
                                                                                                                                                          $10,199
                                                                                                                                                          million
+3.1% vs. 2021                                                               +1.2% vs. 2021                                                               +3.1% vs. 2021



Net earnings attributable                             Adjusted net earnings (1)                                  Cash flows from                                            Free cash flow (1)
to common shareholders                                                                                           operating activities


$2,716
million
                                                      $3,057
                                                      million
                                                                                                                 $8,365
                                                                                                                 million
                                                                                                                                                                            $3,067
                                                                                                                                                                            million
+0.3% vs. 2021                                        +5.6% vs. 2021                                             +4.5% vs. 2021                                             +2.9% vs. 2021



BCE customer connections
Wireless                                              Retail high-speed                                          Retail TV (2) (3)                                          Retail residential network
Total mobile phones                                   Internet (2) (3)                                                                                                      access services (NAS) lines (2) (3)


+5.2%
9.9 million subscribers
                                                      +10.3%
                                                      4.3 million subscribers
                                                                                                                 +0.6%
                                                                                                                 2.8 million subscribers
                                                                                                                                                                            (4.7%)
                                                                                                                                                                            2.2 million subscribers
at the end of 2022                                    at the end of 2022                                         at the end of 2022                                         at the end of 2022




1.2           About BCE
Our 2022 results are reported in three segments: Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media. We describe our products and services by segment in this section, to provide
further insight into our operations.


Segmented reporting changes in 2023
In 2022, we began modifying our internal and external reporting processes to align                                 Our Bell CTS segment provides a wide range of communication products and
with organizational changes that were made to reflect an increasing strategic focus                                services to consumers, businesses and government customers across Canada.
on multiproduct sales, the continually increasing technological convergence of our                                 Wireless products and services include mobile data and voice plans and devices
wireless and wireline telecommunications infrastructure and operations driven by                                   and are available nationally. Wireline products and services comprise data (including
the deployment of our Fifth Generation (5G) and fibre networks, and our digital                                    Internet access, IPTV, cloud-based services and business solutions), voice, and
transformation. These factors have made it increasingly difficult to distinguish                                   other communication services and products, which are available to our residential,
between our wireless and wireline operations and will result in changes in                                         small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers primarily in
Q1 2023 to the financial information that is regularly provided to our chief operating                             Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, while satellite TV service and
decision maker to measure performance and allocate resources.                                                      connectivity to business customers are available nationally across Canada. In
                                                                                                                   addition, this segment includes our wholesale business, which buys and sells local
Effective with our Q1 2023 results, our previous Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline                                   telephone, long distance, data and other services from or to resellers and other
operating segments are being combined to form a single reporting segment called                                    carriers, as well as the results of operations of our national consumer electronics
Bell CTS. Bell Media remains a distinct operating segment and is unaffected. As a                                  retailer, The Source.
result of our reporting changes, prior periods are being restated in 2023 for
comparative purposes.                                                                                              Our Bell Media segment provides conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV, streaming
                                                                                                                   services, digital media services, radio broadcasting services and OOH and
                                                                                                                   advanced advertising services to customers nationally across Canada.

(1) Adjusted EBITDA is a total of segments measure, and adjusted net earnings and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures. See section 11.3, Total of segments measures and section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial
    measures in this MD&A for more information on these measures.
(2) In Q1 2022, as a result of the acquisition of EBOX and other related companies, our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 67,090, 9,025 and 3,456 subscribers,
    respectively.
(3) In Q4 2022, as a result of the acquisition of Distributel Communications Limited (Distributel), our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 128,065, 2,315 and
    64,498 subscribers, respectively.

14     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
1 MD&A Overview


Our products and services


Bell Wireless

Segment description                                                                                               Our brands include
• Includes wireless service revenues and product sales as well as the results of
  operations of our national consumer electronics retailer, The Source
• Wireless services are provided to our residential, small and medium-sized
  business and large enterprise customers across Canada




Our networks and reach                                                                                         Our products and services
We hold wireless spectrum licences, with holdings across various spectrum bands                                • Data and voice plans: From plans focused on affordability to premium services,
and regions across Canada, totalling more than 6.4 billion megahertz per                                         we have plans that cater to all customer segments, available on either postpaid or
population (MHz-Pop), corresponding to an average of approximately                                               prepaid options, including unlimited data, shareable, device financing plans and
182 megahertz (MHz) of spectrum per Canadian.                                                                    Connect Everything plans. Our services provide fast Internet access for video,
                                                                                                                 social networking, messaging and mobile applications, as well as a host of call
The vast majority of our cell towers are connected with fibre, the latest network                                features.
infrastructure technology, for a faster and more reliable connection.
                                                                                                               • Specialized plans: for tablets, smartwatches, Connected Car, mobile Internet,
Our Fourth Generation (4G) Long-term Evolution (LTE) nationwide wireless                                         trackers, laptops and security cameras
broadband network is compatible with global standards and delivers high-quality                                • Extensive selection of devices: the latest 5G and 5G+ smartphones, tablets,
and reliable voice and high-speed data services coast to coast to virtually all of the                           smartwatches, mobile Internet devices and connected things (Bell Connected Car,
Canadian population. 5G and 5G+ are the next generation of wireless technology,                                  trackers, connected home and virtual reality)
offering faster speeds and lower latency. Our LTE network will be the backbone for
our 5G network as it expands across Canada.                                                                    • Travel: international roaming in over 230 destinations, with LTE roaming in
                                                                                                                 209 destinations and 5G roaming in 63 destinations
• LTE coverage of over 99% of Canada’s population, with LTE Advanced (LTE-A)
  covering approximately 96% of Canada’s population, and 5G coverage of 82% of                                 • Mobile business solutions: push-to-talk, field service management, worker
  Canada’s population, with 5G+ covering 38% of Canada’s population at                                           safety and mobility management
  December 31, 2022                                                                                            • IoT solutions: asset management, smart buildings,                              smart     cities,   fleet
• Peak theoretical mobile data access download speeds: 5G and 5G+, up to                                         management, smart supply chain and other IoT services
  1.7 gigabit(s) per second (Gbps) (average expected speeds of 76 to
  469 megabits per second (Mbps) in select areas of Western Canada, Ontario and
  Quebec); LTE-A, up to 1.5 Gbps (1) (average expected speeds of 25 to
  325 Mbps); LTE, up to 150 Mbps (expected average speeds of 18 to 40 Mbps);
  high-speed packet access plus (HSPA+), up to 42 Mbps (expected average
  speeds of 7 to 14 Mbps) (2)
• Reverts to LTE/LTE-A technology and speeds when customers are outside 5G
  and 5G+ coverage areas
• Bell also operates a LTE-category M1 (LTE-M) network, which is a subset of our
  LTE network, supporting low-power Internet of Things (IoT) applications with
  enhanced coverage, longer device battery life and enabling lower costs for IoT
  devices connecting to Bell’s national network. Our LTE-M network is available in
  most Canadian provinces.
We have more than 8,000 retail points of distribution across Canada, including
over 1,000 Bell, Virgin Plus, Lucky Mobile (Lucky) and The Source locations, as
well as Glentel-operated locations (WIRELESSWAVE, Tbooth wireless and
WIRELESS etc.) and other third-party dealer and retail locations.




(1) Peak theoretical download speeds of up to 1.5 Gbps on LTE-A are currently available in Kingston, Waterloo, Toronto, Mississauga, Vaughan, Richmond Hill, Markham, Brampton, North Bay, Niagara-on-the-Lake, Cambridge,
    Pickering, Ajax, Burlington, Guelph, London, Niagara Falls, Oakville, St. Catharines, Thorold, Thunder Bay, Welland and Ottawa. Compatible device required.
(2) Network speeds vary with location, signal and customer device. Compatible device required.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       15
1 MD&A Overview

Bell Wireline
Segment description                                                                       Our brands include
• Includes data revenues (including Internet, IPTV, cloud-based services and
  business solutions), voice, and other communication services revenues, and
  wireline product sales. These services are provided to our residential, small and
  medium-sized business and large enterprise customers primarily in Ontario,
  Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, while satellite TV service and
  connectivity to business customers are available nationally across Canada. We
  also offer competitive local exchange carrier (CLEC) services in Alberta and
  British Columbia.
• Includes the results of our wholesale business, which buys and sells local
  telephone, long distance, data and other services from or to resellers and other
  carriers, and the wireline operations of Northwestel Inc. (Northwestel), which
  provides telecommunications services in Canada’s Northern Territories

Our networks and reach                                                                   the Fibe TV app. The Fibe TV app live TV streaming service offers live and
                                                                                         on-demand programming on Bell Streamer, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Google
• Extensive local access network in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and          Chromecast, Android TV devices, smartphones, tablets and computers. Bell
  Manitoba, as well as in Canada’s Northern Territories                                  Streamer is a 4K HDR streaming device powered by Android TV offering all-in-one
• Broadband fibre network, consisting of fibre-to-the-premise (FTTP) and                 access to the Fibe TV app, support for all major streaming services and access to
  fibre-to-the-node (FTTN) locations, covering approximately 10 million homes and        thousands of apps on Google Play. We also offer an app-based live TV streaming
  businesses in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba                     service branded as Virgin Plus TV.
• Wireless-to-the-premise (WTTP) footprint covering approximately 1 million             • Home Phone: local telephone service, long distance and advanced calling
  locations primarily in rural areas. WTTP is 5G-capable fixed wireless technology        features
  delivered over Bell’s LTE wireless network that provides broadband residential        • Smart Home: home security, monitoring and automation services from Bell Smart
  Internet access to smaller and underserved communities.                                 Home
• Largest Internet protocol (IP) multi-protocol label switching footprint of any        • Bundles: multi-product bundles of Internet, TV, home phone, mobility and smart
  Canadian provider, enabling us to offer business customers a virtual private            home services with monthly discounts
  network (VPN) service for IP traffic and to optimize bandwidth for real-time voice
  and TV
                                                                                        Business
• More than 650 Bell and Virgin Plus locations
                                                                                        • Internet and network solutions: Through our advanced technologies and
                                                                                          end-to-end network, cloud and security expertise, Bell is a network transformation
Our products and services                                                                 partner of choice for Canadian businesses. Our solutions include business
                                                                                          Internet, software-defined solutions, private networks, global networks, managed
Residential                                                                               and professional services.
• Internet: high-speed Internet access through fibre optic broadband technology,        • Communications: We offer a variety of voice, unified communications and contact
  5G-capable WTTP technology or digital subscriber line (DSL) with a wide range           centre solutions, including IP telephony, local and long distance, audio, video and
  of options, including reliable Wi-Fi, unlimited usage, security services and mobile     web conferencing and webcasting, and a range of contact centre options from
  Internet. Our Internet service, marketed as Fibe Internet, offers total download        cloud-based and hybrid solutions to dedicated, on-premises services that support a
  speeds of up to 8 Gbps and total upload speeds of up to 8 Gbps with FTTP, or            variety of business sizes.
  download speeds of up to 100 Mbps with FTTN, while our Wireless Home
  Internet (WHI) fixed wireless service currently delivers broadband download           • Cloud: Bell supports every stage of businesses’ cloud journey with cloud, network
  speeds of up to 50 Mbps. We also offer Internet service under the Virgin Plus           and security expertise, an advanced partner ecosystem and advanced hybrid
  brand offering download speeds of up to 300 Mbps.                                       multi-cloud solutions. Our cloud solutions include cloud professional and managed
                                                                                          services, cloud computing, public multi-access edge computing (MEC) with
• TV: IPTV services (Fibe TV, Fibe TV app and Virgin Plus TV) and satellite TV            Amazon Web Services (AWS) Wavelength, cloud connect, and cloud backup and
  service. Bell’s new Fibe TV service powered by Google Android TV technology             disaster recovery.
  provides extensive live and on-demand content options with 4K resolution (4K)
  picture quality and new capabilities and features including access to thousands of    • Other: We offer a full suite of solutions to address businesses’ security concerns,
  apps, voice remote powered by Google Assistant, universal search, cloud                 including network security, cloud security and managed and professional services.
  personal video recorder (PVR), compact 4K high dynamic range (HDR) receiver
  and access to



16   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
1 MD&A Overview

Bell Media
Segment description                                                                                                 Our brands include
• Canada’s leading content creation company with premier assets in TV, radio and
  OOH, monetized through traditional and digital platforms
• Revenues are derived primarily from advertising and subscriber fees
  • Conventional TV, radio and OOH revenues are derived from advertising
  • Specialty TV revenue is generated from subscription fees and advertising
  • Pay TV and direct-to-consumer (DTC) streaming services revenue is derived
    from subscription fees




Our assets and reach                                                                                             • HBO Max: long-term exclusive agreement to deliver original, non-children’s
                                                                                                                   programming produced by Warner Bros. Television Group for HBO Max
TV                                                                                                               • STARZ: long-term agreement with Lionsgate for premium STARZ programming in
• 35 conventional TV stations including CTV, Canada’s #1 network for                                               Canada
  21 consecutive years (1), #1 Canadian advertising-based video on demand                                        • iHeartRadio: exclusive partnership for digital and streaming music services in
  (AVOD) platform CTV.ca (2) and leading digital news destination CTVNews.ca,                                      Canada
  and the French-language Noovo network in Québec, including its popular AVOD
  platform and digital news destination Noovo.info
                                                                                                                 Other assets
• 27 specialty TV channels, including TSN, Canada’s sports leader (3) and RDS,
  the top French-language sports network (1)                                                                     • Partnership in Just for Laughs, the live comedy event and TV producer
• 4 pay TV services and 4 DTC streaming services, including Crave, the exclusive                                 • Equity interest in Dome Productions Partnership, one of North America’s leading
  home of HBO in Canada, TSN and RDS                                                                               providers of sports and other event production and broadcast facilities
                                                                                                                 • Minority interest in Montréal’s Grandé Studios, a Montréal-based multipurpose TV,
Radio                                                                                                              film and equipment company which provides production facilities, equipment
                                                                                                                   rentals, and technical services
• 109 licensed radio stations in 58 markets across Canada, all available through
                                                                                                                 • Montréal’s Octane Racing Group Inc., promoter of the F1 Canadian Grand Prix,
  the iHeartRadio Canada app alongside an extensive catalogue of podcasts
                                                                                                                   the largest annual sports and tourism event in the country

OOH advertising
                                                                                                                 Our products and services
• Network of more than 45,000 advertising faces in key urban markets across
  Canada                                                                                                         • Varied and extensive array of video content to broadcast distributors across
                                                                                                                   Canada
                                                                                                                 • Advertising on our TV, radio, digital and OOH properties to both local and national
Broadcast rights                                                                                                   advertisers across a wide range of industry sectors
• Sports: long-term media rights to key sports properties and official Canadian                                  • Crave bilingual subscription-based on-demand TV streaming service offering a
  broadcaster of the Super Bowl, Grey Cup and International Ice Hockey                                             large collection of premium content in one place, including HBO, HBO Max,
  Federation (IIHF) World Junior Championship. Live sports coverage includes the                                   STARZ and original French-language programming, on set-top boxes (STBs),
  Toronto Maple Leafs, Montréal Canadiens, Winnipeg Jets and Ottawa Senators,                                      mobile devices, streaming devices and online. Crave is offered through a number
  Canadian Football League (CFL), National Football League (NFL), National                                         of Canadian TV providers and is available directly to all Canadian Internet
  Basketball Association (NBA), Major League Soccer (MLS), Fédération                                              subscribers as an OTT service.
  Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) World Cup events, Curling’s Season
  of Champions, Major League Baseball (MLB), Golf’s Majors, NASCAR Cup                                           • TSN and RDS streaming services offering live and on-demand TSN and RDS
  Series, Formula 1 (F1), Grand Slam Tennis, Ultimate Fighting Championship                                        content directly to consumers through an annual or monthly subscription on
  (UFC), National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), March Madness and                                        computers, tablets, mobile devices, Apple TV and other streaming devices
  more.
• HBO: long-term agreement to deliver all current-season, past-season and library
  HBO programming in Canada exclusively on our linear, on-demand and OTT
  platforms



(1) Based on data provided by Numeris, a data company providing audience data and insights capturing media behaviours for the Canadian media industry.
(2) Based on data provided by Comscore, Inc., an American media measurement and analytics company.
(3) Based on the depth and breadth of broadcasted sporting events, and TSN’s reach, according to data provided by Numeris, and TSN being the consumer preferred brand for live sports and sports news.

                                                                                                                                                                                                         17
1 MD&A Overview

Other BCE investments
BCE also holds investments in a number of other assets, including:
• a 37.5% indirect equity interest in MLSE, a sports and entertainment company that owns several sports teams, including the Toronto
  Maple Leafs, the Toronto Raptors, Toronto FC and the Toronto Argonauts, as well as real estate and entertainment assets in Toronto
• a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel, a Canadian-based connected services retailer
• an 18.4% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal Canadiens Hockey Club, evenko (a promoter and producer of
  cultural and sports events) and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec, as well as Place Bell in Laval, Québec




Our people
      Our
      people

Employees                                                   BCE                                                            BCE
                                                            2021 employees                                                 2022 employees
At the end of 2022, our team consisted of
44,610 employees, a decrease of
5,171 employees, compared to the
49,781 employees at the end of 2021,
attributable to the sale of a subsidiary, coupled
with natural attrition, retirements and workforce
reductions.
Approximately 43% of total BCE employees
were represented by labour unions at
December 31, 2022.

Bell code of business conduct
The ethical business conduct of our people is core to the integrity with which we operate our business. The Bell Code of Business Conduct sets out specific expectations and
accountabilities, providing employees with practical guidelines to conduct business in an ethical manner. Our commitment to the Code of Business Conduct is renewed by
employees each year in an ongoing effort to ensure that all employees are aware of, and adhere to, Bell’s standards of conduct.



1.3        Key corporate developments
      Our                  Our customers               Our products            Our
      networks             and relationships.          and services            people

This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our plans and strategic priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at
the beginning of this MD&A.


Launch of Bell Ventures
On October 25, 2022, Bell introduced Bell Ventures, its corporate venture capital           Bell’s 5G and fibre networks and deliver solutions for its customers, including in the
initiative to encourage development of early-stage and growth companies that                areas of network security, IoT, robotics, telematics, clean technology (cleantech),
harness the power of Bell’s networks to drive growth and adoption of advanced               augmented/virtual reality (AR/VR), and the metaverse. Recent investments by Bell
technological solutions. Building on Bell’s history of innovation and investments,          Ventures include Cohere Technologies, the creator of spectrum multiplier software
Bell Ventures is a natural extension of Bell’s purpose to advance how Canadians             for 4G and 5G networks, and Boreal Ventures, a venture capital fund supporting
connect with each other and the world. Bell Ventures invests in early-stage and             promising Québec deep tech start-ups, created in partnership with Montréal
growth companies that provide advanced technology solutions seeking to further              innovation centre Centech.
differentiate

18   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
1 MD&A Overview


Acquisition of Distributel
On December 1, 2022, Bell completed its acquisition of Distributel, a national independent communications provider offering a wide range of consumer, business and
wholesale communications services for cash consideration of $303 million ($282 million net of cash acquired) and $39 million of estimated additional cash consideration
contingent on the achievement of certain performance objectives. The acquisition of Distributel is expected to support Bell’s strategy to grow residential and business
customers. The results of Distributel are included in our Bell Wireline segment.


Strategic partnership with Staples Canada
On January 31, 2023, Bell and Staples Canada announced a multi-year exclusive agreement to sell Bell, Virgin Plus and Lucky Mobile wireless and wireline services through
Staples stores across Canada for consumers and small businesses, starting in the first half of 2023. In addition, Bell and Staples will partner to sell Bell wireless and wireline
services direct to medium-sized businesses through the Staples Professional sales team, backed by Bell’s advanced communications expertise.


Bell Business Markets leadership change
On January 31, 2023, John Watson, Group President, Customer Experience and Artificial Intelligence (AI), took on an expanded role as Group President, Business Markets,
Customer Experience and AI, following the retirement of Bell Business Markets President Tom Little after a distinguished 13-year career at the company. This combined
leadership approach highlights Bell’s focus on bringing the best digital connections and next-generation services to Canadians and businesses while keeping customer
experience at the centre of everything we do.




1.4           Capital markets strategy
       Our financiol
          resources


This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to BCE’s dividend growth objective, 2023 annualized common share dividend, dividend payout ratio and
financial policy targets, anticipated capital expenditures and network deployment plans, and our business outlook, objectives and plans. Refer to the section Caution
regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.
We seek to deliver sustainable shareholder returns through consistent dividend growth. This objective is underpinned by continued growth in free cash flow and a strong
balance sheet, supporting a significant ongoing capital investment on advanced broadband networks and services that are essential to driving the long-term growth of our
business.


Dividend growth and payout policy
Dividend yield (1)                                                           2023 dividend increase                                             Dividend payout (2) policy


6.2%
in 2022
                                                                             +5.2%
                                                                             to $3.87 per common share
                                                                                                                                                65%–75%
                                                                                                                                                of free cash flow


On February 2, 2023, we announced a 5.2%, or 19 cents, increase in the                                             Board and, consequently, there can be no guarantee that BCE’s dividend policy will
annualized dividend payable on BCE’s common shares for 2023 to $3.87 per                                           be maintained, that the dividend on common shares will be increased or that
share from $3.68 per share in 2022, starting with the quarterly dividend payable on                                dividends will be declared. As at December 31, 2022, our dividend payout ratio was
April 17, 2023. This is BCE’s 15th consecutive year of 5% or better dividend                                       108%, compared to 105% at December 31, 2021, which is higher than our policy
growth.                                                                                                            range due to a planned acceleration in capital expenditures. Although capital
                                                                                                                   expenditures are expected to decrease in 2023, they will remain elevated compared
Our objective is to seek to achieve dividend growth while maintaining our dividend                                 to pre-2020 annual levels as we continue to make generational investments in our
payout ratio within the target policy range of 65% to 75% of free cash flow and                                    networks to support the buildout of our fibre, 5G and 5G+ network infrastructure. As
balancing our strategic business priorities. BCE’s dividend payout policy, increases                               a result, BCE’s dividend payout ratio is expected to remain above our target policy
in the common share dividend and the declaration of dividends are subject to the                                   range in 2023.
discretion of the BCE




(1) Annualized dividend per BCE common share divided by BCE’s share price at the end of the year.
(2) Dividend payout ratio is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to section 11.2, Non-GAAP ratios in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

                                                                                                                                                                                                    19
1 MD&A Overview


Executive compensation alignment
BCE’s management equity-based incentive plans are based on a pay-for-performance philosophy. The overall goal is to create sustainable value for shareholders by
attracting, motivating and retaining the executive officers needed to drive the business strategy, and rewarding them for delivering on our goal of advancing how Canadians
connect with each other and the world, through the successful execution of our six strategic imperatives. We have strong alignment of interest between shareholders and
management through our equity-based incentive plans.

Best practices                                   • Stringent share ownership requirements
adopted by                                       • Emphasis on pay at risk for executive compensation
BCE for executive                                • Double trigger change-in-control policy
compensation                                     • Anti-hedging policy on share ownership and incentive compensation
                                                 • Clawbacks for the President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and
                                                   all Executive Vice-Presidents as well as all option holders
                                                 • Caps on BCE supplemental executive retirement plans and annual
                                                   bonus payouts, in addition to long-term incentive grants
                                                 • Vesting criteria fully aligned to shareholder interests


Capital markets priorities
Consistent with our capital markets objective to deliver sustainable shareholder                                 • Voluntary contributions to BCE’s defined benefit (DB) pension plans to improve the
returns through dividend growth, while maintaining planned levels of capital                                       funded position of the plans and reduce the use of letters of credit for funding
investment, investment-grade credit ratings and considerable overall financial                                     deficits
flexibility, we deploy excess free cash flow, when available, in a balanced manner                               • Share buybacks through normal course issuer bid programs
and on uses that include, but are not limited to:
• Funding of strategic acquisitions and investments (including wireless spectrum                                 In 2022, excess free cash flow (1) was negative $245 million, down from negative
  purchases) that support the growth of our business                                                             $152 million in 2021. The year-over-year decrease was primarily attributable to
                                                                                                                 higher capital expenditures consistent with our accelerated capital expenditure
• Debt reduction                                                                                                 program to accelerate the rollout of Bell’s wireline fibre and wireless 5G and 5G+
                                                                                                                 infrastructure. Cash flows from operating activities in 2022 were $8,365 million, up
                                                                                                                 $357 million year-over-year.



Total shareholder return performance
Five-year total                                       One-year total
shareholder return (2)                                shareholder return (2)


+30.3%
2018-2022
                                                      (4.2%)
                                                      2022


Five-year cumulative total value of a $100 investment (3)
December 31, 2017 – December 31, 2022

                                                                                                                 This graph compares the yearly change in the cumulative annual total shareholder
                                                                                                                 return of BCE common shares against the cumulative annual total return of the S&P
                                                                                                                 Global Ratings Canada (S&P)/TSX Composite Index (4), for the five-year period
                                                                                                                 ending December 31, 2022, assuming an initial investment of $100 on
                                                                                                                 December 31, 2017 and the quarterly reinvestment of all dividends.




(1) Excess free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures in this MD&A for more information on this measure.
(2) Shareholder return is defined as the change in BCE’s common share price for a specified period plus BCE common share dividends reinvested, divided by BCE’s common share price at the beginning of the period.
(3) Based on BCE’s common share price on the TSX and assuming the reinvestment of dividends.
(4) As the headline index for the Canadian equity market, the S&P/TSX Composite Index is the primary gauge against which to measure total shareholder return for Canadian-based, TSX-listed companies.

20     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
1 MD&A Overview


Strong capital structure
BCE’s balance sheet is underpinned by a healthy available liquidity (1) position of $3.5 billion at the end of 2022, comprised of $99 million in cash, $50 million in cash
equivalents, $700 million available under our securitized receivables program and $2.65 billion available under our $3.5 billion committed revolving and expansion credit
facilities (2), and an investment-grade credit profile, providing the company with a solid financial foundation and a high level of overall financial flexibility. BCE has an
attractive long-term debt maturity profile with no maturities until the third quarter of 2023. We continue to monitor the capital markets for opportunities to lower our cost of
debt and optimize our cost of capital. We seek to proactively manage financial risk in terms of currency exposure of our U.S. dollar-denominated purchases, as well as equity
risk exposure under BCE’s long-term equity-based incentive plans and interest rate and foreign currency exposure under our various debt instruments. We also seek to
maintain investment-grade credit ratings with stable outlooks.

Attractive long-term public                                                   Strong liquidity position (3)                                                     Investment-grade
debt maturity profile (3)                                                     • $2.65 billion available under our $3.5 billion multi-                           credit profile (3) (4)
• Average term of Bell Canada’s publicly issued debt                            year committed credit facilities                                                • Long-term debt credit rating of BBB (high) by DBRS
  securities: approximately 13 years                                          • $700 million accounts receivable securitization                                   Limited (DBRS), Baa 1 by Moody’s Investors
                                                                                available capacity                                                                Service, Inc. (Moody’s) and BBB+ by S&P, all with
• Average after-tax cost of publicly issued debt
  securities: 2.9%                                                            • $99 million cash                                                                  stable outlooks

• No publicly issued debt securities maturing until                           • $50 million cash equivalents
  Q3 2023


We monitor our capital structure by utilizing a number of measures, including net                                     issuance in Canada of medium-term note (MTN) debentures. Both the Canadian-
debt leverage ratio, adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio, and                                      dollar and U.S.-dollar issuances contributed to maintaining our after-tax cost of
dividend payout ratio.                                                                                                outstanding publicly issued debt securities relatively stable at approximately 2.9%
                                                                                                                      (4.0% on a pre-tax basis) and the average term to maturity at approximately
As a result of financing a number of strategic acquisitions made since 2010,                                          13 years. The net proceeds of the 2022 offerings were used to fund the early
including CTV Inc. (CTV), Astral Media Inc. (Astral), MLSE, Bell Aliant Inc. and                                      redemption of $1 billion of Bell Canada MTN debentures maturing in 2023, to repay
Manitoba Telecom Services Inc. (MTS); voluntary pension plan funding                                                  short-term debt and for general corporate purposes.
contributions to reduce our pension solvency deficit; wireless spectrum purchases;
accelerated capital expenditures; as well as a one-time unfavourable impact                                           BCE also redeemed all of its outstanding Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred
in 2019 due to the adoption of IFRS 16 that added $2.3 billion of lease liabilities to                                Shares, Series AO (Series AO Preferred Shares) in March 2022 at a redemption
net debt (1) on our balance sheet on January 1, 2019, our net debt leverage ratio                                     price of $25.00 per Series AO Preferred Share, for a total amount of $115 million.
has increased above our internal target range. At December 31, 2022, our net debt
leverage ratio (1) was 3.30 times adjusted EBITDA, which exceeded the upper end                                       In March 2022, Bell Canada renewed its short form base shelf prospectus, enabling
of our internal target range by 0.80 times.                                                                           Bell Canada to offer debt securities from time to time until April 7, 2024. The debt
                                                                                                                      securities will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by BCE. Consistent with past
BCE’s adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio (1) at the end                                           practice, the short form base shelf prospectus was renewed to continue to provide
of 2022 remained above our internal target range of greater than 7.5 times                                            Bell Canada with financial flexibility and efficient access to the Canadian and U.S.
adjusted EBITDA at 8.50 times, providing good predictability in our debt service                                      debt capital markets.
costs and protection from interest rate volatility.
                                                                                                                      Subsequent to year end, on February 9, 2023, Bell Canada completed a public
BCE credit ratios                              Internal target    December 31, 2022      December 31, 2021            offering in Canada of $1.5 billion of MTN debentures in two series. The $1.05 billion
Net debt leverage ratio                              2.0–2.5                     3.30                    3.17         4.55% Series M-58 MTN debentures will mature on February 9, 2030. The
                                                                                                                      $450 million 5.15% Series M-59 MTN debentures will mature on February 9, 2053.
Adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net                                                                                       The net proceeds of the offering were used to repay short-term debt and for general
   interest expense ratio                                >7.5                    8.50                    8.77
                                                                                                                      corporate purposes.
                                                                                                                      As at March 2, 2023, Bell Canada had issued $2.5 billion principal amount of debt
Bell Canada successfully accessed the debt capital markets in February 2022 and
                                                                                                                      securities under its new short form base shelf prospectus.
November 2022, raising $750 million in U.S. dollars ($954 million in Canadian
dollars) in gross proceeds from the issuance of notes in the U.S., and a total of
$1 billion in gross proceeds from the




(1) Available liquidity and net debt are non-GAAP financial measures and net debt leverage ratio and adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio are capital management measures. See section 11.1, Non-GAAP
    financial measures and section 11.4, Capital management measures in this MD&A for more information on these measures.
(2) In 2022, Bell Canada converted its committed credit facilities into a sustainability-linked loan. The amendment introduces a borrowing cost that varies based on Bell’s performance of certain sustainability performance targets.
(3) As at December 31, 2022
(4) These credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of the securities referred to, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the rating
    agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor. Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     21
1 MD&A Overview



1.5           Corporate governance and risk management
Corporate governance philosophy
The Board and management of BCE believe that strong corporate governance practices contribute to superior results in creating and maintaining shareholder value. That is
why we continually seek to strengthen our leadership in corporate governance and ethical business conduct by adopting best practices, and providing full transparency and
accountability to our shareholders. The Board is responsible for the supervision of the business and affairs of the company.
Below are our key Board information and governance best practices:


     ✓    Directors are ALL Independent (except CEO)                                         ✓        Directors’ Tenure Guidelines

99.5% 2022 Board and Committee Director Attendance Record                                    ✓        Board Renewal: 8 Non-Executive Director
                                                                                                      Nominees < 7 Years Tenure
     ✓    Board Committee Members are All Independent
                                                                                             ✓        Share Ownership Guidelines for Directors and Executives
     ✓    Board Diversity Policy and Target for Gender Representation
                                                                                             ✓        Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Program
     ✓    Annual Election of All Directors
                                                                                             ✓        Annual Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation
     ✓    Directors Elected Individually
                                                                                             ✓        Formal Board Evaluation Process
     ✓    Majority Voting for Directors
                                                                                             ✓        Board Risk Oversight Practices
     ✓    Separate Chair and CEO
                                                                                             ✓        ESG Strategy Reviewed by Board
     ✓    Board Interlocks Guidelines
                                                                                             ✓        Robust Succession Planning



For more information, please refer to BCE’s most recent notice of annual general shareholder meeting and management proxy circular (the Proxy Circular) filed with the
Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities (available at sedar.com) and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (available at sec.gov), and
available on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.


Risk governance framework
Board oversight                                                                            Risk information is reviewed by the Board or the relevant committee throughout the
                                                                                           year, and business leaders present regular updates on the execution of business
BCE’s full Board is entrusted with the responsibility for identifying and overseeing       strategies, risks and mitigation.
the principal risks to which our business is exposed and seeking to ensure there
are processes in place to effectively identify, monitor and manage them. These             • The Risk and Pension Fund Committee has oversight responsibility for the
processes seek to mitigate rather than eliminate risk. A risk is the possibility that an     organization’s risk governance framework, which exists to identify, assess, mitigate
event might happen in the future that could have a negative effect on our business,          and report key risks to which BCE is exposed. As part of its Charter, the Risk and
financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation. While the Board has         Pension Fund Committee is tasked with oversight of risks relating to business
overall responsibility for risk, the responsibility for certain elements of the risk         continuity plans, work stoppage and disaster recovery plans, regulatory and public
oversight program is delegated to Board committees in order to ensure that they              policy, information management and privacy, information security (including cyber
are treated with appropriate expertise, attention and diligence, with reporting to the       security), physical security, fraud, vendor and supply chain management, ESG
Board on a regular basis.                                                                    (including climate change), the pension fund, network resiliency, and other risks as
                                                                                             required. The Risk and Pension Fund Committee receives reports on security
                                                                                             matters, including information security, and on environmental matters at each of its
                                                                                             meetings.
                                                                                           • The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing financial reporting and
                                                                                             disclosure, as well as the organization’s internal control systems and compliance
                                                                                             with legal requirements
                                                                                           • The Management Resources and Compensation Committee (Compensation
                                                                                             Committee) oversees risks relating to compensation, succession planning and
                                                                                             workplace policies and practices
                                                                                           • The Corporate Governance Committee (Governance Committee) assists the Board
                                                                                             in developing and implementing BCE’s corporate governance guidelines and
                                                                                             determining the composition of the Board and its committees. The Governance
                                                                                             Committee is responsible for oversight of our corporate purpose and ESG strategy
                                                                                             (including integration of ESG within our company strategy), and monitoring the
                                                                                             implementation of ESG programs, goals and key initiatives, and related disclosure.
                                                                                             The Governance Committee is also responsible for oversight of the organization’s
                                                                                             policies concerning business conduct, ethics and public disclosure of material
                                                                                             information.

22       BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
1 MD&A Overview


Risk management culture                                                               First line – operational business units
There is a strong culture of risk management at BCE that is actively promoted by      The first line refers to management within our operational business units, who are
the Board, the Risk and Pension Fund Committee and the President and CEO, at          expected to understand their operations in great detail and the financial results that
all levels within the organization. It is a part of how the company operates on a     underpin them. There are regular reviews of operating performance involving the
day-to-day basis and is woven into its structure and operating principles, guiding    organization’s executive and senior management. The discipline and precision
the implementation of the organization’s strategic imperatives.                       associated with this process, coupled with the alignment and focus around
                                                                                      performance goals, creates a high degree of accountability and transparency in
The President and CEO, selected by the Board, has set his strategic focus through     support of our risk management practices.
the establishment of six strategic imperatives and focuses risk management
around the factors that could impact the achievement of those strategic               As risks emerge in the business environment, they are discussed in a number of
imperatives. While the constant state of change in the economic environment and       regular forums to share details and explore their relevance across the organization.
the industry creates challenges that need to be managed, clarity around strategic     Executive and senior management are integral to these activities in driving the
objectives, performance expectations, risk management and integrity in execution      identification, assessment, mitigation and reporting of risks at all levels. Formal risk
ensures discipline and balance in all aspects of our business.                        reporting occurs through strategic planning sessions, management presentations to
                                                                                      the Board and formal enterprise risk reporting, which is shared with the Board and
                                                                                      the Risk and Pension Fund Committee during the year.
Risk management framework
While the Board is responsible for BCE’s risk oversight program, operational          Management is also responsible for maintaining effective internal controls and for
business units are central to the proactive identification and management of risk.    executing risk and control procedures on a day-to-day basis. Each operational
They are supported by a range of corporate support functions that provide             business unit develops its own operating controls and procedures that fit the needs
independent expertise to reinforce implementation of risk management approaches       of its unique environment.
in collaboration with the operational business units. The Internal Audit function
provides a further element of expertise and assurance, working to provide insight     Second line – corporate support functions
and support to the operational business units and corporate support functions,
                                                                                      BCE is a very large enterprise, with 44,610 employees as at December 31, 2022,
while also providing the Audit Committee, and other Board committees as required,
                                                                                      multiple business units and a diverse portfolio of risks that is constantly evolving
with an independent perspective on the state of risk and control within the
                                                                                      based on internal and external factors. In a large organization, it is common to
organization. Collectively, these elements can be thought of as a “three lines”
                                                                                      manage certain functions centrally for efficiency, scale and consistency. While the
approach to risk management. Although the risk management framework
                                                                                      first line is often central to identification and management of business risks, in many
described in this section 1.5 is aligned with industry practices, there can be no
                                                                                      instances operational management works collaboratively with, and also relies on, the
assurance that it will be sufficient to prevent the occurrence of events that could
                                                                                      corporate functions that make up the second line of support in these areas. These
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity,
                                                                                      corporate functions include Regulatory, Finance, Corporate Security, Corporate Risk
financial results or reputation.
                                                                                      Management, Legal, Corporate Responsibility, Human Resources, Real Estate and
                                                                                      Procurement.
                                                                                      Regulatory function: This function is responsible for the regulatory portfolio,
                                                                                      including an expanding range of obligations set out in new privacy and data
                                                                                      protection laws being enacted in Canada and around the world. BCE has developed,
                                                                                      and maintains, an enhanced Data Governance Policy that encompasses the
                                                                                      protection and appropriate use of data across its life cycle. A significant element of
                                                                                      the data governance program relies on the Corporate Security activities outlined
                                                                                      below and these two functions work jointly with data owners, data custodians and
                                                                                      other relevant employees to ensure this policy is appropriately implemented. We
                                                                                      recognize that a strong and consistently applied approach to data governance is
                                                                                      essential to maintaining the social licence necessary to achieve our business
              Operational              .                                              objectives. For more information on our approach to privacy and data security, refer
             Business Units           Risk and                                        to section 1.6, Capitals and our corporate responsibility, in this MD&A.
                1st line
              functions
                                      control
                                    environment                                       Finance function: BCE’s Finance function plays a pivotal role in seeking to identify,
                                                                                      assess and manage risks through a number of activities, which include financial
                                                                                      performance management, external reporting, pension management, capital
                            \                                                         management, and oversight and execution practices related to the U.S. Sarbanes-
                                                                                      Oxley Act of 2002 and equivalent Canadian securities legislation, including the
                                “     Corporate                                       establishment and maintenance of appropriate internal control over financial
                                      2nd line                                        reporting. BCE has also established and maintains disclosure controls and
                                                                                      procedures to seek to ensure that the information it publicly discloses, including




                                                                                                                                                                           23
1 MD&A Overview

its business risks, is accurately recorded, processed, summarized and reported on      To further coordinate efforts between the first and second lines, BCE has established
a timely basis. For more details concerning BCE’s internal control over financial      a Health and Safety, Security, Environment and Compliance Oversight Committee
reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, refer to the Proxy Circular and      (HSSEC Committee). A significant number of BCE’s most senior leaders are
section 12, Effectiveness of internal controls, in this MD&A.                          members of the HSSEC Committee, the purpose of which is to oversee BCE’s
                                                                                       strategic security (including information security), compliance, environmental, and
Corporate Security function: This function is responsible for all aspects of           health and safety risks and opportunities. This cross-functional committee seeks to
security, which requires a deep understanding of the business, the risk                ensure that relevant risks are adequately recognized and mitigation activities are
environment and the external stakeholder environment. Based on this                    well integrated and aligned across the organization and are supported with sufficient
understanding, Corporate Security sets the standards of performance required           resources. The HSSEC Committee also mandates the company’s Energy Board, a
across the organization through security policy definitions and monitors the           working group composed of business unit employees, including vice-presidents and
organization’s performance against these policies. In high and emerging risk areas     directors, to ensure oversight of our overall energy consumption and costs with the
such as information security, Corporate Security leverages its experience and          objective of minimizing financial and reputational risks while maximizing business
competence and, through collaboration with the operational business units,             opportunities. The Energy Board also oversees the progress made towards meeting
develops strategies intended to seek to mitigate the organization’s risks. For         our GHG emissions reduction and supplier engagement targets.
instance, we have implemented security awareness training and policies and
procedures that seek to mitigate information security threats. We further rely on      In addition, the company’s Corporate Responsibility (CR) Board, composed of a
security assessments to identify risks, projects and implementation controls with      significant number of employees at the senior vice-president, vice-president and
the objective of ensuring that systems are deployed with the appropriate level of      director levels, supports the evolution of our corporate responsibility strategy. The
control based on risk and technical capabilities, including access management,         CR Board has the responsibilities, among others, to embed corporate responsibility
vulnerability management, security monitoring and testing, to help identify and        considerations into corporate and business unit strategies, assist in identifying
respond to attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information systems and         corporate responsibility areas for further improvement, establish relevant ESG
networks. We evaluate and seek to adapt our security policies and procedures           metrics, respond to stakeholders’ concerns, review ESG public disclosures, approve
designed to protect our information and assets in light of the continuously evolving   procedures seeking to verify the accuracy of publicly disclosed ESG information and
nature and sophistication of information security threats. However, given in           support various corporate responsibility initiatives. The CR Board reports on
particular the complexity and scale of our business, network infrastructure,           progress to the HSSEC Committee, the co-chairs of which report to the Risk and
technology and IT support systems, there can be no assurance that the security         Pension Fund Committee, Governance Committee and Compensation Committee of
policies and procedures that we implement will prevent the occurrence of all           the Board of Directors. The CR Board also reports to the BCE Disclosure and
potential information security breaches. In addition, although BCE has contracted      Compliance Committee with regards to the public disclosure of ESG information.
an insurance policy covering information security risk, there can be no assurance
that any insurance we may have will cover the costs, damages, liabilities or losses
that could result from the occurrence of any information security breach.
                                                                                       Third line – internal audit function
                                                                                       Internal Audit is a part of the overall management information and control system
Corporate Risk Management function: This function works across the company             and has the responsibility to act as an independent appraisal function. Its purpose is
to gather information and report on the organization’s assessment of its principal     to provide the Audit Committee, other Board committees, as required, and
risks and the related exposures. Annually, senior management participate in a risk     management with objective evaluations of the company’s risk and control
survey that provides an important reference point in the overall risk assessment       environment, to support management in fulfilling BCE’s strategic imperatives and to
process.                                                                               maintain an audit presence throughout BCE and its subsidiaries.
In addition to the activities described above, the second line is also critical in
building and operating the oversight mechanisms that bring focus to relevant areas
of risk and reinforce the bridges between the first and second lines, thereby
seeking to ensure that there is a clear understanding of emerging risks, their
relevance to the organization and the proposed mitigation plans.

24   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
1 MD&A Overview



1.6           Capitals and our corporate responsibility
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our ESG objectives. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the
beginning of this MD&A.
Since our founding in 1880, Bell has been enabling Canadians to connect with each other and the world. Our approach to corporate responsibility is to manage the company
in ways that support the social and economic prosperity of our communities while safeguarding the environment, with a commitment to the highest ESG standards.


Corporate responsibility underpins our six strategic imperatives
Corporate responsibility is a fundamental element of each of the six strategic                                    safety. Since 2020, the Compensation Committee has formally added ESG targets to
imperatives that inform BCE’s policies, decisions and actions. Our focus is on                                    the corporate performance metrics within the measures of the company’s annual
creating a more sustainable future by embedding it directly into our six strategic                                short-term incentive compensation program, the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP). In
imperatives. As one of Canada’s largest companies, we are driven to continually                                   2022, to reflect how ESG is embedded into the overall strategy of the business,
improve our impact and our contribution to society with our network deployments,                                  ESG-related metrics were embedded throughout our strategic imperatives score and
investments in mental health initiatives, environmental sustainability and an                                     represent, in aggregate, at least 30% of the total strategic imperatives score. The
engaged workplace. This approach also supports our purpose to advance how                                         strategic imperative score represents 40% weighting of the Corporate Performance
Canadians connect with each other and the world.                                                                  Index within the AIP. The majority of team members participate in the AIP.
Our corporate responsibility approach is informed by a set of guiding principles that                             Since 1993, BCE has been publishing a Corporate Responsibility Report detailing
support our corporate strategy and policies throughout the organization. Through                                  our performance in managing ESG issues. However, 2022 marks the first year we
stakeholder engagement and our own internal processes, we monitor ESG issues                                      present our financial and non-financial performance in an Integrated Annual Report
and opportunities and set objectives for priority issues seeking to enhance                                       following the principles of the <IR> Framework. We believe this approach provides a
sustainability performance. We constantly measure and report on our progress.                                     useful basis for disclosing how we seek to create sustained value for our
Through these actions, we strive to drive environmental leadership, achieve a                                     stakeholders over time. An integral element of the <IR> Framework are the six
diverse and inclusive workplace, lead data governance, and protect and build                                      pillars, called “capitals” (our networks, our customers and relationships, our products
stronger, healthier communities.                                                                                  and services, our environment, our people and our financial resources). We call
                                                                                                                  them capitals because they are inputs to value creation.
The Board has established clear oversight of our corporate responsibility programs
and our approach to ESG practices with primary accountability at the committee                                    BCE is recognized for its corporate responsibility and ESG programs, as reflected in
level. The Governance Committee is responsible for oversight of our corporate                                     its inclusion in various sustainability indices and its receipt of sustainability awards,
purpose and our ESG strategy and disclosure, which includes oversight and                                         such as the Global 100 by Corporate Knights (1) and the Order of Excellence for
related disclosure of climate-related risks. It is also responsible for our governance                            Mental Health at Work by Excellence Canada. (2) In 2022, BCE continued to be
practices and policies, including those concerning business conduct and ethics. In                                listed on socially responsible investment indices, such as the FTSE4Good Index, the
addition, the Risk and Pension Fund Committee oversees environmental, safety                                      Jantzi Social Index, the Ethibel Sustainability Index Excellence Global, the Euronext
and security risks, including data governance and cybersecurity, while the Audit                                  Vigeo World 120 index, Oekom Research ISS index, MSCI ESG Index, the Global
Committee monitors significant ESG issues and approves our risks and                                              Compact 100 index and since January 2023, we are a constituent of the Global
assumptions disclosures. The Compensation Committee has oversight of human                                        100 index from Corporate Knights.
resource issues including respectful workplace practices, DEIB, team survey
results, human rights and health and




(1) In January 2023, Corporate Knights, a sustainable-economy media and research company, ranked Bell #42 in its 2023 ranking of the World’s 100 Most Sustainable Corporations. The ranking is based on an assessment of
    more than 6,000 public companies with revenue over US $1 billion. All companies are scored on applicable metrics relative to their peers, with 50% of the weight assigned to sustainable revenue and sustainable investment.
(2) Excellence Canada, an independent not-for-profit corporation dedicated to advancing organizational performance across Canada, awarded Bell Canada the Order of Excellence for Mental Health at Work. This certification
    recognizes Bell’s establishment of mental health at work best practices benchmarked against world-class organizations, and the demonstrated impact of Bell’s mental health focus over several years.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                             25
1 MD&A Overview


Our networks


Our networks and services are fundamental to the communities we serve, the              Investing in network security, capacity and resiliency has helped Bell achieve
nation’s economy and Canadian society as a whole. Our networks are integral to          99.9901% network reliability in 2022. Our investments provide core network
delivering our wireless, wireline, and broadcasting services. We work closely with      architecture, diversity and redundancy – including multiple transport routes – which
governments, regulators and our customers to maximize these societal benefits.          minimize the risk of major service disruptions. We also proactively provide
                                                                                        notifications to keep customers informed if services are disrupted.
Additionally, privacy and information security present both potentially significant
risks and opportunities for any business operating in the digital economy. They are
the subject of an expanding range of obligations, including under new privacy and       Key metrics
data protection laws being enacted in Canada and around the world. Our
                                                                                        5G network coverage                           Number of additional
customers, team members and investors increasingly expect us to demonstrate
that we collect data appropriately, use it for purposes that advance their interests,   at December 31                                pure fibre locations built
and keep it secure.

How digital access helps create value
Advanced communications networks provide access to a broad spectrum of
everyday activities for all Canadians. Today, Bell’s network technologies are a key
part of Canada’s 21st century infrastructure. Our networks provide an ever-
increasing number of consumers and businesses of all sizes with greater
capabilities and new opportunities to connect, build, and grow, while bridging the
digital divide.

Our activities and outcomes
Bell investments are delivering benefits directly to our customers, from providing
more consumers with better access to family and friends, remote learning and            Bell’s network reliability (1)
entertainment to enabling businesses and communities to operate more efficiently
and grow in the digital economy. At the same time, by continuing to close the digital
divides that separate communities, we are also supporting growth among suppliers
and partners and helping build and drive innovation across the Canadian digital
ecosystem.
In 2022, Bell’s capital expenditures were $5.1 billion as we continued to accelerate
fibre deployments directly to homes and businesses and 5G wireless connectivity
throughout our footprint. As a direct result of these investments, Bell’s pure fibre    How data privacy governance helps create value
Internet was made available to an additional 854,000 homes and businesses by
the end of 2022.                                                                        We recognize that to achieve our purpose of advancing how Canadians connect with
                                                                                        each other and the world, we must maintain the social licence from our customers
Bell wireless and network technologies are a key part of Canada’s 21st century          and all Canadians to collect and use data in our operations. A strong and
infrastructure. Bell’s LTE wireless network reached 99% of Canadians by 2020.           consistently applied approach to data governance is critical to maintaining that social
Since then we have launched and expanded our 5G network in urban and rural              licence by focusing on respecting the privacy of our customers’ data and protecting
markets, reaching 82% of all Canadians by the end of 2022.                              such data against information security threats. Conversely, failure to meet customer
                                                                                        expectations regarding the appropriate use and protection of their data can have
                                                                                        negative reputational, business and financial consequences for our company.




(1) Bell’s network reliability refers to our high-speed Internet connection.

26     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
1 MD&A Overview


Our activities and outcomes                                                            Our activities and outcomes
Our approach to data governance encompasses the protection and appropriate             We are focused on maintaining the trust that our customers have in us to protect
use of data across their life cycle, and we are incorporating data governance          their data. To do this, we are implementing prevention, detection, and response
proactively as a core consideration in all our business initiatives and technology     programs related to security threats. In addition, we are helping define industry
decisions. We have a data governance policy which covers privacy, information          security and risk management practices, and we are training our team members on
security, data access management and records management. All employees are             data protection.
trained on data governance, as part of our mandatory biannual code of business
conduct training. In 2022, Bell continued to make significant investments in people,   In 2022, we have aligned our Information Security program at 80% of the ISO/IEC
processes and technology in order to seek to protect confidential information from     27001 standard which puts us in a good position to meet our target of 100%
evolving cybersecurity threats.                                                        alignment by the end of 2023. Starting in 2021, we launched our Be Cyber Savvy
                                                                                       information security training program. This training program includes onboarding to
                                                                                       our specialized Cyber Awareness platform, the conducting of monthly phishing
Key metric                                                                             simulations and the completion of four baseline courses. Team members must
                                                                                       complete these four courses within 12 months of being onboarded to the program.
                                            2020              2021            2022
                                                                                       This year, 88% of onboarded team members completed baseline training by the end
Number of unresolved well-founded                                                      of 2022. As we move forward, we believe a combination of training, clear messaging,
privacy complaints from the                                                            and positive reinforcement when reporting a phishing attempt, should lead to year-
Office of the Privacy Commissioner
of Canada                                      0                0                0
                                                                                       over-year phishing report rate improvement. In addition, to demonstrate employee-
                                                                                       level organizational awareness in keeping Bell secure we are integrating a new
                                                                                       metric, which consists of the number of reported phish simulations between our fully
How information security governance                                                    trained employees and non-trained employees on our Be Cyber Savvy information
                                                                                       security training. This year, we observed a 155% increase in reported phishing
helps create value                                                                     simulations, signaling we are moving in the right direction.
Cybersecurity threats give rise to new and emerging standards and regulations.
We need to be able to identify and address information security risks in a timely      Key metric
manner in order to be in a better position to protect our market share and
reputation, and these efforts align with our strategic imperative to champion          Reported phish simulation between our fully trained
customer experience, while at the same time reducing exposure to cyberattacks.         employees and non-trained employees on our Be Cyber
Avoiding data breaches can also limit the increase in expenses associated with         Savvy information security training
remediation efforts and legal exposures, aligning with our strategic imperative to
operate with agility and cost efficiency.




Our customers and relationships


Since 2010, the Bell Let’s Talk mental health initiative has raised awareness and      How taking action on mental health
action for Canadian mental health, with a focus on helping reduce the stigma
around mental illness, improving access to care, supporting world-class research       helps create value
and leading by example in workplace mental health. Over the last 13 years,             Our products and services help communities thrive, and we believe the way we
Canadians and people worldwide have taken action to create positive change by          invest – our time, our money and our passion – has a positive impact on the
engaging in the mental health conversation, working hard to help create a Canada       communities we serve. Communities also benefit from the engagement of our team
where everyone can get the culturally-appropriate mental health support they           members as they support the causes they value deeply. Bell is taking a leading role
need.                                                                                  in helping address the mental health crisis in Canada with the Bell Let’s Talk mental
                                                                                       health initiative. The program encourages Canadians to take action and achieve
                                                                                       positive change in their mental health.


                                                                                                                                                                         27
1 MD&A Overview


Our activities and outcomes                                                                                       Key metric
In the lead up to Bell Let’s Talk Day 2023, $2.3 million in funding for mental health                             On January 9, 2023, Bell committed an additional $10 million toward our goal of
was awarded to projects across the country. This included:                                                        $155 million for Canadian mental health programs by 2025. This action replaced the
• $1 million from the Bell Let’s Talk Post-Secondary Fund to support 10 colleges,                                 donation of 5 cents per interaction that Bell has made in previous years on Bell Let’s
  universities and cégeps                                                                                         Talk Day. This new funding of $10 million is more than Bell has ever committed on
                                                                                                                  Bell Let’s Talk Day and it shifted the emphasis on Bell Let’s Talk Day toward practical
• $1.1 million from the Bell Let’s Talk Diversity Fund to 11 organizations supporting                             actions that Canadians can all take throughout the year to create change. With the
  the mental health and well-being of Canada’s Black, Indigenous and People of                                    additional $10 million, Bell has committed more than $139 million towards its
  Colour (BIPOC) communities                                                                                      $155 million goal and has partnered with more than 1,400 organizations providing
• $200,000 to Cité de la Santé Foundation for the refurbishment of the psychiatric                                mental health support and services throughout Canada.
  unit at the Cité-de-la-Santé Hospital (CISSS in Laval).
In January 2023, more than 300 communities and organizations across Canada
and around the world showed their support for mental health by raising the Bell
Let’s Talk flag at city and town halls, military bases, schools and other locations.
Students at 210 Canadian universities, colleges and cégeps across the country
also engaged in a variety of initiatives in their learning environments to promote
student mental health.


Our products and services


Our products and services provide value to Canadians by helping them both                                         • teleconferencing and teleworking which help ensure business continuity, as
mitigate climate change and adapt to its impacts. Our solutions enable customers                                    evidenced during the COVID-19 pandemic,
to reduce environmental impacts, improve health and safety and better safeguard                                   • dematerialization which substitutes technology (e.g., online banking apps) for
protected data from growing risks.                                                                                  travel (e.g., commuting to the bank),
                                                                                                                  • social networks, enabled by our infrastructure, which have a broad range of
How our products and services contributing                                                                          benefits, including car pooling and alternative travel solutions when extreme
to climate change mitigation and adaptation                                                                         climate events limit transportation options.
helps create value                                                                                                At Bell, we believe it is important to understand the net carbon abatement impact of
Bell technologies and services can help our customers reduce energy needs,                                        our solutions on the planet’s carbon load. To achieve this, we have worked with
minimize carbon footprints and enhance productivity. Our solutions help                                           Groupe AGECO, a third-party consultant with expertise in GHG quantification, to
businesses embrace new ways to communicate, collaborate, ensure business                                          develop a methodology which quantifies the carbon reduction capacity of our
continuity and be able to maintain services in the event of emergencies and                                       products and services used by our customers.
extreme incidents.
                                                                                                                  Key metric
Our activities and outcomes
                                                                                                                  GHG emissions avoided by our customers
Our solutions include:                                                                                            through the use of Bell’s products and services
• virtualization and cloud computing which encourage optimal use of space, power                                  Number of times by which GHG emissions abated through the use
  and cooling resources by consolidating servers and storage and improve                                          of Bell technologies exceed GHG emitted by Bell’s operations (1)
  business continuity through redundancies in our network,
• IoT services which can help optimize asset and fleet management and are
  effective for smart buildings, smart cities, smart operations and smart fieldwork
  applications,




(1) Taking into account the products and services for which Bell has developed the technology and plays a fundamental role in its delivery to clients, as well as the products and services for which Bell has not developed the
    technology but enables it by providing the network. GHG emitted by Bell’s operations refers to scope 1 emissions (direct GHG emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by Bell) and scope 2 emissions (indirect GHG
    emissions associated with the consumption of purchased electricity, heating/cooling and steam required by Bell’s activities.) The analyses were performed based on 2015, 2017 and 2020 data, respectively.

28     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
1 MD&A Overview


Our environment


We strive to minimize the negative environmental impacts of our operations and to                                   climate-related risks and opportunities from organizations worldwide. In 2022, we
create positive impacts where possible. We also know that our team members, our                                     obtained an A- score, ranking us in the “Leadership Band” for the seventh
customers, and our investors expect this. Taking care of the environment makes                                      consecutive year, recognizing our leadership on climate action, our alignment with
good business sense. If we fail to take action to reduce our negative impacts on                                    current best practices and the transparency of our climate-related disclosures.
the environment, we risk losing our valuable team members and customers to                                          Furthermore, we disclose annually on our risks and opportunities related to climate
competitors, we risk increased costs due to fines or remediation requirements, and                                  change following the 11 recommendations of the Financial Stability Board’s Task
we risk losing investors, all of which could adversely impact our business.                                         Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). We are also engaged in
                                                                                                                    reducing our GHG footprint to contribute to the global effort in fighting climate
We have been implementing and maintaining programs to reduce the                                                    change. We have set the target to be carbon neutral for our operational GHG
environmental impact of our operations for more than 30 years. Our Environmental                                    emissions (4) starting in 2025. For 2026 and 2030, we have set science-based GHG
Policy, first issued in 1993, reflects our team members’ values, as well as the                                     emissions reduction targets that are consistent with the goals of the Paris
expectations of customers, investors and society that we regard environmental                                       Agreement. The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) (5) has approved the three
protection as an integral part of doing business that needs to be managed                                           specific targets set by BCE Inc. that cover all scopes.
systematically under a continuous improvement process. We implemented an
environmental management system (EMS) to help with this continuous
improvement, which has been certified ISO 14001 (1) since 2009, making us the                                       Key metrics
first North American communications company to be so designated. We have                                            Energy intensity (Energy consumption (Megawatt hours
continuously maintained this certification since then. In addition, Bell’s energy
                                                                                                                    (MWh) equivalent) divided by network usage (petabytes))
management system was certified ISO 50001 (2) in 2020, also making us the first
North American communications company to be so designated (3).

How addressing climate change
helps create value
Climate change poses risks to the health of our operating environment and our
ability to create value. To help mitigate these risks, we aim to reduce our energy
consumption and GHG emissions while continuing to adapt to the impacts of
climate change.

Our activities and outcomes
We are taking action both to help fight climate change and adapt to its
consequences. We are adapting by taking action to maintain our resiliency in the
face of climate change, and are helping our customers do the same. To fight                                         Operational (scope 1 and 2) GHG emissions
climate change, we are focused on reducing our energy consumption and GHG
emissions, while also helping customers reduce theirs. Fostering innovation that
helps reduce our carbon footprints is part of our culture. On an annual basis, we
calculate, monitor and publicly report on our energy performance and GHG
emissions as part of our environmental and energy management systems. Since
2003, we report on our climate change mitigation and adaptation efforts through
the CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project), a not-for-profit organization that
gathers information on




(1) Our ISO 14001 certification covers Bell Canada’s oversight of the EMS associated with the development of policies and procedures for the delivery of landline, wireless, TV and Internet services, broadband and connectivity
    services, data hosting, cloud computing, radio broadcasting and digital media services, along with related administrative functions.
(2) Our ISO 50001 certification covers Bell Canada’s energy management program associated with the activities of real estate management services, fleet services, radio broadcasting and digital media services, landline, wireless,
    TV, Internet services, connectivity, broadband services, data hosting and cloud computing, in addition to related general administrative functions.
(3) Bell’s review in 2020 of publicly available information for North-American communications and telecommunications companies indicated Bell was the first of its North American communications and telecommunications
    competitors to receive ISO 14001 and 50001 certifications.
(4) Operational GHG emissions include scope 1 and scope 2 emissions. Scope 1 GHG emissions are direct emissions from sources that are controlled by Bell. Scope 2 GHG emissions are indirect emissions associated with the
    consumption of purchased electricity, heating/cooling and steam required by Bell’s activities.
(5) The SBTi is a partnership between CDP, the United Nations Global Compact, World Resources Institute and the World Wide Fund for Nature driving ambitious climate action in the private sector by enabling organizations to set
    science-based emissions reduction targets.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 29
1 MD&A Overview


How circular economy helps create value                                                                             adopted a new target to reach and maintain a 15% reduction of total waste sent to
                                                                                                                    landfill by 2025, with a reference year of 2019. Through setting ambitious waste
We are improving our circular economy model to focus on solutions that detach                                       reduction targets, such as the ones listed above, we are striving to build a resilient
growth from accelerating raw material consumption. This approach effectively                                        path to circularity with the general ambition of sending zero waste to landfill and are
reduces the environmental impact of our operations. Waste reduction is essential                                    investing in research and development of products where current technology does
to our objective of improving on our operational efficiency. Waste reduction also                                   not provide responsible waste diversion methods.
aligns with the values and expectations of our team members and customers.

                                                                                                                    Key metric
Our activities and outcomes
                                                                                                                    Cumulative recovery of used TV receivers, modems,
Bell has managed waste reduction, reuse and recycling programs for more than
30 years. We have ambitious waste reduction goals and strong monitoring                                             Wi-Fi pods (1) and mobile phones
processes in place that enable us to track and report on our waste-generating
activities. To manage the waste created from the electronic devices we distribute to
customers, we have implemented effective and accessible e-waste collection
programs for the recovery, reuse, refurbishment and recycling of customer-facing
devices, including national take-back programs, drop boxes and mail-in
instructions. To measure the success of these programs, we have set a goal of
collecting 7 million used TV receivers, modems, mobile phones and Wi-Fi pods
from January 2021 to the end of 2023. At Bell, we believe in leading by example,
and so to continue to manage and reduce the waste generated from our own
operations, we have




Our people


To execute on our strategic imperatives, we rely on the engagement and expertise                                    both essential. We are proud to be ranked as one of Canada’s Top Employers (2).
of our team members. We focus on attracting, developing and retaining the best                                      Bell has been recognized by Mediacorp as one of Canada’s Best Diversity
talent, as well as creating a positive team member experience to drive                                              Employers, Top Employers for Young People, Top Family-Friendly Employers, one of
effectiveness, high performance and agility in our evolving business environment.                                   Canada’s Greenest Employers and one of Montréal’s Top Employers (3) (4) (5) (6) (7).
Through workplace wellness initiatives and by celebrating diversity in the                                          Bell was also recognized as one of Canada’s Future Workforce Top Employers in
workplace, we reinforce our goal of creating a safe and inclusive atmosphere for all                                Computer Science based on input from thousands of Canadian university and
team members.                                                                                                       college students (8). We are focused on developing and retaining the best talent in
                                                                                                                    the country by providing a workplace that is positive, professional and rewarding, all
                                                                                                                    of which enable creativity and innovation. We also continue to develop, implement
How well-being helps create value                                                                                   and share mental health practices in the workplace, and to broaden our approach to
Bell team members bring our corporate purpose and strategic imperatives to life                                     emphasize total-health support. We educate team members through our training
every day. To support the Bell team, we strive for a dynamic culture where all team                                 programs and campaigns, support them through an extensive range of mental health
members feel valued and respected in a safe, supported environment. We offer                                        services, and support and adapt workplace policies and practices to foster a
inclusive benefits, ongoing education and awareness programs and a range of                                         psychologically safe workplace. Since 2010, over 90 metrics have been measured
progressive initiatives to foster well-being and success. At Bell, we believe that                                  quarterly and assessed for trends and program insights to closely monitor the
taking care of the well-being of our team members is essential to their personal                                    psychological health of our workplace. Collecting qualitative and quantitative data is
success and to our organization’s ongoing progress.                                                                 crucial to ensuring that we are heading in the right direction and making any required
                                                                                                                    adjustments to our mental health programs.
Our activities and outcomes
To foster the well-being of our team members, we believe that engaging our team
members as well as nurturing an inclusive environment are


(1) Wi-Fi pods have been included in the scope starting in 2021.
(2) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Top 100 Employers” in years 2016 to 2023 by Canada’s Top Employers, an editorial competition organized by Mediacorp Canada Inc., a publisher of employment periodicals. Winners
    are evaluated and selected based on their industry leadership in offering exceptional workplaces for their employees. Employers are compared to others in their field to determine which offers the most progressive and forward-
    thinking programs.
(3) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Best Diversity Employers” in years 2017 to 2022 by Canada’s Top 100 Employers. Winners are selected based on successful diversity initiatives in a variety of areas, when compared to
    other employers in the same field.
(4) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Top Employers for Young People” in years 2018 to 2022 by Canada’s Top 100 Employers. Winners are evaluated and selected based on the programs offered to attract and retain
    young employees, when compared to other employers in the same field.
(5) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Top Family-Friendly Employers” in years 2020 to 2022 by Canada’s Top 100 Employers. Winners are evaluated and selected based on the programs and initiatives offered to help
    employees balance work and family commitments, when compared to other employers in the same field.
(6) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Greenest Employers” in years 2017 to 2022 by Canada’s Top 100 Employers. Winners are evaluated and selected based on the development of sustainability initiatives and
    environmental leadership, when compared to other employers in the same field.
(7) Bell was recognized as one of “Montréal’s Top Employers” in years 2013 to 2023 by Canada’s Top Employers. Winners are evaluated and selected based on progressive and forward-thinking programs offered in a variety of
    areas, when compared to other organizations in the same field.
(8) Bell was recognized in 2021, 2022 and 2023 as one of Canada’s Future Workforce Top Employers - Computer Science by Brainstorm Strategy Group Inc., a Canadian provider of advice, insights and professional development
    to employers, universities and colleges. The most recent ranking was based on a survey conducted among more than 20,000 current Canadian university and college students.

30     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
1 MD&A Overview


Key metrics                                                                                                         In 2022, Bell continued its commitment to taking meaningful actions to address the
                                                                                                                    impacts of systemic racism on team members and others in BIPOC communities.
People leaders who                                          Overall team member                                     This includes:
completed mandatory                                         engagement score (1)
                                                                                                                    • Targets for BIPOC representation on our senior management team of at least 25%
base training on                                                                                                      by 2025 and 40% of new graduate and intern hires
mental health
                                                                                                                    • Partnerships with the Onyx Initiative and the Black Professionals in Tech Network
                                                                                                                      that are helping drive the recruitment of Black college and university students and
                                                                                                                      promote Black talent in technology
                                                                                                                    • Promoting greater diversity in Canadian media with the HireBIPOC website and
                                                                                                                      the Bell Media Content Diversity Task Force in partnership with BIPOC TV & Film
                                                                                                                    Looking ahead, we plan to continue building momentum for our diversity, equity,
                                                                                                                    inclusion and belonging strategy based on concrete objective-setting and the
                                                                                                                    integration of inclusive leadership practices.


                                                                                                                    Key metrics
                                                                                                                    Gender diverse (4)                              Gender diverse (4)
                                                                                                                    representation in                               representation
                                                                                                                    executive positions                             among directors
How fostering diversity, equity, inclusion                                                                          (vice-president level and above)                on the BCE Board
and belonging helps create value
At Bell, we are proud of our focus on fostering a diverse, inclusive, equitable and
accessible workplace where all team members feel valued, respected and
supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of
the communities we serve, where every team member has the opportunity to reach
their full potential. The integration of DEIB programs within Bell fosters the
innovation and creativity of our team members.

Our activities and outcomes
Our DEIB strategy is supported by a governance framework that includes the
Diversity Leadership Council with senior leaders from every business unit,
business unit committees and employee-led networks, including Black
Professionals at Bell, Pride at Bell, Diversability at Bell and Women at Bell.
                                                                                                                    BIPOC                                           BIPOC
In line with our objective of improving gender diversity, we are a signatory to the                                 representation                                  representation
Catalyst Accord 2022 (2) and a member of the 30% Club (3). Our current gender
diversity target is a minimum of 35% gender diverse directors on the BCE Board,
                                                                                                                    in Bell senior                                  among new graduates
and at least 35% of Bell leaders at the vice president level and above by the end of                                management                                      and interns
2023. By the end of 2022, we were at 32% for executives and 36% for Board
members.




Our financial resources


The financial resources of the company are addressed throughout this MD&A.




(1) This metric is calculated as the average score obtained in the annual Bell team member satisfaction survey. The Team Member Engagement score is based on five specific questions and the percentage of employees who
    responded favourably (Strongly agree or Agree) to these questions out of the total number of employees who responded to the survey.
(2) The Catalyst Accord 2022 calls on Canadian boards and CEOs to pledge to accelerate the advancement of women in business through these actions: Increase the average percentage of women on boards and women in
    executive positions in corporate Canada to 30% or greater by 2022.
(3) Recognizing Canada’s distinct corporate governance framework, the aim of the 30% Club Canada is to include both board Chairs and CEOs to achieve better gender balance at board level, as well at senior management
    levels.
(4) Gender diverse is defined as a person who identifies as a woman or with a gender other than a man or a woman.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                     31
1 MD&A Overview


Assumptions
GHG emissions reduction and supplier                                                  • No required changes to our SBTs pursuant to the SBTi methodology that would
                                                                                        make the achievement of our updated SBTs more onerous or unachievable in light
engagement targets                                                                      of business requirements
                                                                                      • Sufficient supplier engagement and collaboration in setting their own SBTs, no
                                                                                        significant change in the allocation of our spend by supplier and sufficient
                                                                                        collaboration with partners in reducing their own GHG emissions
Our GHG emissions reduction and supplier engagement targets are based on a
number of assumptions including, without limitation, the following principal
assumptions:                                                                          DEIB targets
• Implementation of various corporate and business initiatives to reduce our
  electricity and fuel consumption, as well as reduce other direct and indirect GHG
  emissions enablers
• No new corporate initiatives, business acquisitions, business divestitures or       Our DEIB targets are based on a number of assumptions including, without
  technologies that would materially change our anticipated levels of GHG             limitation, the following principal assumptions:
  emissions                                                                           • Ability to leverage DEIB partnerships and recruitment agencies to help identify
• Our ability to purchase sufficient credible carbon credits and renewable energy       qualified diverse talent for vacant positions
  certificates to offset or further reduce our GHG emissions, if and when required    • Sufficient diverse labour market availability
• No negative impact on the calculation of our GHG emissions from refinements in      • Implementation of corporate and business initiatives to increase awareness,
  or modifications to international standards or the methodology we use for the         education and engagement in support of our DEIB targets
  calculation of such GHG emissions                                                   • Propensity of existing employees and job-seekers to self-identify to enable a
                                                                                        diverse workforce representation


32   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives


2         Strategic imperatives
Our success is built on the BCE team’s dedicated execution of the six strategic imperatives that support our
purpose to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world.
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our network deployment plans and our 2023 objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to the
section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.



2.1 Build the best networks
           Continue to enhance our key competitive advantage                                                   • Bell’s 4G and 5G networks were ranked Canada’s fastest for the third year in a row
           with a focus on delivering leading broadband fibre and                                                in PCMag’s 2022 Fastest Mobile Networks Canada report, the annual study of
           wireless networks in locations large and small.                                                       mobile network performance across the country (1)

2022 progress                                                                                                  • Announced a large-scale investment in broadband infrastructure as part of the
                                                                                                                 Ontario Accelerated High Speed Internet Program (AHSIP). Bell is investing over
• Expanded our FTTP direct fibre footprint to an additional 854,000 homes and                                    $650 million in partnership with a Government of Ontario investment of
  businesses in communities throughout Manitoba, Ontario, Québec and Atlantic                                    $484 million, enabling the deployment of our all-fibre network to over
  Canada. FTTP delivers total broadband access speeds of up to 8 Gbps currently,                                 80,000 homes and businesses in underserved regions across Ontario as part of
  with faster speeds expected in the future as equipment evolves to support these                                AHSIP by 2025.
  higher speeds.
• Expanded our 5G wireless network to reach 82% of Canada’s population
                                                                                                               2023 focus
• Launched 5G+, the next evolution of 5G leveraging 3500 MHz wireless spectrum                                 • Increase the number of customer locations covered with direct fibre connections by
  acquired in 2021. 5G+ service is expected to be faster and more responsive than                                up to 650,000
  5G, allowing for a superior mobile experience. 5G+ coverage expanded to reach                                • Expand mobile 5G coverage to 85% of Canada’s population
  38% of Canada’s population at the end of 2022.                                                               • Increase coverage of 5G+ service to 46% of Canada’s population



2.2 Drive growth with innovative services
           Leverage the power of our leading network technologies                                              • Built on our position as the leading Internet service provider (ISP) in Canada with a
           to deliver differentiated communications services to                                                  retail high-speed Internet subscriber base of 4,258,570 at December 31, 2022, up
           Canadians and drive our revenue growth.                                                               10.3% over 2021

2022 progress                                                                                                  • Bell was named the top ISP among Canada’s major providers for gaming for the
                                                                                                                 second year in a row in PCMag’s Best Gaming ISPs Canada 2023 report based on
• Added 489,901 total net postpaid and prepaid mobile phone subscribers, up                                      PCMag’s Quality Index (speed, latency and jitter)
  66.2% over 2021
                                                                                                               • Launched Bell Gigabit Fibe 3.0 service offering symmetrical download and upload
• Expanded our lineup of 5G, 4G LTE and LTE-A devices, including Apple’s iPhone                                  speeds of 3 Gbps in several communities across Ontario, Québec and the Atlantic
  14 Series, the Samsung Galaxy S22 series and Google’s Pixel 7 and Pixel 7 Pro                                  provinces
• Introduced unlimited Ultimate plans, a tier of mobile unlimited share plans that                             • Introduced Bell Gigabit Fibe 8.0 offering symmetrical download and upload speeds
  provide significant data and max speeds, international messaging, high-definition                              of 8 Gbps, the fastest speeds available in the market today among major ISPs in
  (HD), video quality plus sharable data and calling within Canada and the U.S.                                  North America, in eligible areas of Toronto
  Customers who subscribe to an Ultimate plan also receive a 24-month
                                                                                                               • Launched the Giga Hub featuring Wi-Fi 6E, the fastest Wi-Fi technology available,
  subscription to Crave Mobile.
                                                                                                                 for fibre customers in Ontario and Québec
• Building on Bell’s strategic partnership with AWS, we launched the first public
                                                                                                               • Acquired EBOX and other related companies, which provide Internet, telephone
  MEC platform with AWS Wavelength in Canada at the edge of our 5G network
                                                                                                                 and TV services to consumers and businesses in Québec and parts of Ontario,
• Building on Bell’s strategic partnership with Google Cloud, we deployed the first                              strengthening our competitive position in the value-seeking segment of the market
  global production implementation of Google Distributed Cloud Edge for our core
                                                                                                               • Acquired Distributel, a national independent communications provider offering a
  network functions, driving digital transformation and operational efficiencies
                                                                                                                 wide range of consumer, business and wholesale communications services,
                                                                                                                 supporting our strategy to grow residential and business customers




(1) PCMag delivers labs-based, independent reviews of the latest technology products and services. In September 2022, PCMag ranked Bell’s mobile networks number one in its 2022 study of mobile network performance across
    Canada for a third year in a row. This study is based on a weighted average of download speeds, upload speeds and average latency in PCMag’s tests.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                        33
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives

2023 focus
• Maintain our market share of national operators’ postpaid mobile phone net                                       • Cross sell to customers who do not have all their telecommunication services with
  additions                                                                                                          Bell
• Growth of our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base                                                               • Continued diversification of Bell’s distribution strategy with a focus on expanding
• Introduction of more 5G devices and services                                                                       DTC and online transactions

 • In January 2023, Bell partnered with Snap Inc. to create a unique immersive                                     • In January 2023, Bell entered into a multi-year exclusive agreement to sell its Bell,
   experience for Toronto Raptors fans with the first ever 5G multi-user AR                                          Virgin Plus and Lucky Mobile wireless and wireline services through Staples stores
   basketball experience on Snapchat                                                                                 across Canada. In addition, Bell and Staples will partner to sell Bell wireless and
                                                                                                                     wireline services direct to medium-sized businesses through the Staples
• Increased adoption of unlimited data plans and device financing plans                                              Professional sales team, backed by Bell’s advanced communications expertise.
• Accelerated business customer adoption of advanced 5G and IoT solutions                                          • Continue to deliver network-centric managed and professional services solutions to
• Continued growth in retail Internet subscribers                                                                    large and medium-sized businesses that increase the value of connectivity
                                                                                                                     services
• Enhance Internet product superiority through new service offerings with next
  generation speeds and hardware to provide an enhanced customer experience in
  the home



2.3 Deliver the most compelling content
            Take a holistic approach to our mix of media and                                                       • Astral acquired Imagine Outdoor Advertising Ltd.’s entire digital OOH advertising
            distribution assets to deliver the content Canadians                                                     network in Alberta, bringing Astral’s total digital inventory in Alberta to 39 faces
            want the most.                                                                                         • Partnered with Air Canada to launch Live TV onboard select aircraft and domestic
                                                                                                                     routes, enabling passengers to watch live sports coverage on TSN and RDS, and
2022 progress                                                                                                        breaking news coverage from CTV News Channel and BNN Bloomberg
• Maintained our position as Canada’s largest TV provider with 2,751,498 retail
  subscribers at December 31, 2022, and increased our total number of IPTV                                         2023 focus
  subscribers by 5.6% to 1,988,181                                                                                 • Continued growth in IPTV subscribers
• Introduced the latest evolution of Fibe TV, with new capabilities and features                                   • Enhance TV product superiority through new service offerings and innovation to
  including access to the Google Play app catalogue, voice remote powered by                                         provide an enhanced customer experience in the home
  Google Assistant, universal search and Cloud PVR, backed by Google Android
  TV                                                                                                               • Reinforce industry leadership in conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV, streaming
                                                                                                                     and sports services
• Grew our Crave subscriber base to more than 3.1 million, up 6% over 2021
                                                                                                                    • In January 2023, TSN acquired exclusive media rights to PGA Tour Live, featuring
• Crave announced a long-term and exclusive Pay-One window licensing                                                  more than 4,300 hours of live coverage from PGA Tour events throughout the
  agreement for theatrical feature films from Sony Pictures Entertainment                                             season.
• Maintained CTV’s #1 ranking as the most-watched TV network in Canada for the                                     • Continued scaling of Crave through broader content offering, user experience
  21st year in a row (1)                                                                                             improvements and expanded distribution
• Formed a partnership with Lionsgate for a co-development deal to produce                                         • Continued investment in Noovo originals to increase market share and bolster our
  comedy and drama TV series for the global market                                                                   position through continued audience growth
• Announced a long-term expansion of our comprehensive media rights agreement                                      • Grow advertising revenue and maximize market share
  with the NFL, ensuring Bell Media remains the exclusive TV broadcast partner of
  the NFL in Canada                                                                                                • Scale our Strategic Audience Management (SAM) TV and Bell demand-side
                                                                                                                     platform (DSP) buying platforms, Bell Media’s advertising buying optimization
• TSN, Canada’s sports leader               (2),
                                        and RDS, the top French-language sports                                      platforms which give customers the ability to plan, activate and measure marketing
  network (1), entered into a multi-year agreement with MLS to deliver an extensive                                  campaigns using Bell’s premium first-party data and TV inventory
  schedule of regular season matches, plus marquee playoff matchups and the
  annual MLS Cup championship game                                                                                 • Advance our digital-first media strategy including growing digital revenues (3) and
                                                                                                                     DTC subscribers
• TSN and FanDuel Group, North America’s premier online gaming company,
  announced an exclusive multi-year agreement to introduce FanDuel’s sportsbook                                    • Optimize unique partnerships and strategic content investments to monetize
  to Canadian sports fans                                                                                            content rights and Bell Media properties across all platforms
• Launched noovo.info, a digital news platform that approaches news differently,
  notably through the distribution of information on social media and creation of
  news content for TikTok and Instagram to reach younger audiences



(1) Based on data provided by Numeris.
(2) Based on the depth and breadth of broadcasted sporting events, and TSN’s reach, according to data provided by Numeris, and TSN being the consumer preferred brand for live sports and sports news.
(3) Digital revenues are comprised of advertising revenue from digital platforms including web sites, mobile apps, connected TV apps and OOH digital assets/platforms, as well as advertising procured through Bell digital buying
    platforms and subscription revenue from direct-to-consumer services and Video on Demand services.

34     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives


2.4 Champion customer experience
             Make it easier for customers to do business                                                           • Launched app-based instructive flow for new self-install customers, with
             with Bell at every step, from sales to installation,                                                    customized support and the ability to advance the activation date
             to ongoing support.                                                                                   • Improved issue identification and assigned more case managers to handle
2022 progress                                                                                                        potentially challenging service experiences
                                                                                                                   • Leveraged AI to automate the service experience either through our agents or our
• Led national telecom service providers in reducing our share of consumer
                                                                                                                     digital platforms
  complaints, according to the 2021 – 2022 Annual Report from the Commission
  for Complaints for Telecom-television Services (CCTS). While complaints to the                                   • Created a new dedicated queue to support Mandarin and Cantonese customers in
  CCTS as a whole decreased by 25%, Bell again outpaced national competitors                                         their own language to produce a more personalized sales and service experience
  with a decrease of 38%. Bell’s overall share of complaints decreased to 17.2%,                                     for many new Canadians
  down 3.5 percentage points, which was the largest decline among national                                         • Bell was ranked the most valuable communications brand in Canada and the third
  providers.                                                                                                         most valuable overall in Kantar’s annual BrandZ report on the most valuable
• Bell was awarded Best of Show Mobile Application and Best Telecommunication                                        Canadian brands of 2022, reflecting our Bell for Better commitment to the highest
  Mobile Application for the MyBell app at the 2022 Mobile Web Awards by the                                         ESG standards, and our network reach, reliability and service excellence (3)
  Web Marketing Association (1)
• MyBell, Virgin Plus My Account and Lucky Mobile My Account all won Gold as
                                                                                                                   2023 focus
  the top service apps at the 2022 MarCom Awards (2)                                                               • Improve customer experience with continued scaling of digital sales capabilities
• Virgin Plus added a new “Request a Call” option to its self-serve channels,                                        and functionality
  allowing customers to book a call from a live care agent through the app,                                        • Further improve and expand self-installation capabilities
  website, chat and IVR channels if they have questions or require additional                                      • Further improve customer satisfaction scores
  support
                                                                                                                   • Further evolve our self-serve tools, including the addition of Wi-Fi check-up
• Improved postpaid mobile phone churn by 0.01 points (pts) over 2021 to 0.92%                                       functionality within the MyBell app, allowing customers to optimize their Wi-Fi
• Launched new tool allowing customers in Ontario and Québec to check for                                            network and ensure each device has a strong signal
  Internet outages in their area, including the ability to get real-time updates and                               • Further reduce the total number of customer calls to our call centres as well as the
  manage notifications on network status and resolution time                                                         number of truck rolls
                                                                                                                   • Continue to invest in AI and machine learning to resolve customer issues faster




2.5 Operate with agility and cost efficiency
             Underscore our focus on operational                                                                   2023 focus
             excellence and cost discipline throughout
             every part of our business.                                                                           • Continued sharp focus on our cost structure
                                                                                                                   • Realize cost savings from:
2022 progress                                                                                                       • operating efficiencies enabled by a growing direct fibre footprint
• Maintained stable BCE consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin despite $87 million                                     • changes in consumer behaviour and digital adoption
  in storm recovery and inflationary cost pressures (4)
                                                                                                                    • product and service enhancements and innovation
• Reduced wireline operating costs by 0.5%, contributing to Bell Wireline adjusted
  EBITDA margin (5) improvement of 0.2 pts over 2021                                                                • new call centre technology and digital investments that are enabling self-serve
                                                                                                                      capabilities
• Delivered productivity improvements and cost efficiencies resulting from the
  expansion of Bell’s all-fibre network footprint and service innovations enabled by                                • other improvements to the customer service experience
  new broadband technologies                                                                                        • management workforce reductions including attrition and retirements
• Maintained low average after-tax cost of Bell Canada’s publicly issued debt                                       • lower contracted rates from our suppliers
  securities of 2.9%
                                                                                                                    • rationalization of real estate footprint




(1) The Mobile Web Award program recognizes the individual and team achievements of Web professionals all over the world who create and maintain the best mobile websites and the best mobile applications. Bell won Best of
    Show Mobile Application for the MyBell App which also was recognized as Best Telecommunication Mobile Application. The MobileWebAwards were judged on seven criteria seen as requirements for a success mobile website
    or mobile app. They include Creativity, Impact, Design, Content, Interactivity, Ease of use and Use of the medium. Each mobile website or mobile app entry was judged against other entries of the same format in its industry
    category and then against an overall standard of excellence.
(2) Bell’s self-serve apps MyBell, Virgin Plus My Account and Lucky Mobile My Account all won Gold at the 2022 AVA Digital Awards in the App for Business category. The AVA Digital Awards, managed by the Association of
    Marketing & Communication Professionals, is an international audio-visual arts competition that recognizes excellence in next-generation digital communications. Bell’s family of apps was measured against more than 2,500
    applications from across the world based on concept, direction, design and production.
(3) Kantar is a global data, insights and consulting company. The brands that appear in the Kantar BrandZ Most Valuable Canadian Brands 2022 report are the most valuable brands in Canada, and were selected for inclusion
    based on the Kantar BrandZ brand valuation methodology that combines extensive and ongoing consumer insights with rigorous financial analysis.
(4) Inflationary cost pressures are defined as a year-over-year increase in operating costs driven by inflationary pressures related to fuel, utilities and salary expenses
(5) Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by operating revenues.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                               35
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives


2.6 Engage and invest in our people and create a sustainable future
            Strengthen our inclusive workplace culture and recognize                                               • Launched the Bell Mentoring program to enhance career opportunities for Bell
            that Bell’s success requires dynamic and engaged team                                                    team members, build relationships and boost inclusion in the workplace
            members who embrace the highest ESG standards.                                                         • Modernized Bell’s Omniflex benefits program to offer more flexibility and enhanced
                                                                                                                     wellness support, including more inclusive and accessible options
2022 progress
                                                                                                                   • Rolled out unlimited mental health benefit coverage for team members and their
• Recognized as one of Canada’s Top 100 Employers for the eighth consecutive                                         eligible family members to support their mental health and well-being
  year in Mediacorp’s annual review of the best workplaces across the country,
  reflecting our success in key areas including employee benefits, training and                                    • Introduced a flexible holiday policy, including the ability to substitute days,
  skills development and community involvement                                                                       reflecting our support for flexibility and diversity in the workplace
• Named one of Canada’s Best Diversity Employers for the sixth year in a row in                                    • Obtained approval from the SBTi for our science-based absolute GHG emissions
  Mediacorp’s 2022 report on workplace diversity and inclusion, in recognition of                                    reduction targets
  Bell’s commitment to fostering an inclusive, equitable and accessible workplace                                  • Named the top telecom company and #4 overall in Canada on the June 2022
  where all team members can make an impact, immerse themselves in                                                   Corporate Knights Best 50 Corporate Citizens list (2)
  opportunities, and feel like they belong
                                                                                                                   • Named the inaugural GHG Reductions Champion by Canada’s Clean50 Awards in
• Named one of Canada’s Top Employers for Young People for the fifth                                                 recognition of our success reducing the GHG emissions intensity of our
  consecutive year by Mediacorp in recognition of our industry-leading recruitment                                   operations (3)
  and career development programs for students
                                                                                                                   • Named one of Canada’s Greenest Employers for the sixth straight year
• Named one of Canada’s Top Family-Friendly Employers by Mediacorp in
  recognition of a wide range of employee benefits that support families                                           2023 focus
• Awarded the Order of Excellence certification in Mental Health at Work from                                      • Continue to play an active role in engaging our team and the broader community in
  Excellence Canada for best practices and progress in employee mental health                                        diversity issues and deliver on DEIB objectives
  and well-being
                                                                                                                   • Evolve Bell Workways, a hybrid work model that provides our team members with
• Recognized by Women in Governance (WiG) at the Platinum Parity Certification                                       flexibility, collaboration and support in how and where they work
  level, reflecting our leadership and progress on gender parity and the
  effectiveness of systemic enablers (1)                                                                           • Continue to enhance our workplace programs for the mental health and well-being
                                                                                                                     of all Bell team members, by continuing to evolve existing mental health programs
• Bell signed on to the Progressive Aboriginal Relations (PAR) program,                                              and focus on prevention and protective psychological workplace factors to
  established by the Canadian Council for Aboriginal Business (CCAB) which                                           proactively improve mental health
  supports progressive improvement in Indigenous relations with a certification
  program that confirms corporate performance and commitment                                                       • Continue to implement our action plan to address climate change
• Introduced our Employee Value Proposition, a clear statement of the values and                                   • In January 2023, we were ranked 42nd overall in the Corporate Knights Global 100
  experiences that make Bell a unique workplace where all team members can                                           2023 ranking of the most sustainable corporations in the world, in recognition of
  make an impact, immerse themselves in opportunities, and feel like they belong                                     Bell’s commitment to the highest ESG standards
                                                                                                                   • Continue moving forward with ESG initiatives and Bell for Better commitments




(1) Platinum Parity Certification is the highest certification level awarded by Women in Governance, a Canadian certification program that evaluates over 75 quantitative and qualitative criteria taking into account the multiple
    impacts of diversity in women’s career advancement.
(2) The annual Corporate Knights ranking evaluated 332 of the largest Canadian companies on a set of 24 ESG indicators to single out the Best 50 that Corporate Knights considers “the vanguard of corporate sustainability
    leadership in Canada.”
(3) Bell was named the inaugural Clean50 GHG Reductions Champion for 2023, in recognition of Bell’s performance between 2019 and 2022 in reducing our GHG intensity (CO2e per petabyte). Canada’s Clean50 is primarily
    managed by Delta Management Group, a Canadian sustainability, ESG and cleantech focused search firm, and annually recognizes individuals, small teams and business for their contributions to sustainability in Canada.

36     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks


3         Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks
This section provides information pertaining to our performance against 2022 targets, our consolidated business outlook and operating assumptions for 2023
and our principal business risks.



3.1 BCE 2022 performance vs. guidance targets
Financial                      2022                  2022
measure                        target                performance and results
Revenue growth                 1%–5%                 3.1%            BCE revenues grew by 3.1% in 2022, compared to 2021, driven by higher service revenue of 3.0%, and higher product revenue of
                                                                     3.8%, reflecting growth from our Bell Wireless and Bell Media segments, partly offset by a modest decline in our Bell Wireline segment.

Adjusted EBITDA                2%–5%                 3.1%            BCE adjusted EBITDA grew by 3.1% in 2022, compared to 2021, driven by increases in our Bell Wireless and Bell Media segments,
growth                                                               whereas our Bell Wireline segment remained stable year over year. The growth reflected greater revenues, partly offset by higher
                                                                     operating expenses.

Net earnings                   Not applicable        1.2%            In 2022, net earnings increased by 1.2%, compared to 2021, due to higher adjusted EBITDA, lower severance, acquisition and other
growth                                                               costs, lower income taxes and a higher net return on post-employment benefit plans, partly offset by higher other expense mainly due to
                                                                     net mark-to-market losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans, higher
                                                                     depreciation and amortization, higher impairment of assets, and higher interest expense.

Capital intensity (1)          21%                   21.2%           2022 capital expenditures of $5,133 million increased by 5.8% over last year, with a corresponding capital intensity ratio of 21.2%, up
                                                                     0.5 pts over 2021, reflecting the accelerated buildout of our wireline FTTP and wireless 5G networks.

Net earnings                   Not applicable        (0.3%)          Net earnings attributable to common shareholders in 2022 increased by $7 million, compared to 2021, due to higher adjusted EBITDA,
per share (EPS)                                                      lower severance, acquisition and other costs, lower income taxes and a higher net return on post-employment benefit plans, partly offset
growth                                                               by higher other expense mainly due to net mark-to-market losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
                                                                     compensation plans, higher depreciation and amortization, higher impairment of assets, and higher interest expense. Despite increased
                                                                     net earnings attributable to common shareholders, EPS in 2022 decreased by $0.01, compared to 2021, due to a higher average
                                                                     number of common shares outstanding.

Adjusted net                   2%–7%                 5.0%            Excluding the impact of severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market gains (losses) on derivatives used to economically
earnings per share                                                   hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans, net equity gains (losses) on investments in associates and joint ventures, net
(adjusted EPS) (2)                                                   gains (losses) on investments, early debt redemption costs and impairment of assets, net of tax and NCI, adjusted net earnings in 2022
growth                                                               was $3,057 million, or $3.35 per common share, compared to $2,895 million, or $3.19 per common share, in 2021.

Cash flows from                Not applicable        4.5%            In 2022, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities of $8,365 million increased by $357 million, compared to 2021, mainly due to higher
operating activities                                                 adjusted EBITDA, lower income taxes paid, lower contributions to post-employment benefit plans due to a partial contribution holiday in
growth                                                               2022, and lower severance and other costs paid, partly offset by lower cash from working capital and higher interest paid.

Free cash flow                 2%–10%                2.9%            Free cash flow of $3,067 million in 2022 increased by $87 million, compared to 2021, mainly due to higher cash flows from operating
growth                                                               activities, excluding cash from acquisition and other costs paid, partly offset by higher capital expenditures.

Annualized dividend            $3.68 per share       $3.68 per       Annualized dividend per BCE common share for 2022 increased by 18 cents, or 5.1%, to $3.68 compared to $3.50 per share in 2021.
per common share                                     share

(1) Capital intensity is defined as capital expenditures divided by operating revenues.
(2) Adjusted EPS is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to section 11.2, Non-GAAP ratios in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

                                                                                                                                                                                                               37
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks


3.2 Business outlook and assumptions
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our projected financial performance and expected contribution levels to our pension plans in 2023, our
planned capital expenditures and network deployment plans, our 2023 annualized common share dividend, and our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic
priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.


2023 outlook
BCE’s 2023 outlook builds on the solid financial performance, accelerated               • Continuing to digitize the customer experience to scale online sales capabilities,
broadband investments and operating momentum we delivered in 2022. Our                    automation and enhanced self-serve functionality
projected operating success is anchored to our strategic framework to build,            • Maintaining a sharp focus on our cost structure
execute and transform, which centers on:
• Maintaining generational investments in our networks to support the buildout of       Underpinning our outlook for 2023 is a favourable financial profile that reflects our
  our fibre, 5G and 5G+ network infrastructure                                          sound operating fundamentals and consistent execution in a competitive
                                                                                        marketplace. Wireless, retail Internet and TV subscriber base growth, together with
• Leveraging our fibre-related speed advantage and product leadership in the            promotional offer discipline and the flow-through of operating cost savings from fibre-
  home to capture a high share of Internet and TV net additions                         related operating efficiencies and our digital transformation, are projected to drive
• Driving greater cross-sell penetration of Internet households with wireless           year-over-year growth in revenue and adjusted EBITDA. This, together with lower
                                                                                        planned capital expenditures and an expected reduction in contributions to our
• Maintaining momentum on our higher-value mobile phone and 5G strategy                 pension plans, is expected to drive higher free cash flow.
• Capitalizing on higher immigration levels
                                                                                        Our projected financial performance for 2023 enabled us to increase the annualized
• Maintaining momentum in our Business-to-Business (B2B) sector                         BCE common share dividend for 2023 by 19 cents, or 5.2%, to $3.87 per share.
• Continuing to drive our digital-first media strategy



Assumptions
Assumptions about the Canadian economy                                                  Market assumptions
• Slowing economic growth, given the Bank of Canada’s most recent estimated             • A higher level of wireline and wireless competition in consumer, business and
  growth in Canadian gross domestic product of 1.0% in 2023, down from 3.6% in            wholesale markets
  2022                                                                                  • Higher, but slowing, wireless industry penetration
• Easing, but still elevated, consumer price index (CPI) inflation due to lower         • A shrinking data and voice connectivity market as business customers migrate to
  energy prices, improvements in global supply chains and the effects of higher           lower-priced telecommunications solutions or alternative OTT competitors
  interest rates moving through the economy
                                                                                        • The advertising market is adversely impacted due to economic uncertainty
• Tight labour market                                                                     resulting from inflationary cost pressures, increasing risk of recession and ongoing
• Slow growth in household spending as higher interest rates weigh on disposable          supply chain challenges with improvement expected in the second half of 2023
  income                                                                                • Declines in broadcasting distribution undertaking (BDU) subscribers driven by
• Slow growth in business investment due to slowing demand, elevated borrowing            increasing competition from the continued rollout of subscription video-on-demand
  costs and increased uncertainty about future economic conditions                        (SVOD) streaming services together with further scaling of OTT aggregators
• Prevailing high interest rates expected to remain at or near current levels
                                                                                        Assumptions underlying expected reductions
• Higher immigration                                                                    in contributions to our pension plans
• Canadian dollar expected to remain near current levels. Further movements may
                                                                                        • At the relevant time, our DB pension plans will remain in funded positions with
  be impacted by the degree of strength of the U.S. dollar, interest rates and
                                                                                          going concern surpluses and maintain solvency ratios that exceed the minimum
  changes in commodity prices.
                                                                                          legal requirements for a contribution holiday to be taken for applicable DB and
                                                                                          defined contribution (DC) components
                                                                                        • No significant declines in our DB pension plans’ financial position due to declines in
                                                                                          investment returns or interest rates
                                                                                        • No material experience losses from other unforeseen events such as through
                                                                                          litigation or changes in laws, regulations or actuarial standards

38   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks


3.3 Principal business risks
Provided below is a summary description of certain of our principal business risks         or, potentially, additional measures. The reintroduction of restrictive measures could
that could have a material adverse effect on all of our segments. Certain additional       result in economic disruption, reduced immigration levels, financial market volatility
business segment-specific risks are reported in section 5, Business segment                and financial hardship adversely affecting spending by our customers.
analysis. For a detailed description of the principal risks relating to our regulatory
environment and of the other principal business risks that could have a material           While the unfavourable effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial and
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or       operating performance moderated in 2022, it is difficult to estimate the impacts that
reputation, refer to section 8, Regulatory environment and section 9, Business             the COVID-19 pandemic could have in the future on our business or financial results
risks, respectively.                                                                       and related assumptions due to uncertainties relating to the severity and duration of
                                                                                           the COVID-19 pandemic and possible further resurgences in the number of
                                                                                           COVID-19 cases, including as a result of the potential emergence of other variants,
General economic conditions, COVID-19                                                      and various potential outcomes. Our business and financial results could again, in
pandemic and geopolitical events                                                           future periods, become more significantly and negatively impacted by the
Our business and financial results could be negatively affected by adverse                 COVID-19 pandemic, including, among others, as a result of associated global
economic conditions, including a potential recession as well as conditions                 supply chain challenges adversely affecting our wireless and wireline product
associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events. The current                 revenues. While we have implemented business continuity plans and taken
global economic uncertainty could further exacerbate pre-existing risk factors,            additional steps where required, including various preventive measures and
including those described in this MD&A, in light of elevated CPI inflation driven by       precautions, there can be no assurance that these actions in response to the
sharp increases in prices for products and services as well as strong demand for           COVID-19 pandemic will succeed in preventing or mitigating, in whole or in part, the
goods, a tight labour market leading to sustained high wage growth, higher interest        negative impacts of the pandemic on our company, employees or customers, and
rates, and financial and capital market volatility. All of these could negatively affect   these actions may have adverse effects on our business, which may continue
our business and financial results, including by adversely affecting business and          following the COVID-19 pandemic.
customer spending and the resulting demand for our products and services, our              Furthermore, risk factors including, without limitation, those described in this MD&A,
customers’ financial condition, the availability of our offerings in light of supply       could be exacerbated, or become more likely to materialize, as a result of
chain disruptions, and the cost and amount of funding available in the financial           geopolitical events, which could have an adverse impact on our business or future
markets.                                                                                   financial results and related assumptions, the extent of which is difficult to predict.
In addition, while most of the restrictions adopted by governments and businesses          Geopolitical events could adversely impact the global economy and cause financial
to combat the COVID-19 pandemic were lifted during 2022, the                               and capital market volatility, broader geopolitical instability and armed conflicts,
COVID-19 pandemic still raises uncertainties. Resurgences in new                           higher energy prices, increased inflationary pressures limiting consumer and
COVID-19 cases and the emergence and progression of new variants could cause               business spending and increasing our operating costs, increased disruptions in our
governments to reintroduce restrictive measures including, depending on a                  supply chain and increased information security threats.
resurgence’s intensity, certain or all of the strict confinement measures and
business closures previously mandated



Regulatory environment and compliance


Our regulatory environment influences our strategies, and adverse                          spectrum licensing, foreign ownership requirements, privacy and cybersecurity
governmental or regulatory decisions could have negative financial,                        obligations and control of copyright piracy. As with all regulated organizations,
operational, reputational or competitive consequences for our business                     strategies are contingent upon regulatory decisions. Adverse decisions by
                                                                                           governments or regulatory agencies, increased regulation or lack of effective anti-
Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated, government agencies          piracy remedies could have negative financial, operational, reputational or
and departments such as the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications               competitive consequences for our business.
Commission (CRTC), Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada
(ISED), Canadian Heritage and the Competition Bureau continue to play a                    For a discussion of our regulatory environment and the principal risks related
significant role in regulatory matters such as establishing and modifying regulations      thereto, refer to section 8, Regulatory environment as well as the applicable
for mandatory access to networks, spectrum auctions, the imposition of consumer-           segment discussions under Principal business risks in section 5, Business segment
related codes of conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast and                          analysis.

                                                                                                                                                                               39
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks

Changes in applicable laws, the failure to proactively address our legal and            litigation, significant fines and penalties, and operational restrictions, as well as
regulatory obligations, and our involvement in various claims and legal                 result in reputational harm. Heightened focus on consumer protection through
proceedings could have an adverse effect on our business, financial                     provincial legislation and regulatory consumer codes, as well as increased legal and
performance and reputation                                                              regulatory pressure in the areas of privacy, accessibility, data governance and other
                                                                                        ESG topics, require enhanced compliance frameworks and could further increase
Changes in laws or regulations, or in how they are interpreted, and the adoption of     the company’s exposure to investigations, litigation, sanctions, fines and reputational
new laws or regulations, as well as pending or future litigation, could have an         harm.
adverse effect on our business, financial performance and reputation. The increase
in laws and regulations around customer interactions and the technological              We become involved in various claims and legal proceedings as part of our
evolution of our business further create an environment of complex compliance           business. For a description of important legal proceedings involving us, please see
requirements that must be adequately managed. The failure to comply with legal or       the section entitled Legal proceedings contained in the BCE 2022 Annual
regulatory obligations applicable to us could expose us to                              Information Form.


Competitive environment


Competitive activity in our industry, including from technological                      Greater customer adoption of services like 5G, as well as IoT services and
substitution and the expansion of alternative service providers, is intense             applications in the areas of retail (e.g., home automation), business (e.g., remote
and contributes to disruptions in each of our business segments                         monitoring), transportation (e.g., connected car and asset tracking) and urban city
                                                                                        optimization (smart cities), is expected to accelerate growth opportunities as well as
As the scope of our businesses increases and evolving technologies drive new            competition in these areas. In addition, new technologies create a potential for
services, delivery models and strategic partnerships, our competitive landscape         diversifying our product and service offerings and create growth opportunities. If we
intensifies and expands to include new and emerging competitors, certain of which       are unable to develop and deploy new solutions in advance of or concurrently with
were historically our partners or suppliers, as well as global-scale competitors,       our competitors, if the market does not adopt these new technologies in pace with
including, in particular, cloud and OTT service providers, IoT hardware and             our deployment of new solutions, or if we fail to adequately assess and manage the
software providers, voice over IP (VoIP) providers and other web-based players          risks associated with these new solutions, our business and financial results could
that are penetrating the telecommunications space with significant resources and a      be adversely affected.
large customer base over which to amortize costs. Certain of these competitors are
changing the competitive landscape by establishing a material market presence,          We expect these trends, some of which have intensified during the
which has accelerated during the COVID-19 pandemic. Established competitors             COVID-19 pandemic, to continue in the future, and the increased competition we
further seek to consolidate or expand their product offerings through acquisitions in   face as a result could negatively impact our business including, without limitation, in
order to increase scale and market opportunities in light of these changes in           the following ways:
market dynamics. Failure to effectively respond to such evolving competitive            • The acceleration of disruptions and disintermediation in each of our business
dynamics could adversely affect our business and financial results.                       segments could adversely affect our business and financial results
Technology substitution, IP networks and recent regulatory decisions, in particular,    • Adverse economic conditions, such as economic downturns or recessions,
continue to facilitate entry in our industry. In addition, the effects of government      increasing interest rates and inflation, adverse conditions in the financial markets
policies reserving spectrum at favourable pricing for regional facilities-based           or a declining level of retail and commercial activity, could have a negative impact
wireless service providers distort market dynamics. Together, these factors have          on the demand for, and prices of, our wireline, wireless and media products and
changed industry economics and allowed competitors to launch new products and             services
services and gain market share with far less investment in financial, marketing,
                                                                                        • The COVID-19 pandemic and the restrictive measures mandated or recommended
human, technological and network resources than has historically been required. In
                                                                                          to contain the spread of the coronavirus have changed consumer behaviour and
particular, some competitors deliver their services over our networks, leveraging
                                                                                          activity and the way businesses operate, and such changes could continue or
regulatory obligations applicable to us, therefore limiting their need to invest in
                                                                                          further evolve, which could adversely affect the sale of our products and services,
building their own networks and impacting the network-based differentiation of our
                                                                                          as well as our revenues and cash flows
services. Such lower required investment challenges the monetization of our
networks and our operating model. Moreover, foreign OTT players are currently not       • The shift to online transactions during the COVID-19 pandemic amid store closures
subject to the same Canadian content investment obligations as those imposed on           and reduced store traffic could continue, thereby adversely impacting our ability to
Canadian domestic digital suppliers, which provides them with a competitive               leverage our extensive retail network to increase the number of subscribers and
advantage over us.                                                                        sell our products and services


40   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks

• Changes in customer behaviour adopted during the COVID-19 pandemic could               • Subscriber and viewer growth is challenged by changing viewer habits, the
  result in continued suppression by customers of mobile phone data and                    expansion and continued market penetration of global scale low-cost OTT content
  offloading onto Wi-Fi networks as customers work from home, as well as                   providers, OTT aggregators and other alternative service providers, some of which
  influence customer adoption of new services including, without limitation, 5G and        may offer content as loss leaders to support their core business, as well as
  IoT                                                                                      account stacking, CRTC arbitration and a fragmentation of audiences due to an
• Competitors’ aggressive market offers, combined with heightened customer                 abundance of choices
  sensitivity around pricing, could result in pricing pressures, lower margins and       • While most COVID-19 restrictive measures were lifted during 2022, the ongoing
  increased costs of customer acquisition and retention, and our market share and          resultant changes in customer behaviour could further negatively affect Bell
  sales volumes could decrease if we do not match competitors’ pricing levels or           Media’s revenues. In addition, the reintroduction of some or all of these measures
  increase customer acquisition and retention spending                                     could adversely affect Bell Media’s revenues in future periods.
• Should our value proposition on pricing, network, speed, service or features not       • Competition, with both global competitors and traditional Canadian TV competitors,
  be considered sufficient for customers in light of available alternatives, or should     for programming content could drive significant increases in content acquisition
  our products and services not be provided over customers’ preferred delivery             and development costs as well as reduced access to key content as some
  channels, this could lead to increased churn                                             competitors withhold content to enhance their OTT service offering
• The proposed combination of Rogers Communications Inc. (Rogers) and Shaw               • The proliferation of content piracy could negatively impact our ability to monetize
  Communications Inc. (Shaw) could create a Canadian competitor with larger                products and services beyond our current expectations, while creating bandwidth
  scale, and the proposed sale of Freedom Mobile to Québecor Inc. could change             pressure without corresponding revenue growth in the context of regulated
  competitive dynamics in several provinces, all of which could have adverse               wholesale high-speed Internet access rates
  implications for each of our business segments                                         • Traditional radio faces accelerated substitution from new music players and
• The convergence of wireline and wireless services is impacting product purchase          alternative streaming services such as those offered by global audio streaming
  choice by customers and could increase product substitution in favour of lower-          players and those made available by new technologies, including smart car
  margin products as well as increase churn, which trends are expected to                  services, which has been exacerbated since the beginning of the
  increase with the continued adoption of 5G and 5G+                                       COVID-19 pandemic due to a decline in radio audience driven by reduced travel
• Regulatory decisions regarding wholesale access to our wireless and fibre                needs and altered daily routines
  networks could facilitate entry of new competitors, including OTT players, or          • The launch by Canadian and international competitors of low earth orbit (LEO)
  strengthen the market position of current competitors, which may negatively              satellites to provide connectivity, primarily in rural areas and the North, intensifies
  impact our retail subscriber base in favour of lower-margin wholesale subscribers        competition, which could adversely affect our network deployment strategy in such
  and thus could negatively impact our capacity to optimize scale and invest in our        areas and negatively impact demand for our connectivity services. The ability of
  networks                                                                                 our subsidiary Northwestel Inc. (Northwestel), operating in Canada’s North, to
• The timely rollout of 5G and 5G+ mobile services may be adversely impacted by            respond to the competitive threat from these providers is further hampered by
  government decisions, constraints on access to network equipment, labour                 CRTC retail Internet regulations.
  shortages and potential operational challenges in delivering new technology            For a further discussion of our competitive environment and related risks, as well as
• Cloud-based and OTT-based substitution and the market expansion of lower-cost          a list of our main competitors, on a segmented basis, refer to Competitive landscape
  VoIP, collaboration and software-defined networking in a wide area network (SD         and industry trends and Principal business risks in section 5, Business segment
  WAN) solutions offered by local and global competitors, such as traditional            analysis.
  software players, are changing our approach to service offerings and pricing and
  could have an adverse effect on our business
• Spending rationalization by business customers could lead to further reductions
  in sales of traditional connectivity, value-added services and margin erosion,
  driven by technology substitution, economic factors and customers’ operational
  efficiencies
• Multinational business consumers’ desire to consolidate global network service
  supply with one supplier could accelerate the disruptions in our Bell CTS
  segment
• The pressure from simpler, lower-cost, agile service models is driving in-sourcing
  trends, which could have an adverse impact on our managed services business


                                                                                                                                                                               41
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks


Security management and data governance


Our operations, service performance, reputation and business continuity                   The COVID-19 pandemic and recent geopolitical events have further increased our
depend on how well we protect our physical and non-physical assets,                       exposure to information security threats. Initially adopted in the context of the
including from information security threats                                               COVID-19 pandemic, remote work arrangements of our employees and those of our
                                                                                          suppliers have increased remote connectivity to our systems and the potential use of
Our operations, service performance, reputation and business continuity depend            unauthorized communications technologies. In addition, we have seen an increase
on how well we protect our physical and non-physical assets, including networks,          in global criminal activity, which further pressures our security environment.
IT systems, offices, corporate stores and sensitive information, from events such
as information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry, fire, natural              If information security threats were to become successful attacks resulting in
disasters, power loss, building cooling loss, acts of war or terrorism, sabotage,         information security breaches, they could harm our brand, reputation and
vandalism, actions of neighbours and other events. The protection and effective           competitiveness, decrease customer and investor confidence and adversely affect
organization of our systems, applications and information repositories are central        our business, financial results, stock price and long-term shareholder value, given
to the secure and continuous operation of our networks and business, as                   that they could lead to:
electronic and physical records of proprietary business and personal data, such as        • Network operating failures and business disruptions, which could negatively impact
confidential customer and employee information, are all sensitive from a market             our ability to sell products and services to our customers and adversely affect their
and privacy perspective.                                                                    ability to maintain normal business operations and deliver critical services, and/or
Information security breaches can result from deliberate or unintended actions by a         the ability of third-party suppliers to deliver critical services to us
growing number of sophisticated actors, including hackers, organized criminals,           • Unauthorized access to proprietary or sensitive information about our business,
state-sponsored organizations and other parties. Information security attacks have          which could result in diminished competitive advantages and loss of future
grown in complexity, magnitude and frequency in recent years and the potential for          business opportunities
damage is increasing. Information security attacks may be perpetrated using a             • Theft, loss, unauthorized disclosure, destruction, encryption or corruption of data
complex array of ever evolving and changing means including, without limitation,            and confidential information, including personal information about our customers or
the use of stolen credentials, social engineering, computer viruses and malicious           employees, that could result in financial loss, exposure to claims for damages by
software, phishing and other attacks on network and information systems.                    customers, employees and others, extortion threats due to ransomware and
Information security attacks aim to achieve various malicious objectives including          difficulty in accessing materials to defend legal actions
unauthorized access to, ransom/encryption of, and theft of, confidential,
proprietary, sensitive or personal information, as well as extortion and business         • Lost revenue resulting from the unauthorized use of proprietary information or the
disruptions.                                                                                failure to retain or attract customers after an incident

We are also exposed to information security threats as a result of actions that may       • Physical damage to network assets impacting service continuity
be taken by our customers, suppliers, outsourcers, business partners, employees           • Fines and sanctions for failure to meet legislative requirements or from credit card
or independent third parties, whether malicious or not, including as a result of the        providers for failing to comply with payment card industry data security standards
use of social media, cloud-based solutions and IT consumerization. Our use of               for protection of cardholder data
third-party suppliers and outsourcers and reliance on business partners, which            • Increased fraud as criminals leverage stolen information against our customers,
may also be subject to information security threats, also expose us to risks as we          our employees or our company
have less immediate oversight over their IT domains. Furthermore, the introduction
of 5G, cloud computing and the proliferation of data services, including mobile TV,       • Remediation costs such as liability for stolen information, equipment repair and
mobile commerce, mobile banking and IoT applications, as well as increased                  service recovery, and incentives to customers or business partners in an effort to
digitization and the use of emerging technologies such as AI, robotics and smart            maintain relationships after an incident
contracts leveraging blockchain for digital certification, have significantly increased   • Increased information security protection costs, including the costs of deploying
the threat surface of our networks and systems, resulting in higher complexity that         additional personnel and protection technologies, training and monitoring
needs to be carefully monitored and managed to minimize security threats. Failure           employees, and engaging third-party security experts and auditors
to implement an information security program that efficiently considers
relationships and interactions with business partners, suppliers, customers,              • Changes in the terms, conditions and pricing of customer, supplier and financial
employees and other third parties across all methods of communication, including            contracts and agreements that we may have.
social media and cloud-based solutions, could adversely affect our ability to
successfully defend against information security attacks.

42   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks

In light of the evolving nature and sophistication of information security threats, our   There has also been increased regulatory scrutiny over the use, collection, and
information security policies, procedures and controls must continuously adapt and        disclosure of personal information in Canada. We are subject to various privacy
evolve in order to seek to mitigate risk and, consequently, require constant              legislation, such as Canada’s anti-spam legislation (CASL) and the Personal
monitoring to ensure effectiveness. However, given the complexity and scale of our        Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, as well as foreign privacy
business, network infrastructure, technology and IT supporting systems, there can         legislation via the mandatory flow-through of privacy-related obligations by our
be no assurance that the security policies, procedures and controls that we               customers, including those of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU). Global
implement will be effective against all information security attacks. In addition,        and domestic regulation around privacy and data practices are evolving rapidly and
there can be no assurance that any insurance we may have will cover all or part of        new or amended privacy legislation has been proposed or adopted federally and in a
the costs, damages, liabilities or losses that could result from the occurrence of        number of Canadian provincial jurisdictions with significant obligations, limitations on
any information security breach.                                                          the use of personal information, penalties and short implementation horizons. Our
                                                                                          data governance framework must not only meet applicable privacy requirements, but
Failure to implement effective data governance could harm our brand and                   also be able to evolve for continuous improvement. Effective data governance is also
reputation, expose us to regulatory pressure and penalties, constrain our                 a component of good ESG practices, which are considered an increasingly important
competitive opportunities, and adversely affect our business and financial                measure of corporate performance and value creation.
results
                                                                                          Failure to implement effective data governance encompassing the protection and
To achieve our purpose of advancing how Canadians connect with each other and             appropriate use of data across its life cycle, and incorporating data governance as a
the world, we must preserve the social licence from our customers and all                 core consideration in our business initiatives and technology decisions, could harm
Canadians to collect and use data in our operations. A strong and consistently            our brand, reputation and competitiveness, decrease customer and investor
applied approach to data governance is critical to maintaining that social licence,       confidence and adversely affect our business and financial results. It could give rise
requiring us to focus on respecting the privacy of our customers’ data and                to litigation, investigations, fines and liability for failure to comply with increasingly
protecting such data against information security threats. As our operations involve      stringent privacy legislation, as well as increased audit and regulatory scrutiny that
receiving, processing and storing such proprietary business and personal data,            could divert resources from business operations.
effective policies, procedures and controls must be implemented to protect
information systems and underlying data in accordance with applicable privacy
legislation. Failure to meet customer and employee expectations regarding the
appropriate use and protection of their data could have negative reputational,
business and financial consequences for the company.

                                                                                                                                                                                 43
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis


4           Consolidated financial analysis

This section provides detailed information and analysis about BCE’s performance in 2022 compared with 2021. It focuses on BCE’s consolidated operating
results and provides financial information for our Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media business segments. For further discussion and analysis of our
business segments, refer to section 5, Business segment analysis.



4.1 Introduction
BCE consolidated income statements
                                                                                                     2022            2021          $ change        % change

Operating revenues
  Service                                                                                         20,956           20,350              606            3.0%
     Product                                                                                       3,218            3,099              119            3.8%
Total operating revenues                                                                          24,174           23,449              725            3.1%
Operating costs                                                                                   (13,975)        (13,556)            (419)           (3.1%)
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                   10,199            9,893              306            3.1%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                             42.2%           42.2%                                  –
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                (94)           (209)             115           55.0%
Depreciation                                                                                       (3,660)         (3,627)             (33)           (0.9%)
Amortization                                                                                       (1,063)           (982)             (81)           (8.2%)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                                (1,146)         (1,082)             (64)           (5.9%)
   Net return (interest) on post-employment benefit plans                                             51              (20)              71              n.m.
Impairment of assets                                                                                (279)            (197)             (82)          (41.6%)
Other (expense) income                                                                              (115)             160             (275)             n.m.
Income taxes                                                                                        (967)          (1,044)              77            7.4%
Net earnings                                                                                       2,926            2,892               34            1.2%
Net earnings attributable to:
     Common shareholders                                                                           2,716            2,709                7            0.3%
     Preferred shareholders                                                                          152             131                21           16.0%
     Non-controlling interest                                                                         58              52                 6           11.5%
Net earnings                                                                                       2,926            2,892               34            1.2%
Adjusted net earnings                                                                              3,057            2,895              162            5.6%
Net earnings per common share (EPS)                                                                  2.98            2.99            (0.01)           (0.3%)
Adjusted EPS                                                                                         3.35            3.19             0.16            5.0%

n.m.: not meaningful

44      BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis


BCE statements of cash flows – selected information
                                                                                                               2022              2021          $ change          % change

Cash flows from operating activities                                                                          8,365             8,008              357              4.5%
Capital expenditures                                                                                         (5,133)           (4,852)             (281)           (5.8%)
Free cash flow                                                                                                3,067             2,980               87              2.9%


BCE operating revenues grew by 3.1% in 2022, compared to last year, resulting          BCE’s adjusted EBITDA increased by 3.1% in 2022, over last year, driven by growth
from higher year-over-year service revenues of 3.0%, mainly driven by wireless,        from our Bell Wireless and Bell Media segments, whereas our Bell Wireline segment
Internet, and media growth, moderated by ongoing erosion in voice and satellite        remained stable year over year. The higher operating costs, including greater media
TV revenues and lower business solutions services revenue. Product revenues            programming expenses, inflationary cost pressures and storm recovery costs, were
also contributed to the increase in operating revenues, reflecting a 3.8% year-over-   more than offset by increased operating revenues. This drove a corresponding
year increase, primarily due to higher wireless product sales.                         adjusted EBITDA margin of 42.2% in 2022, which remained unchanged from last
                                                                                       year.
In 2022, net earnings increased by 1.2%, compared to 2021, due to higher
adjusted EBITDA, lower severance, acquisition and other costs, lower income            In 2022, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities increased by $357 million,
taxes and a higher net return on post-employment benefit plans, partly offset by       compared to 2021, mainly due to higher adjusted EBITDA, lower income taxes paid,
higher other expense mainly due to net mark-to-market losses on derivatives used       lower contributions to post-employment benefit plans due to a partial contribution
to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans, higher            holiday in 2022, and lower severance and other costs paid, partly offset by lower
depreciation and amortization, higher impairment of assets, and higher interest        cash from working capital and higher interest paid.
expense.
                                                                                       Free cash flow increased by $87 million in 2022, compared to 2021, mainly due to
                                                                                       higher cash flows from operating activities, excluding cash from acquisition and
                                                                                       other costs paid, partly offset by higher capital expenditures.




4.2 Customer connections

BCE net activations (losses)
                                                                                                                                 2022              2021           % change

Wireless mobile phone net subscriber activations (losses)                                                                     489,901          294,842             66.2%
   Postpaid                                                                                                                   439,842          301,706             45.8%
   Prepaid                                                                                                                     50,059            (6,864)             n.m.
Wireless mobile connected device net subscriber activations                                                                   202,024          193,641              4.3%
Wireline retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations                                                                201,762          152,285             32.5%
Wireline retail TV net subscriber activations (losses)                                                                          5,148            2,530               n.m.
   IPTV                                                                                                                        94,400           76,068             24.1%
   Satellite                                                                                                                  (89,252)          (73,538)          (21.4%)
Wireline retail residential NAS lines net losses                                                                             (175,788)         (185,327)            5.1%
Total services net activations                                                                                                723,047          457,971             57.9%

n.m.: not meaningful

                                                                                                                                                                        45
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis

Total BCE customer connections
                                                                                                                                                                             2022                    2021             % change

Wireless mobile phone subscribers                                                                                                                                      9,949,086              9,459,185                    5.2%
     Postpaid                                                                                                                                                          9,069,887              8,630,045                    5.1%
   Prepaid                                                                                                                                                               879,199                829,140                    6.0%
Wireless mobile connected device subscribers                                                                                                                           2,451,818              2,249,794                    9.0%
Wireline retail high-speed Internet subscribers (1) (2)                                                                                                                4,258,570              3,861,653                  10.3%
Wireline retail TV subscribers (1) (2)                                                                                                                                 2,751,498              2,735,010                    0.6%
     IPTV (1) (2)                                                                                                                                                      1,988,181              1,882,441                    5.6%
     Satellite                                                                                                                                                           763,317                852,569                  (10.5%)
Wireline retail residential NAS lines (1) (2)                                                                                                                          2,190,771              2,298,605                   (4.7%)
Total services subscribers                                                                                                                                           21,601,743             20,604,247                     4.8%

(1) In Q1 2022, as a result of the acquisition of EBOX and other related companies, our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 67,090, 9,025 and 3,456 subscribers,
    respectively.
(2) In Q4 2022, as a result of the acquisition of Distributel, our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 128,065, 2,315 and 64,498 subscribers, respectively.


BCE added 723,047 net retail subscriber activations in 2022, up 57.9% compared                                     At December 31, 2022, BCE’s retail subscriber connections totaled 21,601,743, up
to last year. The net retail subscriber activations in 2022 consisted of:                                          4.8% year over year, and consisted of:
• 489,901 wireless mobile phone net subscriber activations, along with                                             • 9,949,086 wireless mobile phone subscribers, up 5.2% year over year, and
  202,024 wireless mobile connected device net subscriber activations                                                2,451,818 wireless mobile connected device subscribers, up 9.0% year over year
• 201,762 retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations                                                    • 4,258,570 retail high-speed Internet subscribers, 10.3% higher year over year
• 5,148 retail TV net subscriber activations comprised of 94,400 retail IPTV net                                   • 2,751,498 total retail TV subscribers, up 0.6% over the same period last year,
  subscriber activations, partly offset by 89,252 retail satellite TV net subscriber                                 comprised of 1,988,181 retail IPTV subscribers, up 5.6% year over year, and
  losses                                                                                                             763,317 retail satellite TV subscribers, down 10.5% year over year
• 175,788 retail residential NAS lines net losses                                                                  • 2,190,771 retail residential NAS lines, down 4.7% year over year




4.3 Operating revenues
BCE
Revenues
(in $ millions)




                                                                                                                                                        2022                  2021              $ change              % change

                                                                      Bell Wireless                                                                   9,588                 8,999                    589                   6.5%
                                                                      Bell Wireline                                                                  12,148               12,178                     (30)                 (0.2%)
                                                                      Bell Media                                                                      3,254                 3,036                    218                   7.2%
                                                                      Inter-segment eliminations                                                       (816)                 (764)                   (52)                 (6.8%)
                                                                      Total BCE operating revenues                                                   24,174               23,449                     725                   3.1%




BCE
Total BCE operating revenues increased by 3.1% in 2022, compared to last year,                                     combined with greater product revenues of 4.8%. Bell Media operating revenues
comprised of service revenues of $20,956 million, up 3.0% and product revenues                                     grew by 7.2% year over year, attributable to higher subscriber and advertising
of $3,218 million, up 3.8% over 2021.                                                                              revenues, along with revenues from the return of the F1 Canadian Grand Prix in
                                                                                                                   2022. Bell Wireline operating revenues declined by 0.2%, compared to 2021, driven
The higher year-over-year operating revenue was driven by growth in our Bell                                       by lower service revenues of 0.2% resulting from ongoing voice revenues erosion,
Wireless and Bell Media segments, partly offset by a modest decline in our Bell                                    partly offset by growth in data and other services revenue.
Wireline segment. Bell Wireless operating revenues increased by 6.5% in 2022,
due to higher service revenues of 7.3%,

46      BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis



4.4 Operating costs
BCE                                                                BCE                                                                     BCE
Operating costs                                                    Operating cost profile                                                  Operating cost profile
(in $ millions)                                                    2021                                                                    2022




                                                                                                                                                        2022                     2021               $ change          % change

Bell Wireless                                                                                                                                         (5,451)                 (5,146)                    (305)           (5.9%)
Bell Wireline                                                                                                                                         (6,831)                 (6,863)                      32             0.5%
Bell Media                                                                                                                                            (2,509)                 (2,311)                    (198)           (8.6%)
Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                                               816                     764                       52              6.8%
Total BCE operating costs                                                                                                                           (13,975)                 (13,556)                    (419)           (3.1%)

(1) Cost of revenues includes costs of wireless devices and other equipment sold, network and content costs, and payments to other carriers.
(2) Labour costs (net of capitalized costs) include wages, salaries and related taxes and benefits, post-employment benefit plans service cost, and other labour costs, including contractor and outsourcing costs.
(3) Other operating costs include marketing, advertising and sales commission costs, bad debt expense, taxes other than income taxes, IT costs, professional service fees and rent.


BCE
BCE operating costs increased by 3.1% in 2022, compared to 2021, resulting from higher expenses in Bell Wireless of 5.9% and Bell Media of 8.6%, partly offset by lower
expenses in Bell Wireline of 0.5%. The increase in expenses reflected higher wireless cost of goods sold from increased product sales, greater media programming and
production costs, inflationary cost pressures and storm-related expenses.



4.5 Net earnings
BCE                                                                 In 2022, net earnings increased by 1.2%, compared to 2021, due to higher adjusted EBITDA, lower severance, acquisition
Net earnings                                                        and other costs, lower income taxes and a higher net return on post-employment benefit plans, partly offset by higher
(in $ millions)                                                     other expense mainly due to net mark-to-market losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-
                                                                    based compensation plans, higher depreciation and amortization, higher impairment of assets, and higher interest
                                                                    expense.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                             47
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis



4.6 Adjusted EBITDA
BCE                                                 BCE
Adjusted EBITDA                                     Adjusted EBITDA
(in $ millions)                                     (in $ millions)
                                                    (% adjusted EBITDA margin)




                                                                                                           2022               2021            $ change               % change

Bell Wireless                                                                                             4,137             3,853                 284                   7.4%
Bell Wireline                                                                                             5,317             5,315                   2                       –
Bell Media                                                                                                 745                725                  20                   2.8%
Total BCE adjusted EBITDA                                                                               10,199              9,893                 306                   3.1%


BCE
BCE’s adjusted EBITDA increased by 3.1% in 2022, compared to 2021, driven by growth from Bell Wireless and Bell Media, whereas Bell Wireline adjusted EBITDA
remained stable year over year. The growth in BCE’s adjusted EBITDA reflected higher operating revenues, moderated by greater operating costs. Adjusted EBITDA margin
of 42.2% remained unchanged from last year.



4.7 Severance, acquisition and other costs
This category includes various income and expenses that are not related directly to the operating revenues generated during the year. This includes severance costs
consisting of charges related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations, as well as transaction costs, such as legal and financial advisory fees, related to completed
or potential acquisitions, employee severance costs related to the purchase of a business, the costs to integrate acquired companies into our operations, costs relating to
litigation and regulatory decisions, when they are significant, and other costs.


BCE                                        2022
Severance, acquisition                     Severance, acquisition and other costs included:
and other costs
(in $ millions)                            • Severance costs of $83 million related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations
                                           • Acquisition and other costs of $11 million

                                           2021
                                           Severance, acquisition and other costs included:
                                           • Severance costs of $171 million related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations
                                           • Acquisition and other costs of $38 million



48     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis



4.8 Depreciation and amortization
The amount of our depreciation and amortization in            BCE                                                BCE
any year is affected by:                                      Depreciation                                       Amortization
                                                              (in $ millions)                                    (in $ millions)
• How much we invested in new property, plant and
  equipment and intangible assets in previous years
• How many assets we retired during the year
• Estimates of the useful lives of assets




Depreciation                                                                       Amortization
Depreciation in 2022 increased by $33 million, compared to 2021, mainly due to a   Amortization in 2022 increased by $81 million, compared to 2021, mainly due to a
higher asset base as we continued to invest in our broadband and wireless          higher asset base.
networks as well as our IPTV services, partly offset by lower accelerated
depreciation of 4G network elements as we transition to 5G.




4.9 Finance costs
BCE                                         BCE                                    Interest expense
Interest expense                            Net return (interest)
(in $ millions)                                                                    Interest expense in 2022 increased by $64 million, compared to 2021, mainly due to
                                            on post-employment
                                                                                   higher average debt balances and higher average interest rates, partly offset by
                                            benefit plans
                                            (in $ millions)                        higher capitalized interest.

                                                                                   Net return (interest) on post-employment
                                                                                   benefit plans
                                                                                   Net return (interest) on our post-employment benefit plans is based on market
                                                                                   conditions that existed at the beginning of the year as well as the net post-
                                                                                   employment benefit plan asset (liability). On January 1, 2022, the discount rate was
                                                                                   3.2% compared to 2.6% on January 1, 2021.
                                                                                   In 2022, net return on post-employment benefit plans increased by $71 million,
                                                                                   compared to last year, as a result of a net asset position in our post-employment
                                                                                   benefit plans at the beginning of 2022 compared to a net obligation position at the
                                                                                   beginning of 2021, and a higher discount rate in 2022.
                                                                                   The impacts of changes in market conditions during the year are recognized in other
                                                                                   comprehensive income (OCI).


                                                                                                                                                                    49
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis



4.10 Impairment of assets
2022                                                                                                                                      BCE
                                                                                                                                          Impairment of assets
During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized $147 million of impairment charges for French TV channels within our Bell Media          (in $ millions)
segment. The impairment charges were the result of a reduction in advertising demand in the industry resulting from global
economic uncertainties and unfavourable impacts to assumptions for discount rates. These charges included $94 million allocated to
indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences, and $53 million to finite-life intangible assets for program and feature film
rights.
There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill.
Additionally in 2022, we recorded impairment charges of $132 million related mainly to right-of-use assets for certain office spaces
we ceased using as part of our real estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.

2021
During the second quarter of 2021, we identified indicators of impairment for our Bell Media radio markets, notably a decline in
advertising revenue and an increase in the discount rate resulting from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Accordingly,
impairment testing was required for our group of radio cash generating units (CGUs).
During Q2 2021, we recognized $163 million of impairment charges for various radio markets within our Bell Media segment. These
charges included $150 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences, and $13 million to property, plant
and equipment mainly for buildings and network infrastructure and equipment.
There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill.



4.11 Other (expense) income
Other (expense) income includes income and expense items, such as:                                                                        BCE
• Net mark-to-market gains or losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans              Other (expense) income
                                                                                                                                          (in $ millions)
• Equity income or losses from investments in associates and joint ventures
• Gains or losses on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
• Gains or losses on investments, including gains or losses when we dispose of, write down or reduce our ownership in investments
• Early debt redemption costs




For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                              2022    2021

Net mark-to-market (losses) gains on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans                                    (53)   278
Equity losses from investments in associates and joint ventures
     Loss on investment                                                                                                                                      (42)   (49)
     Operations                                                                                                                                              (19)   (46)
Losses on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                                                                   (27)   (24)
Gains (losses) on investments                                                                                                                                24       (6)
Early debt redemption costs                                                                                                                                  (18)   (53)
Other                                                                                                                                                         20     60
Total other (expense) income                                                                                                                                (115)   160


50     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis


2022                                                                                       2021
Other expense of $115 million included net mark-to-market losses on derivatives            Other income of $160 million included net mark-to-market gains on derivatives used
used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans,                  to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans, partly offset
losses on our equity investments which included a loss on BCE’s share of an                by early debt redemption costs, losses on our equity investments which included a
obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint         loss on BCE’s share of an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest
ventures and losses on operations from our equity investments, losses on                   in one of BCE’s joint ventures and losses on operations from our equity investments.
retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
and early debt redemption costs, partly offset by gains on investments which
included a gain related to the sale of our wholly-owned subsidiary,
6362222 Canada Inc. (Createch).




4.12 Income taxes
BCE                                                    The following table reconciles the amount of reported income taxes in the income statements with income taxes
Income taxes                                           calculated at a statutory income tax rate of 26.8% for 2022 and 2021.
(in $ millions)
                                                       For the year ended December 31                                                                2022                   2021

                                                       Net earnings                                                                                 2,926                 2,892
                                                       Add back income taxes                                                                          967                 1,044

                                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                                 3,893                  3,936
                                                       Applicable statutory tax rate                                                               26.8%                  26.8%

                                                       Income taxes computed at applicable statutory rates                                         (1,043)                (1,055)
                                                       Non-taxable portion of gains (losses) on investments                                             4                     (1)
                                                       Uncertain tax positions                                                                         91                     16
                                                       Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                     –                      2
                                                       Non-taxable portion of equity losses                                                           (18)                   (26)
                                                       Previously unrecognized tax benefits                                                             –                     15
                                                       Other                                                                                           (1)                     5
                                                       Total income taxes                                                                            (967)                (1,044)

                                                       Average effective tax rate                                                                  24.8%                  26.5%


                                                       Income taxes in 2022 decreased by $77 million, compared to 2021, mainly due to a higher value of uncertain tax
                                                       positions favourably resolved in 2022 compared to 2021 and lower taxable income.




4.13 Net earnings attributable to common shareholders and EPS
BCE                                           BCE                                             BCE                                       BCE
Net earnings attributable                     EPS                                             Adjusted net earnings                     Adjusted EPS
to common shareholders                        (in $)                                          (in $ millions)                           (in $)
(in $ millions)




                                                                                                                                                                               51
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis

Net earnings attributable to common shareholders in 2022 increased by $7 million,     Excluding the impact of severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market
compared to 2021, due to higher adjusted EBITDA, lower severance, acquisition         gains (losses) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
and other costs, lower income taxes and a higher net return on post-employment        compensation plans, net equity gains (losses) on investments in associates and joint
benefit plans, partly offset by higher other expense mainly due to net                ventures, net gains (losses) on investments, early debt redemption costs and
mark-to-market losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled        impairment of assets, net of tax and NCI, adjusted net earnings in 2022 was
share-based compensation plans, higher depreciation and amortization, higher          $3,057 million, or $3.35 per common share, compared to $2,895 million, or
impairment of assets, and higher interest expense. Despite increased net earnings     $3.19 per common share, in 2021.
attributable to common shareholders, EPS in 2022 decreased by $0.01, compared
to 2021, due to a higher average number of common shares outstanding.




4.14 Capital expenditures


BCE                                                      BCE capital expenditures of $5,133 million in 2022 increased by 5.8% over last year, with a corresponding
Capital expenditures                                     capital intensity ratio of 21.2%, up 0.5 pts over 2021. Our capital spending reflected the accelerated buildout of
(in $ millions)                                          our wireline FTTP and wireless 5G networks.
Capital intensity
(%)




4.15 Cash flows
In 2022, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities      BCE                                                         BCE
increased by $357 million, compared to 2021, mainly      Cash flows from operating activities                        Free cash flow
due to higher adjusted EBITDA, lower income taxes        (in $ millions)                                             (in $ millions)
paid, lower contributions to post-employment benefit
plans due to a partial contribution holiday in 2022,
and lower severance and other costs paid, partly
offset by lower cash from working capital and higher
interest paid.
Free cash flow increased by $87 million in 2022,
compared to 2021, mainly due to higher cash flows
from operating activities, excluding cash from
acquisition and other costs paid, partly offset by
higher capital expenditures.




52     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireless


5          Business segment analysis


5.1 Bell Wireless
In 2022, we delivered industry-leading wireless financial results reflecting our focus on profitable growth and
customer base management, as we welcomed 489,901 total net new postpaid and prepaid mobile phone
subscribers, up 66.2% compared to 2021.

Financial performance analysis
2022 performance highlights
Bell Wireless                                                         Bell Wireless
Revenues                                                              Adjusted EBITDA
(in $ millions)                                                       (in $ millions)
                                                                      (% adjusted EBITDA margin)




Total mobile                             Mobile phone                                 Mobile phone                                   Mobile phone                                    Mobile phone
phone                                    postpaid net                                 prepaid net                                    postpaid                                        blended average
subscriber                               subscriber                                   subscriber                                     churn in 2022                                   revenue per user
growth                                   activations                                  activations                                                                                    (ARPU) (1)
                                         in 2022                                      in 2022                                                                                        per month


+5.2%                                    439,842 50,059                                                                              0.92%                                           +2.8%
in 2022                                  Increased 45.8% vs. 2021                     Increased by 56,923 net                        Decreased 0.01 pts vs. 2021                     2022: $59.30
                                                                                      activations vs. 2021                                                                           2021: $57.66




(1) Mobile phone blended ARPU is calculated by dividing wireless operating service revenues by the average mobile phone subscriber base for the specified period and is expressed as a dollar unit per month.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                53
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireless

Bell Wireless results
Revenues
                                                                                                      2022                    2021        $ change             % change

External service revenues                                                                            6,821                   6,355            466                  7.3%
Inter-segment service revenues                                                                          44                     45               (1)               (2.2%)
Operating service revenues                                                                           6,865                   6,400            465                  7.3%
External product revenues                                                                            2,714                   2,593            121                  4.7%
Inter-segment product revenues                                                                           9                      6               3                 50.0%
Operating product revenues                                                                           2,723                   2,599            124                  4.8%
Bell Wireless operating revenues                                                                     9,588                   8,999            589                  6.5%


Bell Wireless operating revenues increased by 6.5% in 2022, compared to last         These factors were partly offset by:
year, due to both higher service and product revenues.                               • Lower data overages driven by greater customer adoption of monthly plans with
Service revenues increased by 7.3% in 2022, compared to 2021, driven by:               higher data thresholds, including unlimited plans
• Continued growth in our mobile phone and connected device subscriber bases         Product revenues increased by 4.8% in 2022, compared to last year, due to a
• Higher roaming revenues due to increased international travel resulting from the   greater sales mix of premium mobile phones, partly offset by lower volumes.
  easing of COVID-19 global travel restrictions
• Flow-through of rate increases


Operating costs and adjusted EBITDA
                                                                                                      2022                    2021         $ change            % change

Operating costs                                                                                     (5,451)                 (5,146)            (305)              (5.9%)
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                      4,137                   3,853             284                 7.4%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                              43.1%                   42.8%                                0.3 pts


Bell Wireless operating costs increased by 5.9% in 2022, compared to last year,      Bell Wireless adjusted EBITDA increased by 7.4% in 2022, compared to 2021,
driven by:                                                                           due to greater operating revenues, moderated by higher operating costs. Adjusted
• Greater cost of goods sold as a result of the higher product revenues              EBITDA margin of 43.1% in 2022 increased by 0.3 pts over last year, primarily driven
                                                                                     by the flow-through of service revenue growth.
• Higher network operating costs from the continued deployment of our mobile 5G
  network
• Greater payments to other carriers corresponding to the higher roaming revenues


Bell Wireless operating metrics
                                                                                                       2022                    2021          Change            % change

Mobile phones
Blended ARPU ($/month)                                                                                59.30                   57.66            1.64                2.8%
Gross subscriber activations                                                                      1,953,912            1,653,771            300,141               18.1%
   Postpaid                                                                                       1,355,772            1,201,659            154,113               12.8%
   Prepaid                                                                                          598,140              452,112            146,028               32.3%
Net subscriber activations (losses)                                                                 489,901              294,842            195,059               66.2%
     Postpaid                                                                                       439,842                 301,706         138,136               45.8%
     Prepaid                                                                                         50,059                  (6,864)         56,923                 n.m.
Blended churn % (average per month)                                                                  1.27%                   1.23%                             (0.04) pts
     Postpaid                                                                                        0.92%                   0.93%                               0.01 pts
     Prepaid                                                                                         4.85%                   4.31%                             (0.54) pts
Subscribers                                                                                       9,949,086            9,459,185            489,901                5.2%
     Postpaid                                                                                     9,069,887            8,630,045            439,842                5.1%
     Prepaid                                                                                        879,199                 829,140          50,059                6.0%
Mobile connected devices
Net subscriber activations                                                                          202,024                 193,641           8,383                4.3%
Subscribers                                                                                       2,451,818            2,249,794            202,024                9.0%

n.m.: not meaningful

54     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireless

Mobile phone blended ARPU of $59.30 in 2022 increased by 2.8%, compared to            • Mobile phone postpaid net subscriber activations increased by 45.8% in 2022,
last year, reflecting our continued focus on high-quality subscriber growth. The        compared to last year, driven by greater gross activations, partly offset by higher
year-over-year increase was driven by:                                                  subscriber deactivations
• Higher roaming revenues due to increased international travel resulting from the    • Mobile phone prepaid net subscriber activations increased by 56,923 in 2022,
  easing of COVID-19 global travel restrictions                                         compared to last year, due to higher gross activations, partly offset by greater
• Flow-through of rate increases                                                        subscriber deactivations

These factors were partly offset by:                                                  Mobile phone blended churn of 1.27% in 2022 increased by 0.04 pts, compared to
                                                                                      2021.
• Decreased data overages driven by greater customer adoption of monthly plans
  with higher data thresholds, including unlimited plans                              • Mobile phone postpaid churn of 0.92% in 2022 improved by 0.01 pts, compared
                                                                                        to last year, reflecting our continued investment in customer experience, retention
Mobile phone gross subscriber activations grew by 18.1% in 2022, compared               and mobile networks
to 2021, due to both higher postpaid and prepaid gross subscriber activations.        • Mobile phone prepaid churn of 4.85% in 2022 increased by 0.54 pts, compared
• Mobile phone postpaid gross subscriber activations increased by 12.8% in              to last year, due to higher year-over-year customer deactivations, as a result of
  2022, compared to last year, driven by higher retail store traffic, increased         greater market activity and more attractive promotional offers on postpaid discount
  immigration due to the easing of COVID-19 restrictions, greater business              brands
  customer demand, continued 5G momentum and successful promotions
  including an increased focus on bundling wireless services with Internet            Mobile phone subscribers at December 31, 2022 totaled 9,949,086, an increase of
                                                                                      5.2%, from 9,459,185 subscribers reported at the end of last year. This consisted of
• Mobile phone prepaid gross subscriber activations increased by 32.3% in             9,069,887 postpaid subscribers, an increase of 5.1% from 8,630,045 subscribers at
  2022, compared to last year, due to greater market activity driven by increased     the end of 2021, and 879,199 prepaid subscribers, an increase of 6.0% from
  immigration and travel to Canada as a result of the easing of                       829,140 subscribers at the end of 2021.
  COVID-19 restrictions throughout the year
                                                                                      Mobile connected device net subscriber activations increased by 4.3% in 2022,
Mobile phone net subscriber activations increased by 66.2% in 2022, compared          compared to last year, due to greater demand for IoT solutions, including connected
to 2021, due to both higher postpaid and prepaid net subscriber activations.          car subscriptions, offset in part by higher net losses from data devices, primarily
                                                                                      fewer tablet activations.
                                                                                      Mobile connected device subscribers at December 31, 2022 totaled 2,451,818,
                                                                                      an increase of 9.0% from 2,249,794 subscribers reported at the end of 2021.


Competitive landscape and industry trends
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our business outlook. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the
beginning of this MD&A.

Competitive landscape
The Canadian wireless industry has experienced strong subscriber growth in            in chargeable data usage and larger allotments of data, in addition to other factors,
recent years, supported by immigration and population growth; the trend toward        such as the popularity of data sharing plans and an evolving shift in the customer
multiple devices; the expanding functionality of data and related applications; and   mix towards non-traditional wireless devices and tools such as video chats. These
the adoption of mobile devices and services, including connected devices. Various     factors, combined with increases in overall data usage, which is expected to grow
public health measures in place during the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021         with the ongoing commercialization of 5G, led to widespread adoption and promotion
led to pent-up demand for mobile devices in 2022. The mobile phone penetration        of unlimited data plans and device financing plans by all national carriers. The
rate increased to over 102% in Canada in 2022, with further increases in              build-out of 5G network infrastructure continued in 2022, with 5G coverage of
penetration expected in 2023. By comparison, the mobile phone penetration rate in     approximately 80% of the Canadian population by the national carriers at the end of
the U.S. is well over 100%, and even higher in Europe and Asia, suggesting an         2022, compared to approximately 70% at the end of 2021. For Bell, our accelerated
opportunity for continued growth in Canada.                                           5G investments are underpinned by our capital expenditure acceleration program,
                                                                                      which commenced in 2021 and continued in 2022. Our long-standing commitment to
In 2022, the Canadian wireless market continued to recover from the challenges        network excellence is reflected in multiple independent third-party awards and
related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Pandemic impacts, particularly related to           recognition received in 2022, including from PCMag for three years in a row.
roaming, subsided as consumer travel volumes largely returned to pre-pandemic
levels. Additionally, with members of the workforce returning to traditional work     The Canadian wireless industry continues to be highly competitive and capital-
environments, workers offloading their mobile device traffic onto Wi-Fi moderated,    intensive, with carriers continuing to expand and enhance their broadband wireless
resulting in increased domestic data usage. The Canadian wireless market              networks, including the ongoing build-out of 5G, as well as significant investments in
continued to experience increased levels of competition nationally. This high level   spectrum.
of competitive intensity has led to continued declines

                                                                                                                                                                         55
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireless


Competitors                                                                           including Bell, began to operationalize 3500 MHz spectrum acquired in 2021,
                                                                                      enabling faster data speeds and increased capacity. We expect the 3800 MHz and
• Large facilities-based national wireless service providers Rogers and the Telus     millimetre wave (mmWave) spectrum auctions held by ISED to commence in 2023
  Corporation group of companies (Telus)                                              and 2024, respectively, and these will be important to the expansion of 5G networks.
• Smaller facilities-based wireless service provider Shaw, which currently provides   The high capacity and near instant connections offered by mobile 5G and 5G+ will
  service in Toronto, Calgary, Vancouver, Edmonton and Ottawa, as well as in          support a virtually unlimited range of new consumer and business applications in
  several communities in southwestern Ontario                                         coming years, including virtual and augmented reality, AI and machine learning,
                                                                                      immersive entertainment services, connected vehicles, smart cities and enhanced
• Regional facilities-based wireless service providers Vidéotron Ltée (Vidéotron),    rural access, and unprecedented IoT opportunities for business and government
  which provides service in Montréal and other parts of Québec; Saskatchewan          enterprises. We expect 5G and 5G+ technology to provide a significant opportunity
  Telecommunications Holding Corporation, which provides service in                   for future growth in the industry.
  Saskatchewan; Bragg Communications Inc. (Eastlink), which provides service in
  the three Maritime provinces                                                        IoT technologies connect communications-enabled devices via wireless
                                                                                      technologies, allowing them to exchange key information and share processes.
Industry trends                                                                       Advanced platforms and networks are already in place in industries such as
                                                                                      transportation and logistics, utilities and fleet management, with deployment ongoing
Wireless growth continues to be driven by increasing data usage and adoption,         in other sectors, including smart cities, manufacturing, retail, food services,
including: higher-value smartphones, unlimited data offerings, shared family data     consumer utilities, and connected cars. These and other industries are looking to
plans, and growth in IoT devices. In addition, consumers continue to replace          IoT, combined with other applications, to digitally transform themselves and generate
wireline access with wireless access and related data services. These trends are      value from their connections. IoT represents a meaningful opportunity for growth in
expected to continue to drive a growing demand for wireless data services for the     wireless products and services, with secure connectivity, customer value,
foreseeable future, particularly as the industry continues to shift to 5G. Industry   productivity and efficiency. While IoT applications generally have lower ARPU, they
ARPU is expected to continue growing at a more moderate rate than 2022,               tend to generate high service volumes with low or no subsidy costs, thereby
compared to periods prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly considering that     supporting both revenue growth and margins. In 2022, we added 202,024 connected
roaming revenues have returned to pre-pandemic levels.                                devices, bringing our connected device subscriber base to 2,451,818 million, up 9%
                                                                                      from 2021.
While LTE and LTE-A technologies increase download speeds, encourage data
usage and enhance the customer experience, growth in data traffic poses
challenges to mobile access technology. To better manage this data traffic,
Canadian providers continue to evolve their networks and deploy spectrum to
support the shift to 5G. In 2022, the industry,


56   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireline



5.2            Bell Wireline
We expanded our fibre network to an additional 854,000 locations in 2022, our biggest annual fibre
buildout ever, driving our highest retail Internet net activations in 16 years and strong residential Internet
revenue growth. These results are a testament to the power of fibre-based Internet service that provides
the fastest, dedicated symmetrical speeds that cable technology cannot match.

Financial performance analysis
2022 performance highlights
Bell Wireline                                                       Bell Wireline
Revenues                                                            Adjusted EBITDA
(in $ millions)                                                     (in $ millions)
                                                                    (% adjusted EBITDA margin)




Retail high-speed Internet (1) (2)                                              Retail high-speed Internet                                                       New fibre
subscriber growth                                                               net subscriber activations in 2022                                               connections


+10.3%
in 2022
                                                                                201,762
                                                                                Increased 32.5% vs. 2021
                                                                                                                                                                 854,000
                                                                                                                                                                 Homes and businesses
                                                                                                                                                                 in 2022




Retail TV (1) (2)                                                               Retail IPTV                                                                      Retail residential NAS lines (1) (2)
subscriber growth                                                               net subscriber activations in 2022                                               subscriber decline


+0.6%
in 2022
                                                                                94,400
                                                                                Increased 24.1% vs. 2021
                                                                                                                                                                 (4.7%)
                                                                                                                                                                 in 2022




(1) In Q1 2022, as a result of the acquisition of EBOX and other related companies, our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 67,090, 9,025 and 3,456 subscribers,
    respectively.
(2) In Q4 2022, as a result of the acquisition of Distributel, our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 128,065, 2,315 and 64,498 subscribers, respectively.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 57
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireline

Bell Wireline results
Revenues
                                                                                                         2022                    2021            $ change             % change

Data                                                                                                    7,920                   7,871                  49                  0.6%
Voice                                                                                                   3,002                   3,154                (152)                (4.8%)
Other services                                                                                            309                     289                  20                  6.9%
External service revenues                                                                              11,231                  11,314                 (83)                (0.7%)
Inter-segment service revenues                                                                            412                     358                  54                15.1%
Operating service revenues                                                                             11,643                  11,672                 (29)                (0.2%)
Data                                                                                                      459                     463                  (4)                (0.9%)
Equipment and other                                                                                        45                      43                   2                  4.7%
External product revenues                                                                                 504                     506                  (2)                (0.4%)
Inter-segment product revenues                                                                              1                       –                   1                  n.m.
Operating product revenues                                                                                505                     506                  (1)                (0.2%)
Bell Wireline operating revenues                                                                       12,148                  12,178                 (30)                (0.2%)

n.m.: not meaningful


Bell Wireline operating revenues decreased by 0.2% in 2022, compared to last             These factors were partly offset by:
year, resulting from ongoing voice revenues erosion, partly offset by growth in data     • Higher acquisition, retention and bundle discounts on residential services
and other services revenue.
                                                                                         • Continued decline in our satellite TV subscriber base
Bell Wireline operating service revenues decreased by 0.2% in 2022, compared
to 2021.                                                                                 • Lower business solutions services revenue including the impact of the sale of our
                                                                                           wholly-owned subsidiary Createch on March 1, 2022
• Data revenues grew by 0.6% in 2022, compared to the prior year, driven by:
                                                                                         • Legacy data and IP data services revenue erosion
  • Higher retail Internet and IPTV subscriber bases, coupled with the flow-through
    of residential rate increases                                                       • Voice revenues declined by 4.8% in 2022, compared to last year, resulting from:
  • The acquisition of EBOX and other related companies in February 2022, along          • Continued retail residential NAS line erosion, coupled with business voice
    with the acquisition of Distributel in December 2022                                   erosion, reflecting the impact of technological substitution to wireless and Internet-
                                                                                           based services
  • Q2 2021 unfavourable retroactive impact from the CRTC decision on wholesale
    high-speed Internet access services of $44 million, which did not recur this year    • Lower sales of international wholesale long distance minutes
  • Greater sales of maintenance contracts for data equipment sold to business           These factors were partly offset by:
    customers
                                                                                         • Flow-through of residential rate increases
                                                                                        • Other services revenues grew by 6.9% in the year, compared to 2021, mainly
                                                                                          from greater data and analytics-related revenues
                                                                                        Bell Wireline operating product revenues were essentially stable year over year,
                                                                                        decreasing by 0.2%, compared to last year.


Operating costs and adjusted EBITDA
                                                                                                        2022                     2021            $ change             % change
Operating costs                                                                                        (6,831)                 (6,863)                 32                 0.5%
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                        5,317                    5,315                   2                        –
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                 43.8%                   43.6%                                     0.2 pts


Bell Wireline operating costs decreased by 0.5% in 2022, compared to 2021,              These factors were partly offset by:
due to:                                                                                 • Inflationary cost pressures primarily impacting labour, fuel, and utilities expenses
• Reduced TV programming and content costs from TV package mix and lower                • Greater repairs expense related to storm damages, primarily due to Hurricane
  related revenues                                                                        Fiona
• Lower business solutions services and payments to other carriers costs,               • Higher expenses related to maintenance contract revenue on data equipment sold
  associated with the lower corresponding revenues                                        to business customers
• Labour savings driven by workforce reductions, employee redeployment costs
  in 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and lower call volumes to our customer
  service centres


58      BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireline

Bell Wireline adjusted EBITDA remained essentially unchanged in 2022,                                               impact of the CRTC decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services in
compared to last year, as lower operating expenses were offset by lower year-                                       Q2 2021, which did not recur this year, partly offset by inflationary expense
over-year operating revenues. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 43.8% in 2022                                               pressures and storm-related costs.
increased by 0.2 pts over 2021, driven by the retroactive

Bell Wireline operating metrics
Data
Retail high-speed Internet
                                                                                                                                         2022                         2021    Change          % change

Retail net subscriber activations                                                                                                   201,762                     152,285        49,477           32.5%
Retail subscribers (1) (2)                                                                                                        4,258,570                   3,861,653       396,917           10.3%

(1) In Q1 2022, as a result of the acquisition of EBOX and other related companies, our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base increased by 67,090 subscribers.
(2) In Q4 2022, as a result of the acquisition of Distributel, our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base increased by 128,065 subscribers.


Retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations increased by 32.5% in                                         Retail high-speed Internet subscribers totaled 4,258,570 at December 31, 2022,
2022, compared to last year, driven by strong residential net activations attributable                              up 10.3% from 3,861,653 subscribers reported at the end of 2021. Our retail high-
to the ongoing growth in our FTTP footprint, coupled with increased promotional                                     speed Internet subscriber base includes an increase of 67,090 subscribers in
offers including bundled service offerings, partly offset by greater competitive                                    Q1 2022, as a result of the acquisition of EBOX and other related companies, and of
intensity.                                                                                                          128,065 subscribers in Q4 2022, attributable to the acquisition of Distributel.

Retail TV
                                                                                                                                          2022                         2021     Change        % change
Retail net subscriber activations (losses)                                                                                              5,148                         2,530      2,618            n.m.
   IPTV                                                                                                                                94,400                     76,068        18,332          24.1%
   Satellite                                                                                                                         (89,252)                    (73,538)      (15,714)        (21.4%)
Total retail subscribers (1) (2)                                                                                                   2,751,498                   2,735,010        16,488           0.6%
   IPTV (1) (2)                                                                                                                    1,988,181                   1,882,441       105,740           5.6%
   Satellite                                                                                                                         763,317                     852,569       (89,252)        (10.5%)

n.m.: not meaningful
(1) In Q1 2022, as a result of the acquisition of EBOX and other related companies, our retail IPTV subscriber base increased by 9,025 subscribers.
(2) In Q4 2022, as a result of the acquisition of Distributel, our retail IPTV base increased by 2,315 subscribers.


Retail IPTV net subscriber activations grew by 24.1% in 2022, compared to                                           Retail IPTV subscribers at December 31, 2022 totaled 1,988,181, up 5.6% from
2021, driven by increased net activations from higher Internet pull-through, greater                                1,882,441 subscribers reported at the end of 2021. Our retail IPTV subscriber base
promotional offers, and also reflected higher demand for our Fibe TV app                                            includes an increase of 9,025 subscribers in Q1 2022, as a result of the acquisition
streaming service, partly offset by greater competitive intensity, and higher                                       of EBOX and other related companies, and of 2,315 subscribers in Q4 2022,
substitution with OTT services.                                                                                     attributable to the acquisition of Distributel.
Retail satellite TV net subscriber losses increased by 21.4% in 2022, compared                                      Retail satellite TV subscribers at December 31, 2022 totaled 763,317, down
to last year, attributable to aggressive offers from cable competitors, particularly in                             10.5% from 852,569 subscribers reported at the end of 2021.
rural areas.
                                                                                                                    Total retail TV subscribers (IPTV and satellite TV combined) at
Total retail TV net subscriber activations (IPTV and satellite TV combined)                                         December 31, 2022 were 2,751,498 representing a 0.6% increase from
increased by 2,618 in 2022, compared to 2021, driven by higher IPTV net                                             2,735,010 subscribers at the end of 2021. Our retail IPTV subscriber base includes
activations, partly offset by greater satellite TV net losses.                                                      an increase of 9,025 subscribers in Q1 2022, as a result of the acquisition of EBOX
                                                                                                                    and other related companies, and of 2,315 subscribers in Q4 2022, attributable to
                                                                                                                    the acquisition of Distributel.

                                                                                                                                                                                                     59
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireline

Voice
                                                                                                                                          2022                         2021    Change               % change

Retail residential NAS lines net losses                                                                                            (175,788)                    (185,327)        9,539                  5.1%
Retail residential NAS lines (1) (2)                                                                                              2,190,771                   2,298,605       (107,834)                (4.7%)

(1) In Q1 2022, as a result of the acquisition of EBOX and other related companies, our retail residential NAS lines subscriber base increased by 3,456 subscribers.
(2) In Q4 2022, as a result of the acquisition of Distributel, our retail residential NAS lines subscriber base increased by 64,498 subscribers.


Retail residential NAS lines net losses improved by 5.1% in 2022, compared to                                        Retail residential NAS lines at December 31, 2022 of 2,190,771 declined by 4.7%
last year, reflecting lower deactivations primarily in the early part of 2022 due to the                             from 2,298,605 lines reported at the end of 2021. Our retail residential NAS lines
COVID-19 pandemic, partly offset by reduced activations, attributable to the impact                                  subscriber base includes an increase of 3,456 subscribers in Q1 2022, as a result of
of ongoing substitution to wireless and Internet-based technologies.                                                 the acquisition of EBOX and other related companies, and of 64,498 subscribers in
                                                                                                                     Q4 2022, attributable to the acquisition of Distributel. The decline in retail residential
                                                                                                                     NAS lines of 4.7% represented an improvement over the 7.5% rate of erosion
                                                                                                                     experienced in 2021, mainly from the impact of the aforementioned acquisitions.



Competitive landscape and industry trends
This section contains forward-looking statements, including related to our business outlook, anticipated capital expenditures and network deployment plans. Refer to the
section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.

Competitive landscape
As with the Canadian wireless industry, wireline markets and operations were                                         While Canadians still watch traditional TV, digital platforms are playing an
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly during its earlier waves. Physical                                   increasingly important role in the broadcasting industry and in respect of content.
distancing requirements impacted traditional wireline installations, as installers                                   Popular online video services are providing Canadians with more choice about
were restricted from entering customers’ premises. Conversely, with large numbers                                    where, when and how to access video content. In 2022, ILECs offering IPTV service
of workers and students working and learning from home, demand for wireline                                          grew their subscriber base by an estimated 4% to reach 3.4 million customers,
services surged, with network traffic levels reaching historic levels during the                                     driven by expanded network coverage, enhanced differentiated service and bundled
pandemic. Although the residential high-speed Internet market is maturing, with a                                    offerings, and marketing and promotions focused on IPTV. Despite this IPTV growth,
penetration rate of approximately 91% across Canada at the end of 2022,                                              the combined cable TV and satellite TV subscriber penetration rate was unchanged.
subscriber growth is expected to continue over the coming years. An estimated                                        Canada’s four largest cable companies had an estimated 4.8 million TV subscribers,
7.5 million Internet subscribers received their service over the networks of the four                                or a 48% market share, flat compared to the end of 2021. The balance of industry
largest cable companies at the end of 2022, up 2% from approximately 7.4 million                                     subscribers were served by satellite TV and regional providers.
at the end of 2021. Meanwhile, an estimated 7.2 million Internet subscribers
received their service over the networks of incumbent local exchange carriers                                        In recent years, three of the largest Canadian cable TV companies have launched
(ILECs) like Bell at the end of 2022, up 6% from approximately 6.8 million at the                                    new TV services based on the Comcast X1 video platform, including Shaw, Rogers
end of 2021. Bell continues to make gains in market share as a result of the                                         and Québecor’s Vidéotron brand. Our IPTV platform (Fibe TV, Fibe TV app and
ongoing expansion of our FTTP direct fibre network and increased customer                                            Virgin Plus TV) continues to offer numerous service advantages compared to this
penetration of bundled service offerings. Similar to our accelerated 5G                                              cable platform.
investments, our investments to expand our fibre footprint are supported by our                                      The financial performance of the overall Canadian wireline telecommunications
capital investment acceleration program, which commenced in 2021 and continued                                       market continues to be impacted by the ongoing declines in legacy voice service
in 2022. While capital expenditures are expected to decrease in 2023, they will                                      revenues resulting from technological substitution to wireless and OTT services, as
remain elevated compared to pre-2020 annual levels as we continue to make                                            well as by ongoing conversion to IP-based data services and networks by large
generational investments in our networks to support the buildout of our fibre                                        business customers. Canada’s four largest cable companies had approximately
infrastructure. Additionally, we received recognition from PCMag as the top ISP                                      2.8 million telephony subscribers at the end of 2022, representing a national
among Canada’s major providers for gaming for the second year in a row.                                              residential market share of approximately 41%, down compared to approximately
                                                                                                                     42% at the end of 2021. Telecommunications companies had an estimated
                                                                                                                     3.4 million telephony subscribers at the end of 2022, representing approximately
                                                                                                                     49% market share, relatively flat compared to 2021. Other non-facilities-based
                                                                                                                     competitors also offer local and long distance VoIP services and resell high-speed
                                                                                                                     Internet services.

60     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireline


Competitors                                                                            The popularity of viewing TV and on-demand content anywhere, particularly on
                                                                                       handheld devices, is expected to continue to grow as customers adopt services that
• Cable TV providers offering cable TV, Internet and cable telephony services,         enable them to view content on multiple screens. Streaming media providers
  including:                                                                           continue to enhance OTT and DTC streaming services in order to compete for share
 • Rogers in Ontario, New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador                         of viewership in response to evolving viewing habits and consumer demand. TV
                                                                                       providers are monitoring OTT developments and evolving their content and market
 • Vidéotron in Québec
                                                                                       strategy to compete with these non-traditional offerings. We view OTT as an
 • Cogeco Cable Inc. (a subsidiary of Cogeco Inc.) (Cogeco) in Ontario and             opportunity to add further capabilities to our linear and on-demand assets, providing
   Québec                                                                              customers with flexible options to choose the content they want, and encourage
 • Shaw in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba and Ontario               greater customer usage of Bell’s high-speed Internet and wireless networks. The
                                                                                       latest evolution of our Fibe TV service, powered by Google Android TV technology,
 • Shaw Direct, providing satellite TV service nationwide                              has new capabilities and features including access to thousands of apps, including
 • Eastlink in every province except Saskatchewan, where it does not provide           Crave, Netflix and Prime Video, voice remote powered by Google Assistant,
   cable TV and Internet service                                                       universal search and cloud PVR, as well as access to the Fibe TV app.

• Telus provides residential voice, Internet and IPTV services in British Columbia,    The Canadian ILECs continue to make significant capital investments in broadband
  Alberta and Eastern Québec                                                           networks, with a focus on FTTP to maintain and enhance their ability to support
                                                                                       enhanced IP-based services and higher broadband speeds. Cable TV companies
• Telus and Allstream Inc. provide wholesale products and business services            continue to evolve their cable networks with DOCSIS-related bandwidth
  across Canada                                                                        enhancements and node splitting. Although this platform increases speed in the near
• Various others (such as TekSavvy Solutions, VMedia, and Vonage Canada (a             term and is cost-efficient, it does not offer the same advanced capabilities as FTTP
  division of Vonage Holdings Corp.) offer resale or VoIP-based local, long distance   over the longer term, such as fast symmetrical upload and download speeds. Bell’s
  and Internet services                                                                pure fibre Internet Gigabit 8.0 offers symmetrical download and upload speeds of
                                                                                       8 Gbps, delivering download speeds five times faster than cable technology and
• LEO satellite providers offering Internet services
                                                                                       upload speeds 150 times faster than cable technology.
• OTT voice and/or video services, such as Zoom, Skype, Netflix, Prime Video,
  Disney+ and YouTube                                                                  In the business market, the convergence of IT and telecommunications, facilitated by
                                                                                       the ubiquity of IP, continues to shape the competitive environment, with
• Digital media streaming devices such as Apple TV, Roku and Google                    non-traditional providers increasingly blurring the lines of competition and business
  Chromecast                                                                           models. Cable TV companies continue to make investments to better compete in the
• Other Canadian ILECs and cable TV operators                                          highly contested small and medium-sized business space. Telecommunications
                                                                                       companies like Bell are providing network-centric managed applications that
• Substitution to wireless services, including those offered by Bell
                                                                                       leverage their significant FTTP investments, while IT service providers are bundling
• Customized managed outsourcing solutions competitors, such as systems                network connectivity with their proprietary software as service offerings. The
  integrators CGI and IBM                                                              development of IP-based platforms, which provide combined IP voice, data and
• Wholesale competitors include cable operators, domestic CLECs, U.S. or other         video solutions, creates potential cost efficiencies that compensate, in part, for
  international carriers for certain services, and electrical utility-based            reduced margins resulting from the continuing shift from legacy to IP-based services.
  telecommunications providers                                                         The evolution of IT has created significant opportunities for our business markets
                                                                                       services, such as cloud services, that can have a greater business impact than
• Competitors for home security range from local to national companies, such as        traditional telecommunications services.
  Telus, Rogers, Chubb Fire & Security and Stanley Security. Competitors also
  include do-it-yourself security providers such as Lorex and home automation
  service providers such as Ring, Nest and Wyze.

Industry trends
The wireline telecommunications market is expected to remain very competitive in
2023. Technology substitution, including the growth of wireless and VoIP services,
is expected to continue to replace higher-margin legacy voice revenues, while
digital streaming services and other online content providers are expected to
impact traditional linear TV services. Bell is a key provider of these substitution
services and the decline in this legacy business is continuing as expected.


                                                                                                                                                                         61
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media



5.3           Bell Media
Bell Media generated revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth in 2022, even as TV advertising demand across the
industry slowed due to uncertain economic conditions. This is a testament to Bell Media’s diversified asset mix,
including a growing contribution from digital platforms, our breadth of programming and consistently high ratings for
all our TV properties.

Financial performance analysis
2022 performance highlights

Bell Media                                           Bell Media
Revenues                                             Adjusted EBITDA
(in $ millions)                                      (in $ millions)




Bell Media                                                             Bell Media
Revenue mix                                                            Revenue mix
(product)                                                              (line of business)




Bell Media results
Revenues
                                                                                                         2022               2021              $ change             % change

External revenues                                                                                       2,904              2,681                  223                 8.3%
Inter-segment revenues                                                                                    350               355                    (5)               (1.4%)
Bell Media operating revenues                                                                           3,254              3,036                  218                 7.2%


Bell Media operating revenues increased by 7.2% in 2022, compared to last                   advertising revenues also contributed to the year-over-year growth, mainly from
year, due to higher subscriber, advertising and other revenues. This included               strong demand by advertisers for the FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022, partly offset by
continued growth in digital revenues of 54% in 2022.                                        pressures caused by the current economic uncertainty due to inflationary cost
• Advertising revenues grew by 3.7% in 2022, compared to last year, driven by               pressures, a potential recession and global supply chain challenges.
  higher OOH and radio advertising revenues due to the ongoing recovery from the
  effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. TV

62     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media

• Subscriber revenues increased by 8.3% in 2022, compared to 2021, due to the         • Other revenues increased year over year due to the return of the F1 Canadian
  benefit from a one-time retroactive adjustment related to a contract with a           Grand Prix in Q2 2022, which was cancelled in 2021 due to the
  Canadian TV distributor in Q1 2022 and the continued growth in Crave and              COVID-19 pandemic
  sports streaming direct-to-consumer subscribers

Operating costs and adjusted EBITDA
                                                                                                       2022                 2021                $ change                 % change

Operating costs                                                                                      (2,509)              (2,311)                   (198)                   (8.6%)
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                        745                  725                       20                    2.8%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                               22.9%               23.9%                                           (1.0) pts


Bell Media operating costs increased by 8.6% in 2022, compared to last year,          • Noovo had 3 out of the top 15 most watched regular shows on French
due to higher sports programming costs, mainly related to the broadcast rights for      conventional TV among viewers aged 25 to 54 (1)
the FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022, as well as reflecting the return to regular sports     • Bell Media continued to rank first in unique visitors, total page views and total page
broadcast schedules and entertainment programming content deliveries                    minutes in digital media in 2022 among Canadian broadcast and video network
subsequent to COVID-19-related delays in 2021. The year-over-year increase in           competitors. Bell Media also ranked sixth among online properties in the country in
operating costs was also impacted by the higher costs associated with the return of     terms of unique visitors and reach, with 23.7 million unique visitors per month,
the F1 Canadian Grand Prix and the temporary waiving in Q1 2021 of CRTC Part I          reaching 73% of the digital audience in 2022 (2).
and II broadcasting license fees due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
                                                                                      • Bell Media remained Canada’s top radio broadcaster in 2022, and it had the
Bell Media adjusted EBITDA grew by 2.8% in 2022, compared to 2021, driven by            #1 musical radio station in Montréal in Fall 2022 (1)
greater revenues, moderated by increased operating costs.
                                                                                      • Astral continues to be a leading OOH solution provider in Canada, offering over
                                                                                        45,000 faces across Canada through a range of six product lines: outdoor
Bell Media operating metrics                                                            advertising, street furniture, airport, digital large format, transit and indoor place-
• CTV maintained its #1 ranking as the most-watched network in Canada for the           based. Our products have the potential to reach 13.8 million Canadians weekly in
  21st year in a row among total viewers in primetime, with 12 of the top               40 markets, and we offer exclusive advertising presence including 6 of the top
  20 programs nationally among total viewers (1)                                        15 airports and 2 of the top transit commissions in Canada.
• Bell Media maintained its leadership position in the specialty and pay TV market
  with its English specialty and pay TV properties reaching 77% of all Canadian
  English specialty and pay TV viewers in the average week among key viewers
  aged 25 to 54 and with its French specialty and pay TV properties reaching 77%
  of Québec French specialty and pay TV viewers in an average week (1)


Competitive landscape and industry trends
This section contains forward-looking statements, including related to our business outlook. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the
beginning of this MD&A.

Competitive landscape
Competition in the Canadian media industry has changed in recent years as             • Radio: Competition within the radio broadcasting industry occurs primarily in
content is increasingly being controlled by a small number of global competitors        discrete local market areas among individual stations
with significant scale and financial resources. Technology has allowed new            • OOH: The Canadian OOH advertising industry is fragmented, consisting of a few
entrants to become media players in their own right. Some players have become           large companies as well as numerous smaller and local companies operating in a
more vertically integrated across both traditional and emerging platforms to better     few local markets
enable the acquisition and monetization of premium content. Global aggregators
have also emerged and are competing for both content and viewers.                     • Digital media: Consumer demand for digital media, content on mobile devices,
                                                                                        and on-demand content is increasing and media products have experienced
Bell Media competes in the TV, radio, OOH advertising and digital media markets:        significant digital uptake, requiring industry players to increase their efforts in digital
• TV: The TV market has become increasingly fragmented and this trend is                content and capabilities in order to compete. In response to this trend, advertisers
  expected to continue as new services and technologies increase the diversity of       are shifting their spending to premium video and audio products on global digital
  information and entertainment outlets available to consumers                          platforms and social media that enable marketers to narrowly target specific
                                                                                        audiences instead of the previous mass marketing approach. This results in lower
                                                                                        use of traditional advertising methods and requires a shift in focus. Bell Media and
                                                                                        other media companies have initiated programs to sell their advertising inventory
                                                                                        on a more targeted basis through updated buying platforms with enhanced access
                                                                                        to data and are now selling their inventory on programmatic buying platforms.


(1) Based on data provided by Numeris.
(2) Based on data provided by Comscore, Inc.

                                                                                                                                                                                63
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media

In 2022, advertising demand and spending across the North American media                 Industry trends
industry was impacted by unfavourable economic conditions and disruptions to
supply chains. In particular, TV and radio advertising demand softened as a result       Consumers continue to have access to an array of online entertainment and
of persistently high inflation, fears of a potential recession and supply chain issues   information alternatives that did not previously exist. While traditional linear TV has
in certain key consumer verticals, such as the automotive industry. However, OOH         historically been the only way to access entertainment programming, the increase in
advertising improved as it recovered from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic           alternative entertainment options has led to a fragmentation in consumption habits.
due to increased circulation and traffic.                                                Although more time is still spent on traditional linear TV compared to other forms of
                                                                                         video consumption, people are increasingly consuming content on their own terms
                                                                                         from an assortment of services and in a variety of formats. In particular, today’s
Competitors                                                                              viewers are consuming more content online, watching less scheduled programming
TV                                                                                       live, time-shifting original broadcasts through PVRs, viewing more video on mobile
                                                                                         devices, and catching up on an expanded library of past programming on-demand.
• Conventional Canadian TV stations (local and distant signals) and specialty and
                                                                                         While the majority of households use pure OTT services, such as Crave, Netflix,
  pay channels, such as those owned by Corus Entertainment Inc. (Corus),
                                                                                         Prime Video, Disney+ and Apple TV+, to complement linear TV consumption, an
  Rogers, Québecor and Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)/Société
                                                                                         increasing number are using these services as alternatives to a traditional linear
  Radio-Canada
                                                                                         package.
• U.S. conventional TV stations and specialty channels
                                                                                         Premium video content has become increasingly important to media companies in
• OTT streaming providers such as Netflix, Prime Video, Disney+, Apple TV+,              attracting and retaining viewers and advertisers. This content, including live sports
  Paramount +, discovery+ and DAZN                                                       and special events, should continue to draw audiences and advertisers moving
• Video-sharing websites such as YouTube, TikTok and Instagram                           forward. Heightened competition for these rights from global competitors, including
                                                                                         Netflix, Prime Video, Disney+, DAZN and Apple TV+, has already resulted in higher
Radio                                                                                    program rights costs and may also make it more difficult to secure content, which is
• Large radio operators, such as Rogers, Corus, Cogeco and Stingray Group Inc.           a trend that is expected to continue into the future.
  that also own and operate radio station clusters in various local markets              Consumer viewing behaviour is continually changing and media companies are
• Radio stations in specific local markets                                               adjusting by evolving and personalizing their content offerings. They are launching
                                                                                         their own solutions with the objective of better competing with non-traditional
• Satellite radio provider SiriusXM
                                                                                         offerings through DTC products such as Bell Media’s bilingual Crave service, TSN
• Music streaming services such as Spotify and Apple Music                               and RDS, all of which offer streaming on a variety of platforms. Access to live sports,
• Music downloading services such as Apple’s iTunes Store                                immersive experiences and other premium content has become even more
                                                                                         important for acquiring and retaining audiences that in turn attract advertisers and
• Other media such as newspapers, local weeklies, TV, magazines, outdoor                 subscriber revenue. Therefore, ownership of content and/or long-term agreements
  advertising and the Internet                                                           with content owners has also become increasingly important to media companies.
OOH advertising                                                                          In addition, there has been a shift in how advertisers want to buy advertising across
• Large outdoor and indoor advertisers, such as Jim Pattison Broadcast Group,            all media platforms. The growth of digital consumption has also given advertisers the
  Outfront Media, Québecor, Branded City, REC Media, UB Media and Rouge                  opportunity to buy more targeted inventory and to buy inventory via self-serve and
  Media (a division of Rogers Sports & Media)                                            programmatically. As a result, Bell Media and other media companies have initiated
                                                                                         programs to sell their advertising inventory on a more targeted basis through
• Numerous smaller and local companies operating a limited number of display             updated buying platforms with enhanced access to data and are now selling their
  faces in a few local markets                                                           inventory on programmatic buying platforms.
• Other media such as TV, radio, print media and the Internet


64   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
5 MD&A Business segment analysis



5.4        Segmented business outlook, assumptions and risks
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our projected financial performance for 2023 and our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic
priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.
Effective Q1 2023, our externally reported segments will change to Bell CTS and Bell Media. As a result of our reporting changes, the business outlook, assumptions and
risks outlined in this section are presented in accordance with our new reporting segments. Refer to section 1.2, About BCE for further details.


Bell CTS
Business outlook and assumptions                                                        leverage low-cost technologies to grow and transform the workforce of the future
                                                                                        and face increased uncertainty about future economic conditions, spending on
2023 outlook                                                                            telecommunications services and products is expected to be variable. In addition,
We expect revenue growth to be driven by continued subscriber base expansion.           ongoing customer migrations from traditional technologies to IP-based systems and
                                                                                        demand for cheaper bandwidth alternatives will continue to impact business
Wireless subscriber growth is expected to be supported by an accelerating 5G            markets’ results in 2023. We intend to offset the revenue decline from traditional
upgrade cycle, higher immigration levels and our focus on multi-product cross           legacy telecommunications services by continuing to develop unique services and
sales. We remain focused on sustaining our market share of national operators’          value enhancements to improve the client experience through new features such as
postpaid mobile phone net additions in a disciplined and cost-conscious manner,         cloud access, and security and collaboration services. Further, we intend to use
while also continuing to grow our prepaid subscriber base. We expect higher, but        marketing initiatives and other customer-specific strategies to slow the pace of NAS
more moderate, growth in ARPU driven by increased 5G subscriptions and higher           erosion, while also investing in direct fibre expansion, 5G and new solutions in key
roaming revenue, partly offset by reduced data overage revenue resulting from the       portfolios such as Internet and private networks, cloud services, unified
continued adoption of unlimited plans. We will also seek to achieve higher              communications and security. We will also continue to focus on delivering network-
revenues from the flow-through of pricing changes, as well as IoT services and          centric managed and professional services solutions to large and medium-sized
applications in the areas of retail, business, transportation, and urban city           businesses that increase the value of connectivity services.
optimization.
                                                                                        We expect the overall level of competitive intensity in our small and medium-sized
Continued expansion of our retail Internet and TV subscriber bases is expected to       business markets to remain high, as cable operators and other telecom competitors
be supported by a broader FTTP service footprint together with higher household         look to these customer segments as potential growth opportunities. We also intend
penetration, further penetration of WHI access technology in rural communities,         to introduce service offerings that help drive innovative solutions and value for our
further scaling of Bell’s app-based live TV streaming services and the introduction     small and medium-sized customers by leveraging Bell’s network assets, broadband
of new products and features. The broadband network advantage that we are               fibre expansion and service capabilities to expand our relationships with them.
building with the continued deployment of fibre across our service footprint
positions us well to continue growing Internet market share and revenue. We will        We are maintaining a sharp focus on our operating cost structure to help offset
continue to focus on winning the home by leveraging our symmetrical Internet            pressures related to customer growth and retention, the ongoing erosion of high-
speed advantage over cable and delivering the best available Wi-Fi experience           margin wireline voice and other legacy revenues, and competitive repricing
and content on the customer’s TV platform of choice in order to drive higher            pressures in our residential, business and wholesale markets. This, combined with
Internet and TV net customer additions. Consumer wireline growth is also to be          further operating efficiencies enabled by the ongoing expansion of our all-fibre
supported by our acquisitions of EBOX and Distributel in 2022.                          network footprint, changes in consumer behaviour, digital adoption, product and
                                                                                        service enhancements and innovation, digital investments and other improvements
In our business markets, we expect an improving financial performance trajectory        to the customer service experience, is expected to deliver meaningful cost savings
predicated on higher product sales and resumption of project spending by large          and productivity gains across the organization.
enterprise customers as global supply constraints for telecom data equipment are
expected to ease. However, as large enterprise customers continue to look for
opportunities to

                                                                                                                                                                           65
5 MD&A Business segment analysis


Assumptions                                                                             • Traditional high-margin product categories challenged by large global cloud and
                                                                                          OTT providers of business voice and data solutions expanding into Canada with
• Maintain our market share of national operators’ wireless postpaid mobile phone         on-demand services
  net additions and growth of our prepaid subscriber base
                                                                                        • Increasing customer adoption of OTT services resulting in downsizing of TV
• Increased competitive intensity and promotional activity across all regions and         packages
  market segments
                                                                                        • Growing consumption of OTT TV services and on-demand video streaming, as well
• Ongoing expansion and deployment of 5G and 5G+ wireless networks, offering              as the proliferation of devices, such as tablets, that consume large quantities of
  competitive coverage and quality                                                        bandwidth, will require ongoing capital investment
• Continued diversification of our distribution strategy with a focus on expanding      • Realization of cost savings related to operating efficiencies enabled by a growing
  DTC and online transactions                                                             direct fibre footprint, changes in consumer behaviour and product innovation,
• Moderating growth in mobile phone blended ARPU, driven by growth in 5G                  digital adoption, product and service enhancements, expanding self-serve
  subscriptions, and increased roaming revenue from the easing of travel                  capabilities, new call centre and digital investments, other improvements to the
  restrictions implemented as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, partly offset by         customer service experience, management workforce reductions including attrition
  reduced data overage revenue due, among others, to the continued adoption of            and retirements, and lower contracted rates from our suppliers
  unlimited plans                                                                       • No adverse material financial, operational or competitive consequences of
• Accelerating business customer adoption of advanced 5G, 5G+ and IoT solutions           changes in or implementation of regulations affecting our communication and
                                                                                          technology services business
• Improving wireless handset device availability in addition to stable device pricing
  and margins
• Further deployment of direct fibre to more homes and businesses within our
                                                                                        Key growth drivers
  wireline footprint                                                                    • Higher immigration levels
• Continued growth in retail Internet and IPTV subscribers                              • A greater number of customers on our 5G and 5G+ networks
• Increasing wireless and Internet-based technological substitution                     • Cross-sell to customers who do not have all their telecommunication services with
                                                                                          Bell
• Continued aggressive residential service bundle offers from cable TV competitors
  in our local wireline areas, moderated by growing our share of competitive            • Expansion of FTTP footprint
  residential service bundles                                                           • Increasing FTTP and WTTP customer penetration
• Continued large business customer migration to IP-based systems                       • Continued growth in retail Internet and IPTV subscribers
• Ongoing competitive repricing pressures in our business and wholesale markets         • Expansion of our business customer relationships to drive higher revenue per
• Continued competitive intensity in our small and medium-sized business markets          customer
  as cable operators and other telecommunications competitors continue to               • Ongoing service innovation and product value enhancements
  intensify their focus on business customers

66   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
5 MD&A Business segment analysis

Principal business risks
This section discusses certain principal business risks specifically related to the Bell CTS segment. For a detailed description of the other principal risks that could have a
material adverse effect on our business, refer to section 9, Business risks.

Aggressive competition                                     Regulatory environment                                       Market environment, technological
Risk                                                       Risk                                                         advancement and changing
• The intensity of competitive activity from national      • Increased regulation of wireless services, pricing and     customer behaviour
  wireless operators, smaller or regional facilities-        infrastructure (e.g., additional mandated access to        Risk
  based wireless service providers, non-traditional          wireless networks, establishing rates for mandated         • Slower wireless subscriber growth due to high
  players and resellers                                      wireless services that are materially different from the     Canadian smartphone penetration and reduced or
• The intensity of competitive activity coupled with         rates we propose, and limitations placed on future           slower immigration flow
  new wireline product launches for residential              spectrum bidding)
                                                                                                                        • With technological advancement, the traditional TV
  customers (e.g., IoT, smart home systems and             • The CRTC could mandate rates for the new                     viewing model (i.e., a subscription for bundled
  devices, innovative TV platforms, etc.) and                disaggregated wholesale high-speed access service            channels) is challenged by an increasing number of
  business customers (e.g., OTT VoIP, collaboration          available on FTTP facilities that are materially             legal and illegal viewing options available in the
  and SD WAN solutions) from national operators,             different from the rates we proposed, and which do           market offered by traditional, non-traditional and
  non-traditional players and wholesalers, including         not sufficiently account for the investment required in      global players, as well as increasing cord-cutting
  the expanded offering of retail services based on          these facilities, or modify the network configuration of     and cord-shaving trends
  wholesale access by large facilities-based                 this new service in a way that materially improves the
  competitors                                                business position of our competitors                       • The proliferation of network technologies impacts
                                                                                                                          business customers’ decision to migrate to OTT,
                                                           • The courts could overturn the new wholesale rates            VoIP and/or leverage SD WAN architecture
Potential impact                                             the CRTC set for aggregated high-speed access
• Pressure on our revenue, adjusted EBITDA, ARPU             service in 2021, which were much higher than               • Changing customer habits further contribute to the
  and churn would likely result if wireless competitors      the rates it had proposed in 2019                            erosion of NAS lines
  continue to aggressively pursue new types of price
  plans, increase discounts, offer shared plans based      Potential impact                                             Potential impact
  on sophisticated pricing requirements (e.g.,                                                                          • A maturing wireless market could challenge
                                                           • Increased regulation could influence network
  installments) or offer other incentives, such as                                                                        subscriber growth and the cost of subscriber
                                                             investment and the market structure, limit our
  cash-back for upgrade with old smartphone and                                                                           acquisition and retention, putting pressure on the
                                                             flexibility, improve the business position of our
  multi-product bundles, in order to attract new                                                                          financial performance of our business
                                                             competitors, limit network-based differentiation of our
  customers
                                                             services, and negatively impact the financial              • Our market penetration and number of TV
• An increase in the intensity level of competitive          performance of our Bell CTS segment                          subscribers could decline as a result of innovative
  activity for wireline services could result in lost      • In respect of the new disaggregated wholesale high-          offerings by BDUs and an increasing number of
  revenue, higher churn and increased acquisition            speed access service available on FTTP facilities, the       domestic and non-domestic unregulated OTT
  and retention expenses, all of which would put             mandating of rates that are materially different from        providers, as well as a significant volume
  pressure on Bell CTS’s adjusted EBITDA                     the rates we proposed or the adoption of a network           of content piracy
                                                             configuration advantageous for our competitors, or         • The proliferation of IP-based products, including
                                                             the implementation of the rates reduced by the CRTC          OTT content and OTT software offerings directly to
                                                             in August 2019 for aggregated wholesale high-speed           consumers, may accelerate the disconnection of TV
                                                             access services, could change our investment                 services or the reduction of TV spending, as well as
                                                             strategy, especially in relation to investment in next-      the reduction in business IT investments
                                                             generation wireline networks in smaller communities          by customers
                                                             and rural areas, improve the business position of our
                                                             competitors, further accelerate penetration and            • The ongoing loss of NAS lines challenges our
                                                             disintermediation by OTT players, and negatively             traditional voice revenues and compels us to
                                                             impact the financial performance of our business             develop other service offerings


                                                                                                                                                                                67
5 MD&A Business segment analysis


Bell Media
Business outlook and assumptions                                                       In our French-language TV services, we will continue to optimize our programming
                                                                                       with a view to increasing our appeal to audiences, supported in particular by Noovo
2023 outlook                                                                           content offerings.
We expect to generate positive media revenue growth in 2023. While the                 In radio, we intend to leverage the strength of our market position to continue
advertising market continues to be adversely affected by economic uncertainty,         offering advertisers, both nationally and locally, attractive opportunities to reach their
including fears of a potential recession, and ongoing supply chain challenges, we      target audiences. Additionally, in conjunction with our TV properties, we will continue
expect a gradual recovery to begin in the second half of the year. Subscriber          to pursue opportunities that leverage our promotional capabilities, provide an
revenue is expected to reflect the non-recurrence of a one-time revenue                expanded platform for content sharing, and offer other synergistic efficiencies.
adjustment in 2022, but moderated by the flow-through of BDU carriage renewals
and continued scaling of DTC products, including Crave. The effects of shifting        In our OOH operations, we plan to leverage the strength of our products to provide
media consumption towards competing OTT and digital platforms, as well as              advertisers with attractive opportunities in key Canadian markets. We will also
further TV cord-shaving and cord-cutting, are also expected to continue to             continue to seek new opportunities to support the growing demand in digital,
negatively impact subscriber volumes.                                                  including converting certain outdoor structures to digital and adding new boards.
We remain committed to advancing our digital-first media strategy, including
growing digital revenues and DTC subscribers, and increasing usage of our ad           Assumptions
buying optimization platforms. We also intend to continue controlling costs by         • Overall revenue expected to reflect continued scaling of our SAM TV and DSP
achieving productivity gains and pursuing operational efficiencies across all of our     buying platforms, as well as DTC subscriber growth contributing towards the
media properties, while continuing to invest in premium content across all screens       advancement of our digital-first media strategy
and platforms.
                                                                                       • Continued escalation of media content costs to secure quality programming
Across our media properties, particularly in TV, we intend to leverage the strength    • Continued scaling of Crave through broader content offering, user experience
of our market position combined with enhanced audience targeting to continue             improvements and expanded distribution
offering advertisers, both nationally and locally, premium opportunities to reach
their target audiences. Success in this area requires that we focus on a number of     • Continued investment in Noovo original programming to better serve our French-
factors, including: successfully acquiring highly rated programming and                  language customers with a wider array of content on their preferred platforms
differentiated content; building and maintaining strategic supply arrangements for     • Leveraging of first-party data to improve targeting, advertisement delivery and
content across all screens and platforms; producing and commissioning high-              attribution
quality Canadian content, including market-leading news; and scaling our SAM TV
and Bell DSP ad buying optimization platforms, which give customers the ability to     • Ability to successfully acquire and produce highly-rated programming and
plan, activate and measure marketing campaigns using Bell’s premium first-party          differentiated content
data and TV inventory.                                                                 • Building and maintaining strategic supply arrangements for content across all
                                                                                         screens and platforms
Our sports offerings are expected to continue to deliver popular content and
viewing experiences to our TV and DTC audiences. These offerings, combined             • No adverse material financial, operational or competitive consequences of
with the integration of our digital platforms, are integral parts of our strategy to     changes in or implementation of regulations affecting our media business
enhance viewership and engagement. We will also continue to focus on creating
innovative high-quality productions in the areas of sports news and editorial          Key growth drivers
coverage.
                                                                                       • Continued scaling of SAM TV and Bell DSP buying platforms
In non-sports specialty TV, audiences and advertising revenues are expected to be      • Ongoing growth in BDU rates
driven by investment in quality programming and production.
                                                                                       • Build out digital experiences and expand distribution in order to support audience
Through Crave, our bilingual TV and streaming service, we will continue to               growth and increase advertising inventory
leverage our investments in premium content (including HBO, HBO Max, STARZ
and original French-language programming) in order to attract pay TV and DTC           • Grow TV audiences and generate revenue from continued investment in Noovo
subscribers. We intend to continue expanding platform distribution and delivering        original programming
user experience improvements.                                                          • Maintain strength in audience performance across all platforms


68   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
5 MD&A Business segment analysis

Principal business risks
This section discusses certain principal business risks specifically related to the Bell Media segment. For a detailed description of the other principal risks that could have a
material adverse effect on our business, refer to section 9, Business risks.

Advertising and subscription                                Aggressive competition, piracy                                Rising content costs and ability
revenue uncertainty                                         and regulatory constraints                                    to secure key content
Risk                                                        Risk                                                          Risk
• Advertising is heavily dependent on economic              • The intensity of competitive activity from new              • Rising content costs, as an increasing number of
  conditions and viewership, and traditional media is         technologies and alternative distribution platforms           domestic and global competitors seek to acquire
  under increasing pressure for advertising spend             such as unregulated OTT content offerings,                    the same content or to restrict content within their
  against dominant non-traditional/global digital             video-on-demand (VOD), personal video platforms,              own ecosystems, and the ability to acquire or
  services. Our ability to grow digital and other             DTC distribution and pirated content, in addition to          develop key differentiated content to drive revenues
  alternative advertising revenue, in the context of a        traditional TV services, in combination with the              and subscriber growth
  changing and fragmented advertising market, is              development of more aggressive product and sales
  further being challenged by such global-scale               strategies by non-traditional global players with a         Potential impact
  players.                                                    much larger scale
                                                                                                                          • Rising programming costs could require us to incur
• The advertising market could be further impacted                                                                          unplanned expenses, which could result in negative
  by cancelled or delayed advertising campaigns             Potential impact                                                pressure on adjusted EBITDA
  from many sectors due to economic uncertainty or          • Adverse impact on the level of subscriptions and/or         • Our inability to acquire or develop popular
  a reintroduction of restrictive measures related to         viewership for Bell Media’s TV services and on Bell           programming content could adversely affect Bell
  the COVID-19 pandemic                                       Media’s revenue streams                                       Media’s viewership and subscription levels and,
• Bell Media has contracts with a variety of BDUs,                                                                          consequently, advertising and subscription
  under which monthly subscription fees for specialty                                                                       revenues
  and pay TV services are earned, that expire on a
  specific date

Potential impact
• Economic uncertainty or a reintroduction of
  restrictive COVID-19-related measures could
  reduce advertisers’ spending. Our failure to
  increase or maintain viewership or capture our
  share of the changing and fragmented advertising
  market could result in the loss of advertising
  revenue.
• If we are not successful in obtaining favourable
  agreements with BDUs, it could result in the loss of
  subscription revenue


                                                                                                                                                                              69
6 MD&A Financial and capital management


6          Financial and capital management

This section tells you how we manage our cash and capital resources to carry out our strategy and deliver financial results. It provides an analysis of our
financial condition, cash flows and liquidity on a consolidated basis.



6.1 Net debt
                                                                                                                                          2022                        2021                   $ change                 % change

Long-term debt                                                                                                                         27,783                      27,048                         735                     2.7%
Debt due within one year                                                                                                                 4,137                       2,625                      1,512                    57.6%
50% of preferred shares (1)                                                                                                              1,935                       2,002                         (67)                  (3.3%)
Cash                                                                                                                                        (99)                      (289)                       190                    65.7%
Cash equivalents                                                                                                                            (50)                         –                        (50)                        n.m.
Net debt                                                                                                                               33,706                      31,386                       2,320                     7.4%

n.m.: not meaningful
(1) 50% of outstanding preferred shares of $3,870 million and $4,003 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, are classified as debt consistent with the treatment by some credit rating agencies.


The increase of $1,512 million in debt due within one year and $735 million in long-                                The decrease in cash of $190 million and the increase in cash equivalents of
term debt was due to:                                                                                               $50 million was mainly due to:
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series M-57 MTN debentures with a total                                            • $5,133 million of capital expenditures
  principal amount of $1 billion in Canadian dollars                                                                • $3,312 million of dividends paid on BCE common shares
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series US-7 Notes, with a total principal amount                                   • $2,023 million of repayment of long-term debt
  of $750 million in U.S. dollars ($954 million in Canadian dollars)
                                                                                                                    • $429 million paid, net of cash acquired, mainly for the acquisition of Distributel and
• an increase in our securitized receivables of $700 million                                                          EBOX and other related companies
• an increase of $482 million mainly due to foreign exchange fluctuations on                                        • $255 million paid for the purchase on the open market of BCE common shares for
  hedged U.S. debt and net issuances of other debt                                                                    the settlement of share-based payments
• an increase in our notes payable (net of repayments) of $111 million                                              • $136 million of dividends paid on BCE preferred shares
Partly offset by:                                                                                                   • $125 million paid for the repurchase of BCE preferred shares
• the early redemption of Series M-26 MTN debentures with a total principal                                         Partly offset by:
  amount of $1 billion in Canadian dollars
                                                                                                                    • $8,365 million of cash flows from operating activities
                                                                                                                    • $1,951 million of issuance of long-term debt
                                                                                                                    • $700 million increase in securitized receivables
                                                                                                                    • $171 million from the issuance of common shares under our employee stock
                                                                                                                      option plan
                                                                                                                    • $111 million increase in notes payable

70     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
6 MD&A Financial and capital management



6.2 Outstanding share data
                                                                      Number                                                                                            Weighted average
Common shares outstanding                                            of shares   Stock options outstanding                                         Number of options    exercise price ($)

Outstanding, January 1, 2022                                      909,018,871    Outstanding, January 1, 2022                                            10,778,724                   60
Shares issued under deferred share plan                                11,003    Exercised (1)                                                            (2,952,992)                 58
Shares issued under employee stock option plan                      2,952,992    Forfeited or expired                                                        (23,624)                 65
Outstanding, December 31, 2022                                    911,982,866    Outstanding, December 31, 2022                                            7,802,108                  61
                                                                                 Exercisable, December 31, 2022                                            4,539,188                  58

                                                                                 (1) The weighted average market share price for options exercised in 2022 was $69.


                                                                                 At March 2, 2023, 912,159,109 common shares and 7,625,865 stock options were
                                                                                 outstanding.




6.3 Cash flows
                                                                                                      2022                       2021                   $ change               % change

Cash flows from operating activities                                                                 8,365                      8,008                        357                   4.5%
Capital expenditures                                                                                (5,133)                    (4,852)                      (281)                 (5.8%)
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                               (136)                      (125)                        (11)                (8.8%)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest                                         (39)                       (86)                        47                 54.7%
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                        10                         35                         (25)               (71.4%)
Free cash flow                                                                                       3,067                      2,980                          87                  2.9%
Business acquisitions                                                                                 (429)                        (12)                     (417)                   n.m.
Business dispositions                                                                                   52                           –                         52                   n.m.
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                        (10)                       (35)                        25                 71.4%
Spectrum licences                                                                                        (3)                   (2,082)                     2,079                  99.9%
Other investing activities                                                                               (4)                       (72)                        68                 94.4%
Increase in notes payable                                                                               111                       351                       (240)                (68.4%)
Increase (decrease) in securitized receivables                                                         700                       (150)                       850                    n.m.
Issue of long-term debt                                                                              1,951                      4,985                     (3,034)                (60.9%)
Repayment of long-term debt                                                                         (2,023)                    (2,751)                       728                  26.5%
Issue of common shares                                                                                 171                        261                         (90)               (34.5%)
Purchase of shares for settlement of share-based payments                                             (255)                      (297)                         42                 14.1%
Repurchase of preferred shares                                                                        (125)                         –                       (125)                   n.m.
Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                                (3,312)                    (3,132)                      (180)                 (5.7%)
Other financing activities                                                                              (31)                       19                         (50)                  n.m.
Net (decrease) increase in cash                                                                       (190)                        65                       (255)                   n.m.
Net increase in cash equivalents                                                                        50                           –                         50                   n.m.

n.m.: not meaningful




Cash flows from operating activities and free cash flow
In 2022, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities increased by $357 million,   Free cash flow increased by $87 million in 2022, compared to 2021, mainly due to
compared to 2021, mainly due to higher adjusted EBITDA, lower income taxes       higher cash flows from operating activities, excluding cash from acquisition and
paid, lower contributions to post-employment benefit plans due to a partial      other costs paid, partly offset by higher capital expenditures.
contribution holiday in 2022, and lower severance and other costs paid, partly
offset by lower cash from working capital and higher interest paid.


                                                                                                                                                                                        71
6 MD&A Financial and capital management


Capital expenditures
                                                                                                           2022                 2021             $ change            % change

Bell Wireless                                                                                             1,084                1,120                  36                 3.2%
     Capital intensity (1)                                                                               11.3%                12.4%                                   1.1 pts
Bell Wireline                                                                                             3,887                3,612                (275)               (7.6%)
     Capital intensity                                                                                   32.0%                29.7%                                  (2.3) pts
Bell Media                                                                                                 162                  120                  (42)              (35.0%)
    Capital intensity                                                                                     5.0%                 4.0%                                  (1.0) pts
BCE                                                                                                       5,133                4,852                (281)               (5.8%)
     Capital intensity                                                                                   21.2%                20.7%                                  (0.5) pts

(1) Capital intensity is defined as capital expenditures divided by operating revenues.


BCE capital expenditures of $5,133 million in 2022 increased by 5.8% or                   • Higher year-over-year capital spending in our wireline segment of $275 million in
$281 million, compared to last year, for a capital intensity ratio of 21.2%, up 0.5 pts     2022, primarily due to the continued accelerated rollout of our FTTP network to
over 2021. The variance reflected the following:                                            more homes and businesses, partly offset by lower year-over-year investment in
• Lower capital spending in our wireless segment of $36 million in 2022, compared           the buildout of our WTTP network, which was essentially completed at the end of
  to last year, mainly due to slower pace of spending, as we continued to execute           last year
  on the deployment of our mobile 5G network, which reached 82% of the                    • Higher capital expenditures at Bell Media of $42 million in 2022, compared to last
  Canadian population by the end of the year                                                year, mainly due to greater investments in new generation media content editing
                                                                                            infrastructure and to support the expansion of the distribution of our OTT services



Business acquisitions
On December 1, 2022, Bell acquired Distributel, a national independent                    In February 2022, Bell acquired EBOX and other related companies, which provide
communications provider offering a wide range of consumer, business and                   Internet, telephone and TV services to consumers and businesses in Québec and
wholesale communications services, for cash consideration of $303 million                 parts of Ontario, for cash consideration of $153 million ($139 million net of cash
($282 million net of cash acquired) and $39 million of estimated additional cash          acquired).
consideration contingent on the achievement of certain performance objectives.


Business dispositions
On March 1, 2022, we completed the previously announced sale of our wholly-               substantial completion of the construction of the production studios and subject to
owned subsidiary, Createch. We recorded cash proceeds of $54 million.                     customary closing conditions. As at December 31, 2022, construction of the
                                                                                          production studios was ongoing and there remain significant construction activities
In December 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell our 63% ownership in               which must be completed. We estimate we will receive cash proceeds of
certain production studios and production studios currently under construction,           approximately $220 million from the sale transaction, which amount may vary
which are included in our Bell Media segment. The transaction is expected to close        primarily based on the actual cost incurred to complete the construction of the
in the first half of 2023 once we achieve                                                 production studios.



Spectrum licences
On December 17, 2021, Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility) acquired 271 licences in a number of urban and rural markets for 678 million MHz-Pop of 3500 MHz spectrum for
$2.07 billion.
72      BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
6 MD&A Financial and capital management


Debt instruments
We use a combination of short-term and long-term debt to finance our operations. Our short-term debt consists mostly of notes payable under commercial paper programs,
loans securitized by trade receivables and wireless device financing plan receivables, and bank facilities. We usually pay fixed rates of interest on our long-term debt and
floating rates on our short-term debt. As at December 31, 2022, all of our debt was denominated in Canadian dollars with the exception of our commercial paper, and Series
US-1, US-2, US-3, US-4, US-5, US-6 and US-7 Notes, which are denominated in U.S. dollars and have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations through cross currency
interest rate swaps.

2022
During 2022, we issued debt, net of repayments. This included:                          Partly offset by:

• $1,951 million issuance of long-term debt comprised of the issuance of Series         • $2,023 million repayment of long-term debt comprised of the early redemption of
  M-57 MTN debentures with a total principal amount of $1 billion in Canadian             Series M-26 MTN debentures with a total principal amount of $1 billion in Canadian
  dollars and the issuance of Series US-7 Notes, with a total principal amount of         dollars, and net payments of leases and other debt of $1,023 million
  $750 million in U.S. dollars ($954 million in Canadian dollars), partly offset by
  $3 million mainly related to discounts on our debt issuances
• $700 million increase in securitized receivables
• $111 million issuance (net of repayments) of notes payable

2021
During 2021, we issued debt, net of repayments. This included:                          Partly offset by:
• $4,985 million issuance of long-term debt comprised of the issuance of Series         • $2,751 million repayment of long-term debt comprised of the early redemption of
  US-3, Series US-4, Series US-5 and Series US-6 Notes, with total principal              Series M-40 MTN debentures with a total principal amount of $1,700 million in
  amounts of $600 million, $500 million, $600 million and $650 million in U.S.            Canadian dollars and net payments of leases and other debt of $1,051 million
  dollars, respectively ($747 million, $623 million, $755 million and $818 million in   • $150 million decrease in securitized receivables
  Canadian dollars, respectively), and the issuance of Series M-54, Series
  M-55 and Series M-56 MTN debentures, with total principal amounts of $1 billion,
  $550 million and $500 million in Canadian dollars, respectively, partly offset by
  $8 million of discounts on our debt issuances
• $351 million issuance (net of repayments) of notes payable



Issuance of common shares
The issuance of common shares in 2022 decreased by $90 million, compared to 2021, mainly due to a lower number of exercised stock options.


Repurchase of preferred shares
In Q4 2022, BCE repurchased and canceled 584,300 First Preferred Shares for a total cost of $10 million.
Subsequent to year end, BCE repurchased and canceled 1,090,400 First Preferred Shares for a total cost of $20 million.
In Q1 2022, BCE redeemed its 4,600,000 issued and outstanding Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares, Series AO for a total cost of $115 million.


Cash dividends paid on common shares
In 2022, cash dividends paid on common shares of $3,312 million increased by $180 million, compared to 2021, due to a higher dividend paid in 2022 of $3.6350 per
common share, compared to $3.4575 per common share in 2021.



6.4 Post-employment benefit plans
For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an increase in our post-              For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded an increase in our post-
employment benefit plans and a gain, before taxes, in OCI of $566 million. This         employment benefit plans and a gain, before taxes, in OCI of $2,433 million. This
was due to a higher actual discount rate of 5.3% at December 31, 2022, compared         was due to a higher-than-expected return on plan assets in 2021 and a higher actual
to 3.2% at December 31, 2021, partly offset by a loss on plan assets, experience        discount rate of 3.2% at December 31, 2021, compared to 2.6% at December 31,
losses and an increase in the effect of the asset limit.                                2020.

                                                                                                                                                                         73
6 MD&A Financial and capital management


6.5 Financial risk management
Management’s objectives are to protect BCE and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis against material economic exposures and variability of results from various financial
risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk, interest rate risk, commodity price risk, equity price risk and longevity risk. These risks are further described in
Note 2, Significant accounting policies, Note 9, Other (expense) income, Note 27, Post-employment benefit plans and Note 29, Financial and capital management in
BCE’s 2022 consolidated financial statements.
The following table outlines our financial risks, how we manage these risks and their financial statement classification.

Financial risk            Description of risk                             Management of risk and financial statement classification
Credit risk               We are exposed to credit risk from              • Large and diverse customer base
                          operating activities and certain financing
                                                                          • Deal with institutions with investment-grade credit ratings
                          activities, the maximum exposure of which
                          is represented by the carrying amounts          • Regularly monitor our credit risk and credit exposure, and consider, among other factors, the effects of rising interest rates
                          reported in the statements of financial           and inflation
                          position. We are exposed to credit risk if
                                                                          • Our trade receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts balances at December 31, 2022, which both include the current
                          counterparties to our trade receivables,
                                                                           portion of wireless device financing plan receivables, were $4,102 million and $129 million, respectively
                          including wireless device financing plan
                          receivables, and derivative instruments are     • Our non-current wireless device financing plan receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts balances at
                          unable to meet their obligations.                December 31, 2022 were $386 million and $15 million, respectively
                                                                          • Our contract assets balance at December 31, 2022 was $724 million, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts balance of
                                                                           $19 million

Liquidity risk            We are exposed to liquidity risk for            • Our cash and cash equivalents, cash from operating activities, possible capital markets financing, amounts available under
                          financial liabilities.                           our securitized receivables program and committed bank facilities are expected to be sufficient to fund our operations and
                                                                           fulfill our obligations as they become due
                                                                          • Refer to section 6.7, Liquidity – Contractual obligations, for a maturity analysis of our recognized financial liabilities

Foreign                   We are exposed to foreign currency              • At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts and options maturing from 2023 to 2024 of
currency risk             risk related to anticipated purchases            $3.5 billion in U.S. dollars ($4.5 billion in Canadian dollars) and ₱2.1 billion in Philippine pesos ($50 million in Canadian
                          and certain foreign currency debt.               dollars), to manage foreign currency risk related to anticipated purchases and certain foreign currency debt
                          A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the         • For cash flow hedges relating to anticipated purchases denominated in foreign currencies, changes in the fair value are
                          value of the Canadian dollar relative to the       recognized in our statements of comprehensive income, except for any ineffective portion, which is recognized in Other
                          U.S. dollar would result in a loss of              (expense) income in the income statements. Realized gains and losses in Accumulated OCI are reclassified to the
                          $10 million (loss of $17 million) recognized       income statements or to the initial cost of the non-financial asset in the same periods as the corresponding hedged
                          in net earnings at December 31, 2022 and           transactions are recognized.
                          a gain of $114 million (loss of $105 million)
                                                                           • For cash flow hedges relating to our U.S. dollar debt under our commercial paper program, securitization of receivables
                          recognized in OCI at December 31, 2022,
                                                                             and committed credit facilities, changes in the fair value are recognized in Other (expense) income in the income
                          with all other variables held constant.
                                                                             statements and offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt, except for any portion of the
                          A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the           hedging relationship which is ineffective
                          value of the Canadian dollar relative to the
                                                                         • For economic hedges, changes in the fair value are recognized in Other (expense) income in the income statements
                          Philippine peso would result in a gain (loss)
                          of $4 million recognized in OCI at            • At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding cross currency interest rate swaps with notional amounts of $4,250 million in
                          December 31, 2022, with all other              U.S. dollars ($5,465 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our U.S. Notes maturing from 2032
                          variables held constant.                       to 2052
                          Refer to the following Fair value section for    • For these cross currency interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our
                          details on our derivative financial                statements of comprehensive income, except for amounts recorded in Other (expense) income in the income statements
                          instruments.                                       to offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt and any portion of the hedging relationship which
                                                                             is ineffective

74    BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
6 MD&A Financial and capital management

Financial risk         Description of risk                              Management of risk and financial statement classification
Interest rate risk     We are exposed to risk on the interest           • We use interest rate swaps, cross currency basis rate swaps, cross currency interest rate swaps, forward starting interest
                       rates of our debt, our post-employment             rate swaps and interest rate swaptions to hedge interest rate exposure on existing and/or future debt issuances. We also
                       benefit plans and on dividend rate resets          use leveraged interest rate options to economically hedge dividend rate resets on preferred shares.
                       on our preferred shares.
                                                                        • At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $500 million which will mature
                       A 1% increase (decrease) in interest rates        in 2027 and have been designated to hedge the fair value of our Series M-53 MTN debentures
                       would result in a loss of $24 million (gain of
                                                                        • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other
                       $23 million) recognized in net earnings at
                                                                          (expense) income in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging
                       December 31, 2022, with all other
                                                                          relationship
                       variables held constant.
                                                                        • At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding cross currency basis rate swaps maturing in 2023 with a notional amount of
                       A 0.1% increase (decrease) in cross
                                                                         $638 million to hedge economically the basis rate exposure on future debt issuances
                       currency basis swap rates would result in a
                       gain (loss) of $9 million recognized in net      • For these cross currency basis rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in the income
                       earnings at December 31, 2022, with all            statements in Other (expense) income
                       other variables held constant.
                                                                        • At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $600 million in
                       Refer to the following Fair value section for     U.S. dollars ($748 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the interest exposure of our U.S. Notes maturing in 2024
                       details on our derivative financial
                                                                        • For these cross currency interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are
                       instruments.
                                                                          recognized in Other (expense) income in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion
                                                                          of the hedging relationship
                                                                        • At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding leveraged interest rate options with a fair value liability of $1 million to hedge
                                                                         economically the dividend rate resets on $582 million of our preferred shares which had varying reset dates in 2021 for the
                                                                         periods ending in 2026
                                                                        • For leveraged interest rate options, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in the income statements
                                                                          in Other (expense) income
                                                                        • For our post-employment benefit plans, the interest rate risk is managed using a liability matching approach, which reduces
                                                                         the exposure of the DB plans to a mismatch between investment growth and obligation growth

Equity price risk      We are exposed to risk on our cash flow          • At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding equity forward contracts with a fair value net liability of $48 million on BCE’s
                       related to the settlement of equity settled       common shares to economically hedge the cash flow exposure related to the settlement of equity settled share-based
                       share-based payment plans.                        compensation plans
                       A 5% increase (decrease) in the market           • Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in the income statements in Other (expense) income for
                       price of BCE’s common shares would                 derivatives used to hedge equity settled share-based payment plans
                       result in a gain (loss) of $33 million
                       recognized in net earnings at
                       December 31, 2022, with all other
                       variables held constant.
                       Refer to the following Fair value section for
                       details on our derivative financial
                       instruments.

Commodity              We are exposed to risk on the purchase           • At December 31, 2022, there are no fuel swaps outstanding
price risk             cost of fuel.
                                                                        • Changes in the fair value are recorded in the income statements in Other (expense) income
                       Refer to the following Fair value section for
                       details on our derivative financial
                       instruments.

Longevity risk         We are exposed to life expectancy risk           • The Bell Canada pension plan has an investment arrangement which hedges part of its exposure to potential increases in
                       on our post-employment benefit plans.              longevity, which covers approximately $4 billion of post-employment benefit obligations

                                                                                                                                                                                                      75
6 MD&A Financial and capital management


Fair value
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a                               The carrying values of our cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables,
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement                                  dividends payable, trade payables and accruals, compensation payable, interest
date.                                                                                                               payable, notes payable and loans secured by receivables approximate fair value as
                                                                                                                    they are short-term. The carrying value of wireless device financing plan receivables
Certain fair value estimates are affected by assumptions we make about the                                          approximates fair value given that their average remaining duration is short and the
amount and timing of future cash flows and discount rates, all of which reflect                                     carrying value is reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts and an allowance
varying degrees of risk. Income taxes and other expenses that may be incurred on                                    for revenue adjustments.
disposition of financial instruments are not reflected in the fair values. As a result,
the fair values may not be the net amounts that would be realized if these
instruments were settled.

The following table provides the fair value details of other financial instruments measured at amortized cost in the statements of financial position.
                                                                                                                                                               December 31, 2022                         December 31, 2021
                                                                                                                                                           Carrying                    Fair         Carrying                   Fair
                                     Classification                         Fair value methodology                                                            value                   value            value                  value

Debt securities                      Debt due within one year and           Quoted market price of debt                                                      25,061               23,026             23,729                 26,354
and other debt                       long-term debt


The following table provides the fair value details of financial instruments measured at fair value in the statements of financial position.
                                                                                                                                                                         Fair value
                                                                                                                                                           Quoted prices in
                                                                                                                                                          active markets for              Observable            Non-observable
                                                                                                                                Carrying value of           identical assets              market data            market inputs
                                                        Classification                                                            asset (liability)                 (level 1)                (level 2) (1)             (level 3) (2)
December 31, 2022

Publicly-traded and privately-held
investments (3)                                         Other non-current assets                                                              215                           9                        –                       206
Derivative financial instruments                        Other current assets, trade payables and other
                                                        liabilities, other non-current assets and liabilities                                  72                           –                       72                          –
MLSE financial liability (4)                            Trade payables and other liabilities                                                 (149)                          –                        –                       (149)
Other                                                   Other non-current assets and liabilities                                              108                           –                     184                         (76)

December 31, 2021
Publicly-traded and privately-held
investments (3)                                         Other non-current assets                                                              183                         24                         –                       159
Derivative financial instruments                        Other current assets, trade payables and other
                                                        liabilities, other non-current assets and liabilities                                 279                           –                     279                           –
MLSE financial liability (4)                            Trade payables and other liabilities                                                 (149)                          –                       –                        (149)
Other                                                   Other non-current assets and liabilities                                              122                           –                     185                         (63)

(1) Observable market data such as equity prices, interest rates, swap rate curves and foreign currency exchange rates.
(2) Non-observable market inputs such as discounted cash flows and earnings multiples. A reasonable change in our assumptions would not result in a significant increase (decrease) to our level 3 financial instruments.
(3) Unrealized gains and losses are recorded in OCI in the statements of comprehensive income and are reclassified from Accumulated OCI to the deficit in the statements of financial position when realized.
(4) Represents BCE’s obligation to repurchase the Master Trust Fund’s 9% interest in MLSE at a price not less than an agreed minimum price, should the Master Trust Fund exercise its put option. The obligation to repurchase is
    marked to market each reporting period and the gain or loss is recognized in Other (expense) income in the income statements. Subsequent to year end, BCE repurchased the Master Trust Fund’s interest for a cash
    consideration of $149 million.


76      BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
6 MD&A Financial and capital management



6.6 Credit ratings
Credit ratings generally address the ability of a company to repay principal and pay                                  available partly depend on our assigned credit ratings at the time capital is raised.
interest on debt or dividends on issued and outstanding preferred shares.                                             Investment grade credit ratings usually mean that when we borrow money, we
                                                                                                                      qualify for lower interest rates than companies that have ratings lower than
Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity and                                 investment grade. A ratings downgrade could result in adverse consequences for our
debt capital markets as well as the bank credit market. Our ability to access such                                    funding capacity or ability to access the capital markets.
markets and the cost and amount of funding

The following table provides BCE’s and Bell Canada’s credit ratings, which are considered investment grade, as at March 2, 2023 from DBRS, Moody’s and S&P.


Key credit ratings
                                                                                                                                                                                  Bell Canada (1)
March 2, 2023                                                                                                                                               DBRS                   Moody’s                                       S&P

Commercial paper                                                                                                                                       R-2 (high)                       P-2          A-1 (Low) (Canadian scale)
                                                                                                                                                                                                              A-2 (Global scale)
Long-term debt                                                                                                                                        BBB (high)                      Baa1                                    BBB+
Subordinated long-term debt                                                                                                                            BBB (low)                      Baa2                                      BBB

                                                                                                                                                                                      BCE (1)

                                                                                                                                                            DBRS                   Moody’s                                       S&P

Preferred shares                                                                                                                                            Pfd-3                         –          P-2 (Low) (Canadian scale)
                                                                                                                                                                                                              BBB- (Global scale)

(1) These credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of the securities referred to, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the rating
    agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor. Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.


As of March 2, 2023, BCE’s and Bell Canada’s credit ratings have stable outlooks from DBRS, Moody’s and S&P.



6.7 Liquidity
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to the expectation that our available liquidity will, in 2023, be sufficient to meet our cash requirements,
our planned capital expenditures, our expected post-employment benefit plans funding, and our annualized common share dividend. Refer to the section Caution regarding
forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.


Available liquidity
Total available liquidity at December 31, 2022 was $3.5 billion, comprised of                                         In 2023, our cash flows from operations, cash, cash equivalents, capital markets
$99 million in cash, $50 million in cash equivalents, $700 million available under                                    financings, securitized receivables program and credit facilities should give us
our securitized receivables program and $2.65 billion available under our                                             flexibility in carrying out our plans for business growth, including business
$3.5 billion committed revolving and expansion credit facilities (given $849 million                                  acquisitions, as well as for the payment of contingencies.
of commercial paper outstanding).
                                                                                                                      We continuously monitor our operations, capital markets and the Canadian economy
We expect that our available liquidity, 2023 estimated cash flows from operations                                     with the objective of maintaining adequate liquidity.
and capital markets financing will permit us to meet our cash requirements in 2023
for capital expenditures, post-employment benefit plans funding, dividend                                             Securitization program
payments, the payment of contractual obligations, maturing debt, ongoing
operations and other cash requirements.                                                                               In 2022, we entered into a new securitization program which replaced our previous
                                                                                                                      securitized trade receivables program and now includes wireless device financing
Should our 2023 cash requirements exceed our cash, cash equivalents, cash                                             plan receivables. As a result, the maximum amount available under our
generated from our operations, and funds raised under capital markets financings                                      securitization program increased from $1.3 billion at December 31, 2021 to
and our securitized receivables program, we would expect to cover such a shortfall                                    $2.3 billion at December 31, 2022.
by drawing under committed credit facilities that are currently in place or through
new facilities to the extent available.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     77
6 MD&A Financial and capital management

Similar to the previous program, the securitization program is recorded as a                                             The lenders have no further claim on our other assets if customers do not pay the
floating rate revolving loan secured by certain receivables. We continue to service                                      amounts owed.
trade receivables and wireless device financing plan receivables under the
securitization program, which matures in July 2025 unless previously terminated.                                         As of December 31, 2022, the balance of loans secured by receivables was
The lenders’ interest in the collection of these receivables ranks ahead of our                                          $1.2 billion in U.S. dollars ($1.6 billion in Canadian dollars) and the total receivable
interests, which means that we are exposed to certain risks of default on the                                            balance collateralized under the program was $3.4 billion. The foreign currency risk
amounts securitized.                                                                                                     on these loans is managed using foreign currency forward contracts. See section
                                                                                                                         6.5, Financial risk management in this MD&A for additional details.
We have provided various credit enhancements in the form of overcollateralization
and subordination of our retained interests.

Credit facilities
The table below is a summary of our total bank credit facilities at December 31, 2022.
                                                                                                                              Total                                             Letters       Commercial paper                         Net
December 31, 2022                                                                                                         available                    Drawn                   of credit          outstanding                    available

Committed credit facilities
     Unsecured revolving and expansion credit facilities (1) (2)                                                             3,500                          –                          –                      849                   2,651
     Unsecured non-revolving credit facilities (3)                                                                             647                          –                          –                         –                     647
     Other                                                                                                                     106                          –                        96                          –                      10

Total committed credit facilities                                                                                            4,253                          –                        96                       849                   3,308

Total non-committed credit facilities                                                                                        1,939                          –                       808                          –                  1,131

Total committed and non-committed credit facilities                                                                          6,192                          –                       904                       849                   4,439

(1) Bell Canada’s $2.5 billion committed revolving credit facility expires in August 2027 and its $1 billion committed expansion credit facility expires in August 2025. In 2022, Bell Canada converted its committed credit facilities into a
    sustainability-linked loan. The amendment introduces a borrowing cost that varies based on Bell’s performance of certain sustainability performance targets.
(2) As of December 31, 2022, Bell Canada’s outstanding commercial paper included $627 million in U.S. dollars ($849 million in Canadian dollars). All of Bell Canada’s commercial paper outstanding is included in Debt due within
    one year
(3) In 2022, Bell Canada entered into two 30-year senior unsecured non-revolving credit facilities in the aggregate principal amount of up to $647 million to partly fund the expansion of its broadband networks as part of government
    subsidy programs.



Bell Canada may issue notes under its Canadian and U.S. commercial paper                                                 Some of our credit agreements require us to meet specific financial ratios and to
programs up to the maximum aggregate principal amount of $3 billion in either                                            offer to repay and cancel the credit agreement upon a change of control of BCE or
Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no time shall such maximum amount of                                          Bell Canada. In addition, some of our debt agreements require us to make an offer
notes exceed $3.5 billion in Canadian currency, which equals the aggregate                                               to repurchase certain series of debt securities upon the occurrence of a change of
amount available under Bell Canada’s committed supporting revolving and                                                  control event as defined in the relevant debt agreements. We are in compliance with
expansion credit facilities as at December 31, 2022. The total amount of the net                                         all conditions and restrictions under such agreements.
available committed revolving and expansion credit facilities may be drawn at any
time.


Cash requirements
Capital expenditures                                                                                                     We expect to contribute approximately $50 million to our DB pension plans in 2023,
                                                                                                                         subject to actuarial valuations being completed in mid-2023. We expect to contribute
In 2023, our planned capital spending will be focused on our strategic imperatives,                                      approximately $10 million to the DC pension plans and to pay approximately
reflecting an appropriate level of investment in our networks and services,                                              $75 million to beneficiaries under OPEB plans in 2023.
including our historic accelerated capital expenditure program for the rollout of
Bell’s wireline fibre and wireless 5G networks.
                                                                                                                         Dividend payments
Post-employment benefit plans funding                                                                                    In 2023, the cash dividends to be paid on BCE’s common shares are expected to be
                                                                                                                         higher than in 2022 as BCE’s annual common share dividend increased by 5.2% to
Our post-employment benefit plans include DB pension and DC pension plans, as                                            $3.87 per common share from $3.68 per common share effective with the dividend
well as other post-employment benefits (OPEBs) plans. The funding requirements                                           payable on April 17, 2023. The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of
of our post-employment benefit plans, resulting from valuations of our plan assets                                       the BCE Board.
and liabilities, depend on a number of factors, including actual returns on post-
employment benefit plan assets, long-term interest rates, plan demographics, and
applicable regulations and actuarial standards. Actuarial valuations were last
performed for our significant post-employment benefit plans as at December 31,
2021.

78     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
6 MD&A Financial and capital management

Contractual obligations
The following table is a summary of our contractual obligations at December 31, 2022 that are due in each of the next five years and thereafter.

At December 31, 2022                                                                           2023                2024                 2025                2026                 2027          Thereafter                 Total

Recognized financial liabilities
    Long-term debt                                                                              750               2,103                2,174               1,582               1,724              16,863               25,196
    Notes payable                                                                               869                    –                    –                   –                   –                    –                 869
    Lease liabilities (1)                                                                     1,111                 923                  561                 515                 320                1,932               5,362
    Loan secured by receivables                                                              1,588                     –                    –                   –                   –                    –              1,588
    Interest payable on long-term debt, notes payable and loan
        secured by receivables                                                               1,100                  931                  877                 825                 787                9,833              14,353
    Net payments (receipts) on cross currency interest rate swaps                                36                  (45)                   5                   4                   4                (141)                (137)
    MLSE financial liability (2)                                                                149                    –                    –                   –                   –                    –                 149
Commitments (off-balance sheet)
    Commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible
      assets                                                                                 2,015                1,392                1,052                 516                 216                  949               6,140
    Purchase obligations                                                                        602                 458                  443                 560                 276                  955               3,294
    Leases committed not yet commenced                                                           14                  21                   16                  16                   17                  96                  180

Total                                                                                        8,234                5,783                5,128               4,018               3,344              30,487               56,994

(1) Includes imputed interest of $960 million.
(2) Represents BCE’s obligation to repurchase the Master Trust Fund’s 9% interest in MLSE at a price not less than an agreed minimum price, should the Master Trust Fund exercise its put option. The obligation to repurchase is
    marked to market each reporting period and the gain or loss is recognized in Other (expense) income in the income statements. Subsequent to year end, BCE repurchased the Master Trust Fund’s interest for a cash
    consideration of $149 million.


Our commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets include                                   Indemnifications and guarantees
program and feature film rights and investments to expand and update our
networks to meet customer demand.                                                                                 (off-balance sheet)
                                                                                                                  As a regular part of our business, we enter into agreements that provide for
Purchase obligations consist of contractual obligations under service and product
                                                                                                                  indemnifications and guarantees to counterparties in transactions involving business
contracts for operating expenditures and other purchase obligations.
                                                                                                                  dispositions, sales of assets, sales of services, purchases and development of
Our commitments for leases not yet commenced include real estate, OOH                                             assets, securitization agreements and leases. While some of the agreements specify
advertising spaces and fibre use. These leases are non-cancellable.                                               a maximum potential exposure, many do not specify a maximum amount or
                                                                                                                  termination date.
                                                                                                                  We cannot reasonably estimate the maximum potential amount we could be required
                                                                                                                  to pay counterparties because of the nature of almost all of these indemnifications
                                                                                                                  and guarantees. As a result, we cannot determine how they could affect our future
                                                                                                                  liquidity, capital resources or credit risk profile. We have not made any significant
                                                                                                                  payments under indemnifications or guarantees in the past.



6.8 Litigation
In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal                                management believes that the ultimate resolution of these claims and legal
proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. In particular, because of                                  proceedings is unlikely to have a material and negative effect on our financial
the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are exposed to class actions                                       statements or operations. We believe that we have strong defences and we intend to
pursuant to which substantial monetary damages may be claimed. Due to the                                         vigorously defend our positions.
inherent risks and uncertainties of the litigation process, we cannot predict the final
outcome or timing of claims and legal proceedings. Subject to the foregoing, and                                  For a description of important legal proceedings pending at March 2, 2023, please
based on information currently available and management’s assessment of the                                       see the section entitled Legal proceedings contained in the BCE 2022 AIF.
merits of the claims and legal proceedings pending at March 2, 2023,


                                                                                                                                                                                                                              79
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information


7        Selected annual and quarterly information

7.1 Annual financial information
The following table shows selected consolidated financial data of BCE for 2022,     In 2022, the unfavourable effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial and
2021 and 2020 based on the annual consolidated financial statements, which are      operating performance continued to moderate due to our operational execution and
prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the International Accounting          the lifting of most of the government restrictions during the year.
Standards Board (IASB). We discuss the factors that caused our results to vary
over the past two years throughout this MD&A.                                       On June 1, 2020, BCE announced that it had entered into an agreement to sell
                                                                                    substantially all of its data centre operations in an all-cash transaction valued at
The emergency measures put in place in Canada starting in March 2020 to combat      $1.04 billion. We presented amounts related to the sale as discontinued operations
the COVID-19 pandemic significantly disrupted retail and commercial activities      in our consolidated income statements and consolidated statements of cash flows.
across most sectors of the economy and had an adverse and pervasive impact on       Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets that were sold were no longer
our financial and operating performance throughout most of 2020. Consequently,      depreciated or amortized effective June 1, 2020. In Q4 2020, we completed the sale
this unfavourably affected all three of our segments, with a more pronounced        for proceeds of $933 million (net of debt and other items) and recorded a gain on
impact on our Bell Wireless and Bell Media segments.                                sale, net of taxes, of $211 million. The capital gain as a result of the sale was mainly
                                                                                    offset by the recognition of previously unrecognized capital loss carry forwards.
Our financial and operating performance saw a steady improvement in 2021
despite the continued adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic experienced          In 2020, we recognized $452 million of impairment charges for our English and
throughout the year, due to our strong operational execution and the easing of      French TV services as well as various radio markets within our Bell Media segment.
government restrictions in the second half of the year. It had been almost two      These charges included $291 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for
years since the pandemic started affecting our performance and BCE had since        broadcast licences, $146 million allocated to finite-life intangible assets, mainly for
adapted many aspects of its business to better operate in this environment.         program and feature film rights, and $15 million to property, plant and equipment for
Additionally, compared to 2020, the effects of the pandemic on our year-over-year   network and infrastructure and equipment.
performance were considerably reduced, with Q2 2020 being the quarter most
significantly affected by the pandemic. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic,
although moderated, continued to unfavourably affect Bell Wireless product and
roaming revenues, Bell Media advertising revenues, as well as Bell Wireline
business market equipment revenues, due to reduced commercial activity as a
result of the government restrictions put in place to combat the pandemic,
particularly in the first half of 2021, and the global supply chain challenges
experienced in the second half of 2021.

80   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information

                                                                     2022       2021       2020

Consolidated income statements
Operating revenues
   Service                                                        20,956     20,350     19,832
   Product                                                         3,218      3,099      3,051

Total operating revenues                                          24,174     23,449     22,883
Operating costs                                                   (13,975)   (13,556)   (13,276)

Adjusted EBITDA                                                   10,199      9,893      9,607
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                (94)     (209)       (116)
Depreciation                                                       (3,660)    (3,627)    (3,475)
Amortization                                                       (1,063)     (982)      (929)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                (1,146)    (1,082)    (1,110)
   Net return (interest) on post-employment benefit obligations       51         (20)       (46)
Impairment of assets                                                (279)      (197)      (472)
Other (expense) income                                               (115)      160       (194)
Income taxes                                                        (967)     (1,044)     (792)

Net earnings from continuing operations                            2,926      2,892      2,473
Net earnings from discontinued operations                               –          –       226

Net earnings                                                       2,926      2,892      2,699

Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to:
   Common shareholders                                             2,716      2,709      2,272
   Preferred shareholders                                            152        131        136
   Non-controlling interest                                           58         52         65

Net earnings from continuing operations                            2,926      2,892      2,473

Net earnings attributable to:
   Common shareholders                                             2,716      2,709      2,498
   Preferred shareholders                                            152        131        136
   Non-controlling interest                                           58         52         65

Net earnings                                                       2,926      2,892      2,699

Net earnings per common share – basic and diluted
   Continuing operations                                             2.98       2.99       2.51
   Discontinued operations                                              –          –       0.25

Net earnings per common share – basic and diluted                    2.98       2.99       2.76

Ratios
Adjusted EBITDA margin (%)                                         42.2%      42.2%      42.0%


                                                                                              81
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information

                                                                                                                                      2022      2021      2020

Consolidated statements of financial position
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                       29,256    28,235    27,513
Total assets                                                                                                                        69,329    66,764    60,665
Debt due within one year (including notes payable and loans secured by receivables)                                                  4,137     2,625     2,417
Long-term debt                                                                                                                      27,783    27,048    23,906
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                                       35,345    34,710    31,065
Equity attributable to BCE shareholders                                                                                             22,178    22,635    20,989
Total equity                                                                                                                        22,515    22,941    21,329

Consolidated statements of cash flows
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                 8,365     8,008     7,754
Cash flows used in investing activities                                                                                             (5,517)   (7,018)   (3,540)
     Capital expenditures                                                                                                           (5,133)   (4,852)   (4,202)
     Business acquisitions                                                                                                            (429)      (12)      (65)
     Business dispositions                                                                                                             52          –         –
     Spectrum licences                                                                                                                  (3)   (2,082)      (86)
     Cash from discontinued operations                                                                                                   –         –      892
Cash flows used in financing activities                                                                                             (2,988)     (925)   (4,135)
     Issue of common shares                                                                                                           171       261        26
     Increase (decrease) in notes payable                                                                                             111       351     (1,641)
     Increase (decrease) in securitized receivables                                                                                   700       (150)        –
     Issue of long-term debt                                                                                                         1,951     4,985     6,006
     Repayment of long-term debt                                                                                                    (2,023)   (2,751)   (5,003)
     Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                                                           (3,312)   (3,132)   (2,975)
     Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                          (136)     (125)     (132)
     Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest                                                                   (39)      (86)      (53)
Free cash flow                                                                                                                       3,067     2,980     3,348

Share information
Weighted average number of common shares (millions)                                                                                  911.5     906.3     904.3
Common shares outstanding at end of year (millions)                                                                                  912.0     909.0     904.4
Market capitalization (1)                                                                                                           54,255    59,821    49,226
Dividends declared per common share (dollars)                                                                                         3.68      3.50      3.33
Dividends declared on common shares                                                                                                 (3,356)   (3,175)   (3,011)
Dividends declared on preferred shares                                                                                                (152)     (131)     (136)
Closing market price per common share (dollars)                                                                                      59.49     65.81     54.43
Total shareholder return                                                                                                            (4.2%)    27.9%     (4.1%)

Ratios
Capital intensity (%)                                                                                                               21.2%     20.7%     18.4%
Price to earnings ratio (times) (2)                                                                                                  19.96     22.01     19.72

Other data
Number of employees (thousands)                                                                                                        45        50        51

(1) BCE’s common share price at the end of the year multiplied by the number of common shares outstanding at the end of the year.
(2) Price to earnings ratio is defined as BCE’s common share price at the end of the year divided by EPS.

82     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information



7.2 Quarterly financial information
The following table shows selected BCE consolidated financial data by quarter for 2022 and 2021. This quarterly information is unaudited but has been prepared on the
same basis as the annual consolidated financial statements. We discuss the factors that caused our results to vary over the past eight quarters throughout this MD&A. Refer
to section 7.1, Annual Financial Information in this MD&A for a description of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial results during 2022 and 2021.

                                                                                                 2022                                               2021

                                                                                   Q4          Q3          Q2                Q1         Q4        Q3               Q2          Q1

Operating revenues
   Service                                                                       5,353       5,193       5,233             5,177     5,243     5,099             5,040       4,968
   Product                                                                       1,086        831         628               673        966       737              658         738

Total operating revenues                                                         6,439       6,024       5,861             5,850     6,209     5,836             5,698      5,706
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                  2,437       2,588       2,590             2,584     2,430     2,558             2,476      2,429
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                             (19)        (22)        (40)              (13)       (63)      (50)              (7)        (89)
Depreciation                                                                      (922)       (914)       (933)            (891)      (925)     (902)            (905)       (895)
Amortization                                                                      (270)       (267)       (266)            (260)      (251)     (245)            (248)       (238)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                               (319)       (298)       (269)             (260)     (275)     (272)             (268)       (267)
   Net return (interest) on post-employment benefit plans                          13          13            7               18          (5)       (5)              (5)         (5)
Impairment of assets                                                              (150)        (21)       (106)               (2)       (30)        –             (164)         (3)
Other income (expense)                                                             19         (130)        (97)              93         26        35               91            8
Income taxes                                                                      (222)       (178)       (232)            (335)      (249)     (306)            (236)       (253)

Net earnings                                                                      567         771         654               934        658       813              734         687

Net earnings attributable to common shareholders                                  528         715         596               877        625       757              685         642

Net earnings per common share – basic and diluted                                 0.58        0.78        0.66              0.96       0.69     0.83              0.76        0.71

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding – basic (millions)          912.0       911.9       911.9             910.1     908.8     906.9             905.0      904.5

Other information
Cash flows from operating activities                                             2,056       1,996       2,597             1,716     1,743     1,774             2,499       1,992
Free cash flow                                                                     376         642       1,333               716        229       566            1,245         940
Capital expenditures                                                            (1,638)     (1,317)     (1,219)             (959)    (1,466)   (1,164)          (1,210)     (1,012)




Fourth quarter highlights
Operating revenues                                                                                           Q4 2022                Q4 2021        $ change               % change

Bell Wireless                                                                                                     2,666              2,475               191                 7.7%
Bell Wireline                                                                                                     3,094              3,079                 15                0.5%
Bell Media                                                                                                         889                 849                 40                4.7%
Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                         (210)              (194)              (16)               (8.2%)

Total BCE operating revenues                                                                                      6,439              6,209               230                 3.7%


Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                              Q4 2022                Q4 2021        $ change               % change

Bell Wireless                                                                                                      990                 951                 39                4.1%
Bell Wireline                                                                                                     1,318              1,326                 (8)              (0.6%)
Bell Media                                                                                                         129                 153               (24)              (15.7%)

Total BCE adjusted EBITDA                                                                                         2,437              2,430                 7                 0.3%

                                                                                                                                                                                 83
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information

Total operating revenues at BCE increased by 3.7% in Q4 2022, compared to               business solutions services revenue including the impact of the sale of our wholly-
Q4 2021, driven by both higher product revenues of $1,086 million, up 12.4% year        owned subsidiary Createch on March 1, 2022, a declining satellite TV subscriber
over year and higher service revenues of $5,353 million, up 2.1% year over year.        base, as well as lower sales of international wholesale long distance minutes. The
The growth in operating revenues was driven by increases across all three of our        decline in service revenue was partly mitigated by greater retail Internet and IPTV
segments. Wireless operating revenues grew by 7.7% year over year, attributable         subscriber bases, the flow-through of residential rate increases, the acquisitions of
to higher product revenues of 11.7%, as well as greater service revenues of 5.8%.       EBOX and other related companies in February 2022 and Distributel in
Bell Media operating revenues increased by 4.7% year over year, driven by greater       December 2022, as well as higher sales of maintenance contracts on data
advertising and subscriber revenues. Bell Wireline operating revenues grew by           equipment sold to business customers.
0.5% in Q4 2022, over the same period last year, due to greater product revenues
of 17.2%, moderated by lower service revenues of 0.3%.                                  Bell Wireline adjusted EBITDA declined by 0.6% in Q4 2022, compared to the
                                                                                        same period last year, from higher operating costs, partly offset by greater year-over-
BCE net earnings decreased by 13.8% in Q4 2022, compared to Q4 2021, mainly             year operating revenues. The increase in operating costs was mainly driven by
due to higher impairment of assets, higher interest expense and higher                  higher product cost of goods sold and maintenance contract costs associated with
amortization, partly offset by lower severance, acquisition and other costs, lower      the higher year-over-year revenues, along with greater storm recovery costs and
income taxes and higher net return on post-employment benefit plans.                    inflationary cost pressures primarily impacting labour and fuel costs. This was partly
                                                                                        offset by lower business solutions services costs, reduced TV programming and
BCE’s adjusted EBITDA grew by 0.3% in Q4 2022, compared to the same period              content expenses and lower payments to other carriers, driven by lower associated
last year, due to growth in Bell Wireless of 4.1%, partly offset by declines in Bell    revenues, combined with labour savings mainly reflecting workforce reductions.
Media of 15.7% and Bell Wireline of 0.6%. The year-over-year increase in adjusted       Adjusted EBITDA margin of 42.6% in Q4 2022 decreased by 0.5 points over the
EBITDA reflected higher operating revenues, partly offset by greater operating          same period in 2021, due to an increased proportion of low-margin product sales in
costs. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 37.8% in Q4 2022 decreased by 1.3 pts over             our total revenue base, greater operating costs, and the impact of lower year-over-
Q4 2021, driven by a greater proportion of low-margin product sales in our total        year service revenue flow-through.
revenue base, higher media programming costs, storm recovery costs, inflationary
cost pressures and increased wireless promotional offer intensity.                      Bell Media operating revenues increased by 4.7% in Q4 2022, compared to the
                                                                                        same period last year, due to higher advertising and subscriber revenues, including
Bell Wireless operating revenues increased by 7.7% in Q4 2022, compared to              continued year-over-year growth in digital revenues of 46%. Advertising revenues
the same period last year, due to both higher service and product revenues.             increased by 3.8% in Q4 2022, compared to the same period last year, due to
Service revenues grew by 5.8% year over year, driven by the continued growth in         greater TV advertising revenues from the broadcast of the FIFA World Cup
our mobile phone and connected device subscriber bases, and greater roaming             Qatar 2022 and higher OOH revenues due to the ongoing recovery from the effects
revenues due to increased international travel resulting from the easing of             of the COVID-19 pandemic, partly offset by lower demand by advertisers driven by
COVID-19 global travel restrictions, partly offset by subscriber mix and competitive    the current economic uncertainty. Subscriber revenues grew by 5.4% in Q4 2022,
pricing pressures. Product revenues increased by 11.7% year over year, due to           compared to the same period last year, primarily from the continued growth in Crave
higher contracted sales volumes, partly offset by greater promotional intensity.        and sports streaming direct-to-consumer subscribers.
Bell Wireless adjusted EBITDA increased by 4.1% in Q4 2022, compared to the             Bell Media adjusted EBITDA decreased by 15.7% in Q4 2022, compared to the
same period in 2021, due to greater operating revenues, moderated by higher             same period last year, as the higher operating costs more than offset the increase in
operating costs. The increase in operating costs was primarily due to higher cost of    operating revenues. The year-over-year increase in operating costs was mainly
goods sold driven by the greater product sales, increased network operating costs       driven by higher sports programming costs, primarily related to sports broadcast
related to the ongoing deployment of our mobile 5G network, greater payments to         rights for FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022, and from the return to regular sports
other carriers associated with the increase in roaming revenues and higher labour       broadcast schedules and entertainment programming content deliveries, subsequent
cost, primarily from customer service centres. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 37.1% in       to COVID-19-related delays in Q4 2021.
Q4 2022, decreased by 1.3 pts, compared to the same period last year, primarily
driven by a greater proportion of low-margin product sales in our total revenue         BCE capital expenditures of $1,638 million in Q4 2022 increased by $172 million
base, and increased promotional offer intensity, partly offset by the flow-through of   or 11.7%, compared to the same period last year. This corresponded to a capital
the service revenue growth.                                                             intensity ratio of 25.4%, up 1.8 pts over Q4 2021. The increase in capital spending
                                                                                        was driven by higher year-over-year spending in our wireline and wireless segments
Bell Wireline operating revenues grew by 0.5% in Q4 2022, compared to the               of $110 million and $35 million, respectively, mainly due to the ongoing deployment
same period last year, driven by higher product revenues of 17.2%, due to the           of our wireline FTTP and wireless 5G networks. Bell Media capital expenditures also
timing of sales to large business customers, along with an improving year-over-         increased year over year by $27 million, reflecting greater investments to support the
year impact from global supply chain challenges. This was partly offset by lower        expansion of the distribution of our OTT services.
year-over-year service revenue of 0.3% due to higher acquisition, retention and
bundle discounts on residential services, ongoing voice and legacy data erosion,
reduced

84   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information

BCE severance, acquisition and other costs of $19 million in Q4 2022                      partly offset by higher income on our equity investments due to a loss recorded in
decreased by $44 million, compared to Q4 2021, mainly due to lower severance              Q4 2021 on BCE’s share of an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority
costs related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations and lower                interest in one of BCE’s joint ventures and higher income on operations from our
acquisition and other costs.                                                              equity investments.
BCE depreciation of $922 million in Q4 2022 decreased by $3 million, year over            BCE income taxes of $222 million in Q4 2022 decreased by $27 million, compared
year, mainly due to lower accelerated depreciation of 4G network elements as we           to Q4 2021, mainly as a result of lower taxable income.
transition to 5G, partly offset by a higher asset base as we continued to invest in
our broadband and wireless networks as well as our IPTV services.                         BCE net earnings attributable to common shareholders of $528 million in
                                                                                          Q4 2022, or $0.58 per share, were lower than the $625 million, or $0.69 per share,
BCE amortization of $270 million in Q4 2022 increased by $19 million, year over           reported in Q4 2021. The year-over-year decrease was mainly due to higher
year, mainly due to a higher asset base.                                                  impairment of assets, higher interest expense and higher amortization, partly offset
                                                                                          by lower severance, acquisition and other costs, lower income taxes and higher net
BCE interest expense of $319 million in Q4 2022 increased by $44 million,                 return on post-employment benefit plans. Adjusted net earnings decreased to
compared to Q4 2021, mainly due to higher average debt balances and higher                $654 million in Q4 2022, compared to $692 million in Q4 2021, and adjusted EPS
average interest rates, partly offset by higher capitalized interest.                     decreased to $0.71 from $0.76 in Q4 2021.
BCE impairment of assets of $150 million in Q4 2022 is mainly due to impairment           BCE cash flows from operating activities was $2,056 million in Q4 2022
charges for French TV channels within our Bell Media segment as a result of a             compared to $1,743 million in Q4 2021. The increase is mainly attributed to higher
reduction in advertising demand in the industry resulting from global economic            cash from working capital due to timing of supplier payments, lower contributions to
uncertainties and unfavourable impacts to assumptions for discount rates. These           post-employment benefit plans due to a partial contribution holiday in 2022 and
charges included $94 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for           lower severance and other costs paid, partly offset by higher interest paid and higher
broadcast licences, and $53 million to finite-life intangible assets for program and      income taxes paid.
feature film rights.
                                                                                          BCE free cash flow generated in Q4 2022 was $376 million, compared to
BCE other income of $19 million in Q4 2022 decreased by $7 million, year over             $229 million in Q4 2021. The increase was mainly attributable to higher cash flows
year, mainly due to lower net mark-to-market gains on derivatives used to                 from operating activities, excluding acquisition and other costs paid, partly offset by
economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans and higher               higher capital expenditures.
losses on investments related to an obligation to repurchase at fair value the
minority interest in one of our subsidiaries,



Seasonality considerations
Some of our segments’ revenues and expenses vary slightly by season, which                and roaming in the spring and summer months, followed by historical seasonal
may impact quarter-to-quarter financial results. Over the past eight quarters, the        sequential declines in the fourth and first quarters. However, this seasonal effect on
COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our business. While the unfavourable effects of            ARPU has moderated, as unlimited voice and data options have become more
the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial and operating performance moderated in             prevalent, resulting in less variability in chargeable data usage.
2022, it is difficult to estimate the impacts that the COVID-19 pandemic could have
in the future on our business or financial results due to uncertainties relating to the   Bell Wireline revenue tends to be higher in the fourth quarter because of historically
severity and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and possible further resurgences           higher data and equipment product sales to business customers. However, this may
in the number of COVID-19 cases, including as a result of the potential emergence         vary from year to year depending on the strength of the economy and the presence
of other variants, and various potential outcomes. Therefore, the typical seasonal        of targeted sales initiatives, which can influence customer spending. Home Phone,
variations described below may not fully reflect the trends experienced during the        TV and Internet subscriber activity is subject to modest seasonal fluctuations,
COVID-19 pandemic, which affected and continues to affect customer behaviour              attributable largely to residential moves during the summer months and the
and spending, as well as the way we operate our business. Accordingly, it is              back-to-school period in the third quarter. Targeted marketing efforts conducted
difficult at this time to estimate the ultimate duration of the COVID-19 pandemic or      during various times of the year to coincide with special events or broad-based
the extent of its impact on the seasonality trends that normally characterize our         marketing campaigns also may have an impact on overall wireline operating results.
business.                                                                                 Bell Media revenue and related expenses from TV and radio broadcasting are
Bell Wireless operating results are influenced by the timing of new mobile device         largely derived from the sale of advertising, the demand for which is affected by
launches and seasonal promotional periods, such as back-to-school, Black Friday           prevailing economic conditions as well as cyclical and seasonal variations. Seasonal
and the Christmas holiday period, as well as the level of overall competitive             variations in TV are driven by the strength of TV ratings, particularly during the fall
intensity. Because of these seasonal effects, subscriber additions and retention          programming season, major sports league seasons and other special sporting
costs due to device upgrades related to contract renewals are typically higher in         events such as the Olympic Games, National Hockey League (NHL) and NBA
the third and fourth quarters. For ARPU, historically we have experienced seasonal        playoffs and FIFA World Cup soccer, as well as fluctuations in consumer retail
sequential increases in the second and third quarters, due to higher levels of            activity during the year.
usage

                                                                                                                                                                              85
8 MD&A Regulatory environment


8         Regulatory environment

8.1 Introduction
This section describes certain legislation that governs our business and provides          them. Notably, it currently mandates wholesale high-speed access for wireline
highlights of recent regulatory initiatives and proceedings, government                    broadband as well as domestic wireless roaming services and is implementing a
consultations and government positions that affect us, influence our business and          wholesale facilities-based mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) access service.
may continue to affect our ability to compete in the marketplace. Bell Canada and          Lower mandated wholesale rates or the imposition of unfavourable terms for
several of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Bell Mobility, Bell ExpressVu   mandated services could undermine our incentives to invest in network
Limited Partnership (ExpressVu), Bell Media, NorthernTel, Limited Partnership              improvements and extensions, limit our flexibility, influence the market structure,
(NorthernTel), Télébec, Limited Partnership (Télébec), Group Maskatel Québec LP            improve the business position of our competitors, limit network-based differentiation
(Maskatel), Distributel and Northwestel, are governed by the Telecommunications            of our services and negatively impact the financial performance of our businesses.
Act, the Broadcasting Act, the Radiocommunication Act and/or the Bell Canada               Our TV distribution and our TV and radio broadcasting businesses are subject to the
Act. Our business is affected by regulations, policies and decisions made by               Broadcasting Act and are, for the most part, not subject to retail price regulation.
various regulatory agencies, including the CRTC, a quasi-judicial agency of the
Government of Canada responsible for regulating Canada’s telecommunications                Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated, government agencies
and broadcasting industries, and other federal government departments, in                  and departments such as the CRTC, ISED, Canadian Heritage and the Competition
particular ISED and the Competition Bureau.                                                Bureau continue to play a significant role in regulatory matters such as establishing
                                                                                           and modifying regulations for mandatory access to networks, spectrum auctions, the
In particular, the CRTC regulates the prices we can charge for retail                      imposition of consumer-related codes of conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast
telecommunications services when it determines there is not enough competition             and spectrum licensing, foreign ownership requirements, privacy and cybersecurity
to protect the interests of consumers. The CRTC has determined that competition            obligations, and control of copyright piracy. Adverse decisions by governments or
is sufficient to grant forbearance from retail price regulation under the                  regulatory agencies, increasing regulation or a lack of effective anti-piracy remedies
Telecommunications Act for the vast majority of our retail wireline and wireless           could have negative financial, operational, reputational or competitive consequences
telecommunications services. The CRTC can also mandate the provision of access             for our business.
by competitors to our wireline and wireless networks and the rates we can charge




8.2 Telecommunications Act
The Telecommunications Act governs telecommunications in Canada. It defines                New policy direction
the broad objectives of Canada’s telecommunications policy and provides the
Government of Canada with the power to give general direction to the CRTC on               On February 13, 2023, the Government of Canada adopted a new policy direction to
any of its policy objectives. It applies to several of the BCE group of companies          the CRTC in respect of telecommunications services. The new policy direction
and partnerships, including Bell Canada, Bell Mobility, NorthernTel, Télébec,              replaces existing policy directions issued in 2006 and 2019. The new policy direction
Maskatel, Distributel and Northwestel.                                                     retains from the 2019 version that the CRTC should consider how its decisions can
                                                                                           promote competition, affordability, consumer interests and innovation, and adds
Under the Telecommunications Act, all facilities-based telecommunications service          reference to the importance of network resilience and reliability. It also directs the
providers in Canada, known as telecommunications common carriers (TCCs),                   CRTC to adhere to a list of principles of effective regulation, to maintain or potentially
must seek regulatory approval for all telecommunications services, unless the              expand its wholesale regimes for fixed Internet and mobile wireless services, and to
services are exempt or forborne from regulation. Most retail services offered by the       take certain steps to enhance and protect the rights of consumers of
BCE group of companies are forborne from retail regulation. The CRTC may                   telecommunications services. At this time, it is unclear what impact, if any, the new
exempt an entire class of carriers from regulation under the Telecommunications            policy direction could have on our business and financial results, including our ability
Act if the exemption meets the objectives of Canada’s telecommunications policy.           to continue to invest at the same levels as we have in the past.
In addition, a few large TCCs, including those in the BCE group, must also meet            .
certain Canadian ownership requirements. BCE monitors and periodically reports
on the level of non-Canadian ownership of its common shares.

86   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
8 MD&A Regulatory environment


Review of mobile wireless services                                                        Mandated disaggregated wholesale
On February 28, 2019, the CRTC launched its planned review of the regulatory              access to FTTP networks
framework for mobile wireless services. The main issues in the CRTC’s                     On July 22, 2015, in Telecom Regulatory Policy CRTC 2015-326, the CRTC
consultation included (i) competition in the retail market; (ii) the current wholesale    mandated the introduction of a new disaggregated wholesale high-speed access
mobile wireless service regulatory framework, with a focus on wholesale MVNO              service, including over FTTP facilities. The first stage of its implementation took
access; and (iii) the future of mobile wireless services in Canada, with a focus on       place only in Ontario and Québec. This adverse regulatory decision may impact the
reducing barriers to infrastructure deployment. On April 15, 2021, the CRTC               specific nature, magnitude, location and timing of our future FTTP investment
released its decision, which requires Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications                decisions. In particular, the introduction by the CRTC of mandated wholesale
Canada Inc. (Rogers Canada), Telus Communications Inc. (Telus                             services over FTTP undermines the incentives for facilities-based digital
Communications) and Saskatchewan Telecommunications (SaskTel) to provide                  infrastructure providers to invest in next-generation wireline networks, particularly in
MVNO access to their networks to regional wireless carriers to allow them to              smaller communities and rural areas.
operate as MVNOs in ISED Tier 4 spectrum licence areas where they own
spectrum. The terms and conditions for MVNO access will be established in tariffs         On August 29, 2017, in Telecom Order CRTC 2017-312, the CRTC set interim rates
to be approved by the CRTC. The rate for MVNO access will not be subject to the           for the new disaggregated wholesale high-speed access service. The final rates
CRTC tariff regime but instead is to be commercially negotiated between the               remain to be determined. On June 11, 2020, the CRTC launched a new proceeding
parties with final offer arbitration by the CRTC as a recourse if negotiations fail.      (refer to Review of network configuration for disaggregated wholesale access below)
The CRTC indicated that the mandated access service is intended to be a                   to reconsider the network configuration of the disaggregated wholesale high-speed
temporary measure and will, in the absence of certain implementation delays, be           access service it mandated in 2015 and suspended the finalization of the interim
phased out seven years from the date tariffed terms and conditions are finalized. In      rates and terms of tariff that were set in 2017 until further notice. The mandating of
the decision, the CRTC has also required Bell Mobility, Rogers Canada and Telus           final rates that are materially different from the rates we proposed could further
Communications to provide seamless handoffs as part of the CRTC’s existing                impact our investment strategy, improve the business position of our competitors and
mandated domestic roaming service and has confirmed that its mandatory roaming            adversely impact our financial results.
obligations apply to 5G. On July 14, 2021, Bell Mobility, Rogers Canada, Telus
Communications and SaskTel filed proposed tariff terms and conditions for the             CNOC’s application on retail FTTP
mandated MVNO access service and Bell Mobility, Rogers Canada and Telus
Communications filed proposed amendments to their mandated roaming tariffs to             broadband services
reflect the CRTC’s determinations. On April 6, 2022, the CRTC issued a decision           On January 8, 2021, Canadian Network Operators Consortium Inc. (CNOC) filed an
on the mandated roaming tariffs in which it directed Bell Mobility, Rogers Canada         application with the CRTC asking for an order mandating Bell Canada and other
and Telus Communications to make specified changes to their tariffs by April 21,          large providers to sell retail FTTP broadband services to ISPs, at a mandated
2022, for CRTC approval.                                                                  discount off the retail price. ISPs would then resell these services under their own
On October 19, 2022, the CRTC issued a decision in which it made certain                  brands. CNOC proposed that this mandated access to retail FTTP services would
determinations regarding the terms and conditions of the proposed MVNO tariffs            last until the CRTC completes its reviews of all current and near-term proceedings
previously filed by Bell Mobility, Rogers Canada, Telus Communications and                related to wholesale high-speed services. The implementation of CNOC’s proposal
SaskTel, and directed them to file revised tariffs reflecting these determinations        would undermine the incentives for facilities-based digital infrastructure providers to
within 30 days. In the decision, the CRTC directed Bell Mobility, Rogers Canada,          invest in next-generation wireline networks, particularly in smaller communities and
Telus Communications and SaskTel to offer MVNO access service to regional                 rural areas, as well as improve the business position of our competitors and
carriers with a home radio access network (RAN) and core network actively                 adversely impact our financial results.
offering mobile wireless services commercially to retail customers in Canada, and
confirmed that similar terms and conditions related to seamless handoffs and 5G in        Review of wholesale FTTN high-speed access
the domestic roaming tariffs should apply to the mandated MVNO tariffs. The               service rates
CRTC required Bell Mobility, Rogers Canada, Telus Communications and SaskTel
to begin accepting requests for MVNO access from regional wireless carriers from          As part of its ongoing review of wholesale Internet rates, on October 6, 2016, the
the date of the decision. Bell Mobility is required to provide access to the              CRTC significantly reduced, on an interim basis, some of the wholesale rates that
mandated MVNO service in all provinces (excluding Saskatchewan) and in the                Bell Canada and other major providers charge for access by third-party Internet
three territories. It is unclear at this time what impact, if any, the measures set out   resellers to FTTN or cable networks, as applicable. On August 15, 2019, the CRTC
in this decision could have on our business and financial results, and our ability to     further reduced the wholesale rates that Internet resellers pay to access network
make investments at the same levels as we have in the past.                               infrastructure built by facilities-based providers like Bell Canada, with retroactive
                                                                                          effect to March 2016.

                                                                                                                                                                               87
8 MD&A Regulatory environment

The August 2019 decision was stayed, first by the Federal Court of Appeal and               TekSavvy’s application regarding undue
then by the CRTC, with the result that it never came into effect. In response to
review and vary applications filed by each of Bell Canada, five major cable carriers        preference in wholesale high-speed access
(Cogeco Communications Inc., Eastlink, Rogers Canada, Shaw and Vidéotron                    rates and services
Ltée) and Telus Communications, the CRTC issued Decision 2021-182 on May 27,                On January 20, 2023, TekSavvy filed an application with the CRTC in which it
2021, which mostly reinstated the rates prevailing prior to August 2019 with some           alleges that Rogers Canada and Bell Canada engaged in undue preference in
reductions to the Bell Canada rates with retroactive effect to March 2016. As a             contravention of the Telecommunications Act. Specifically, TekSavvy claimed that
result, in the second quarter of 2021, we recorded a reduction in revenue of                Rogers Canada and Bell Canada entered into off-tariff agreements (OTAs) with
$44 million in our consolidated income statements.                                          Vidéotron Ltée and EBOX, respectively. With respect to Bell Canada and EBOX,
While there remains a requirement to refund monies to third-party Internet                  TekSavvy alleges that Bell Canada provided EBOX with preferential wholesale high-
resellers, the establishment of final wholesale rates that are similar to those             speed access rates and/or wholesale aggregated high-speed access over FTTP, a
prevailing since 2019 reduces the impact of the CRTC’s long-running review of               service not available to other competitors. TekSavvy asked the CRTC to commence
wholesale Internet rates and ensures a better climate for much-needed investment            an investigation into the alleged OTAs and to provide interim relief, such as adopting
in advanced networks. The largest reseller, TekSavvy Solutions Inc. (TekSavvy),             the rates for wholesale aggregated high-speed access set in its August 15, 2019
obtained leave to appeal the CRTC’s decision of May 27, 2021 before the Federal             decision (which were largely invalidated by the CRTC in Decision 2021-182, see
Court of Appeal. The decision was also challenged in three petitions brought by             Review of wholesale FTTN high-speed access service rates above) or mandating
TekSavvy, CNOC and National Capital Freenet before Cabinet but, on May 26,                  wholesale aggregated access to FTTP at retail-minus rates (which is similar to
2022, Cabinet announced it would not alter the decision.                                    CNOC’s pending application discussed under CNOC’s application on retail FTTP
                                                                                            broadband services above). We believe the application, at least in regards to EBOX
                                                                                            and Bell Canada, has no merit because it is based on some factual assumptions
Review of network configuration                                                             which are not accurate. Nonetheless, it is unclear what impact, if any, the results of
for disaggregated wholesale access                                                          the proceeding could have on our business and financial results.
On June 11, 2020, the CRTC launched a proceeding to reconsider the network
configuration of the disaggregated wholesale high-speed access service mandated             Review of the approach to rate setting
of Bell Canada and large cable carriers. The consultation aims to adopt a model             for wholesale telecommunications services
applicable to wholesale providers across the country. It may also result in the
adoption of a different level of disaggregation for Bell Canada than had been               On April 24, 2020, the CRTC launched a proceeding to reconsider the current
mandated in 2015 as discussed under Mandated disaggregated wholesale access                 approach used by the CRTC to set rates for mandated wholesale
to FTTP networks above. The launch of this new consultation has suspended the               telecommunications services. The proceeding aims to consider the most appropriate
finalization of the rates of Bell Canada’s existing disaggregated high-speed access         methodology for ensuring that such rates are just and reasonable and are
service, which will remain at their current interim level until further notice. Revisions   established in an efficient manner. This may result in the adoption of a new costing
that facilitate reseller access to disaggregated wholesale access and/or the                approach that substantially differs from the current Phase II costing methodology.
mandating of final rates that are materially different from the rates Bell Canada has       Phase II is a prospective incremental costing methodology currently used by the
proposed could undermine the incentives for facilities-based digital infrastructure         CRTC to determine rates for regulated wholesale services. If the current Phase II
providers to invest in next-generation wireline networks, improve the business              costing methodology is revised or replaced, the impact of such changes may result
position of resellers of high-speed access services and adversely impact our                in more efficient and transparent rate setting, or it may result in a rate-setting
financial results.                                                                          process that favours resellers and undermines incentives for facilities-based
                                                                                            investment. At this time, it is unclear what impact, if any, the results of the
                                                                                            proceeding could have on our business and financial results.

                                                                                            Review of the CRTC’s regulatory framework
                                                                                            for Northwestel
                                                                                            On June 8, 2022, the CRTC launched the second phase of a proceeding to review
                                                                                            the regulatory framework for Northwestel and the state of telecommunications
                                                                                            services in Canada’s North. This proceeding may result in modifications to the
                                                                                            current regulatory framework for Northwestel, including with respect to issues such
                                                                                            as rates, wholesale access and subsidies. Modifications to the current regulatory
                                                                                            framework may result in additional subsidies and rate flexibility for Northwestel,
                                                                                            which would encourage investment, or they may result in rate restrictions or
                                                                                            additional wholesale obligations, which would undermine incentives for investment in
                                                                                            the North. At this time, it is unclear what impact, if any, the results of the proceeding
                                                                                            could have on our business and financial results.

88   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
8 MD&A Regulatory environment


CRTC review of access to poles                                                         Bill C-26, An Act Respecting Cyber Security
On February 15, 2023, the CRTC issued a decision which included a number of            On June 14, 2022, the Government of Canada introduced Bill C-26, An Act
determinations to facilitate access by third parties to poles owned by Canadian        Respecting Cyber Security (ARCS). ARCS would enact the Critical Cyber Systems
carriers or poles to which Canadian carriers control access. Among other               Protection Act, which would establish a regulatory framework requiring designated
directions, the CRTC’s decision: establishes new timelines for each step in the        operators in the finance, telecommunications, energy and transportation sectors to
pole access permitting process; reduces the obligations of access seekers to pay       protect their critical cyber systems. Also included in Bill C-26 are proposed changes
costs for any pole repairs, upgrades or replacements required to accommodate the       to the Telecommunications Act that would establish new authorities that would
addition of the access seeker’s equipment; provides access seekers with greater        enable the Government to take action to promote the security of the Canadian
flexibility to carry out pole repairs and upgrades themselves; maintains the           telecommunications system, which could include measures with respect to certain
circumstances under which pole owners may obtain priority access to poles or           suppliers, such as Huawei and ZTE. If enacted, Bill C-26 would give ISED additional
reserve capacity for their future use on poles; and imposes new notification and       order-making powers and establish an enforcement regime under which the Minister
reporting obligations on pole owners. The decision requires large ILECs to update      responsible for ISED could impose administrative monetary penalties, among other
their applicable tariffs to incorporate the new determinations by April 3, 2023. We    actions. It is unclear at this time what impact the legislative changes could have on
are analyzing the impacts of the decision and assessing our operational and            our business and financial results.
regulatory next steps.
                                                                                       Canada’s telecommunications foreign
                                                                                       ownership rules
                                                                                       Under the Telecommunications Act, there are no foreign investment restrictions
                                                                                       applicable to TCCs that have less than a 10% share of the total Canadian
                                                                                       telecommunications market as measured by annual revenues. However, foreign
                                                                                       investment in telecommunications companies can still be refused by the government
                                                                                       under the Investment Canada Act. The absence of foreign ownership restrictions on
                                                                                       such small or new entrant TCCs could result in more foreign companies entering the
                                                                                       Canadian market, including by acquiring spectrum licences or Canadian TCCs.




8.3 Broadcasting Act
The Broadcasting Act outlines the broad objectives of Canada’s broadcasting            Bill C-11, An Act to amend the Broadcasting Act
policy and assigns the regulation and supervision of the broadcasting system to
the CRTC. Key policy objectives of the Broadcasting Act are to protect and             On February 2, 2022, the Government of Canada tabled Bill C-11, An Act to amend
strengthen the cultural, political, social and economic fabric of Canada and to        the Broadcasting Act and to make related and consequential amendments to other
encourage the development of Canadian expression.                                      Acts. Key among the proposed amendments in Bill C-11 is that foreign online
                                                                                       broadcasting undertakings doing business in Canada could be required to contribute
Most broadcasting activities require a programming or distribution licence from the    to the Canadian broadcasting system in a manner that the CRTC deems
CRTC. The CRTC may exempt broadcasting undertakings from complying with                appropriate. The specifics of such contribution would be determined through the
certain licensing and regulatory requirements if it is satisfied that non-compliance   CRTC’s public consultation processes and enforced by way of conditions imposed
will not materially affect the implementation of Canadian broadcasting policy. A       by the CRTC. Bill C-11 passed third reading in the House of Commons on
corporation must also meet certain Canadian ownership and control requirements         June 15, 2022 and it passed third reading in the Senate of Canada on February 2,
to obtain a programming or distribution licence, and corporations must have the        2023. It will return to the House of Commons for review of the changes from the
CRTC’s approval before they can transfer effective control of a broadcasting           Senate of Canada and will likely require further review by the Senate of Canada if
licensee.                                                                              the House of Commons does not accept all the changes the Senate of Canada has
                                                                                       proposed before receiving royal assent. Bill C-11 would result in the elimination of
Our TV distribution operations and our TV and radio broadcasting operations are        CRTC Part II Licence Fees whereby the broadcasting industry pays an annual tax of
subject to the requirements of the Broadcasting Act, the policies and decisions of     approximately $120 million per year. It is unknown when and if Bill C-11 will receive
the CRTC and their respective broadcasting licences. Any changes in the                royal assent, when and if any adopted reforms would come into force, and whether
Broadcasting Act, amendments to regulations or the adoption of new ones, or            the elimination of Part II Licence Fees would be included in the final version of the
amendments to licences, could negatively affect our competitive position or the        Act. Therefore, the impact that the legislative changes could have on our business
cost of providing services.                                                            and financial results is unclear at this time.



                                                                                                                                                                         89
8 MD&A Regulatory environment



8.4 Radiocommunication Act
ISED regulates the use of radio spectrum under the Radiocommunication Act and             Consultation on 26, 28 and 38 GHz (Millimeter
Radiocommunication Regulations to ensure that radiocommunication in Canada is
developed and operated efficiently. All companies wishing to operate radio                Wave) spectrum licensing framework
apparatus in Canada must hold a radio licence or spectrum licence to do so. The           On June 6, 2022, ISED initiated a consultation seeking input regarding a policy and
Radiocommunication Regulations specify those persons (including corporations              licensing framework to govern the auction and use of spectrum licences in the 26,
such as Bell Canada and Bell Mobility) who are eligible to be issued radio licences       28 and 38 Gigahertz (GHz) (Millimeter Wave) spectrum bands. The consultation
or spectrum licences.                                                                     paper seeks comments on the use of a spectrum set-aside for certain auction
                                                                                          bidders, or a spectrum cap across the 26, 28 and 38 GHz spectrum bands. ISED
Decision on 3800 MHz spectrum                                                             proposes that the auctioned licences will have a 10-year term and that there will be
                                                                                          limits on the extent of transferability of licences for the first five years of the licence
licensing framework                                                                       term. In addition, ISED proposes that licensees will be required to deploy a certain
On June 30, 2022, ISED released its decision on the technical, policy and licensing       number of sites in each licence area at five and nine and a half years following
framework to govern the auction and use of spectrum licences in the 3800 MHz              licence issuance. ISED has not yet indicated a specific date when the auction will
band. ISED will implement a cross-band spectrum cap (with the 3500 MHz band)              take place. The consultation paper also seeks comments on the transition process
of 100 MHz. The auctioned licences will have a 20-year term and licences will not         for existing 38 GHz licensees from fixed to flexible use (i.e., mobile or fixed use), as
be transferable for the first five years of the licence term if the transfer results in   well as the limitations on the use of 38 GHz spectrum by satellite earth stations. It is
exceeding the cross-band spectrum cap. In addition, licensees will be required to         unclear what impact the results of this consultation and future related processes
provide network coverage to a certain percentage of the population at 5, 7, 10 and        could have on our business and financial results.
20 years following licence issuance depending on the licence area. Licensees with
existing LTE networks will be subject to additional deployment requirements based
on their existing LTE coverage. The auction is scheduled to begin October 24,
2023. It is unclear what impact the results of this decision could have on our
business and financial results.




8.5 Bell Canada Act
Among other things, the Bell Canada Act limits how Bell Canada voting shares and Bell Canada facilities may be sold or transferred. Specifically, under the Bell Canada Act,
the CRTC must approve any sale or other disposal of Bell Canada voting shares that are held by BCE, unless the sale or disposal would result in BCE retaining at least 80%
of all of the issued and outstanding voting shares of Bell Canada. Except in the ordinary course of business, the sale or other disposal of facilities integral to Bell Canada’s
telecommunications activities must also receive CRTC approval.




8.6 Other
Bill C-18, the Online News Act
On April 5, 2022, the Government of Canada tabled Bill C-18, An Act respecting online communications platforms that make news content available to persons in Canada
(the Online News Act). Bill C-18 would require digital news intermediaries, such as Google and Facebook, that share news content produced by other news outlets to
negotiate commercial arrangements with those outlets, compensating them for the news content shared on digital platforms. The legislation, as currently drafted, would
entitle Bell Media’s general news services, such as CTV and Noovo, to compensation. Bill C-18 passed third reading through the House of Commons on December 14,
2022, and it is currently in second reading before the Senate of Canada, after which it will be studied by the Standing Senate Committee on Transport and Communications
before returning to the Senate for third reading. It is unknown when and if Bill C-18 will receive royal assent, when and if any adopted reforms would come into force, and the
level of compensation that may be established under the Bill. Therefore, the impact that the legislative changes could have on our business and financial results is unclear at
this time.
90   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
9 MD&A Business risks


9         Business risks
A risk is the possibility that an event might happen in the future that could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results
or reputation. The actual effect of any event could be materially different from what we currently anticipate. The risks described in this MD&A are not the only
ones that could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation.
This section describes the principal business risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or
reputation, and cause actual results or events to differ materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. Certain of
these principal business risks have already been discussed in other sections of this MD&A, and we refer the reader to those sections for a discussion of such
risks. All of the risk discussions set out in the sections referred to in the table below, as well as the risk discussion relating to general economic conditions, the
COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events set out in Section 3.3, Principal business risks, are incorporated by reference in this section 9.

 Risks discussed in other sections of this MD&A              Section references
 Competitive environment                                     Section 3.3, Principal business risks
                                                             Section 5, Business segment analysis (Competitive landscape and industry trends section for each segment)

 Regulatory environment                                      Section 3.3, Principal business risks
                                                             Section 8, Regulatory environment

 Security management and data governance                     Section 3.3, Principal business risks
 Risks specifically relating to our Bell CTS                 Section 5, Business segment analysis (Principal business risks section for each segment)
 and Bell Media segments


The other principal business risks that could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation are discussed
below.


Technology/infrastructure transformation


The evolution and transformation of our networks, systems and operations                 of becoming more agile in our service delivery and operations, as well as providing
using next-generation technologies, while lowering our cost structure, are               omni-channel capabilities for our customers. Our evolution activities also focus on
essential to effective competition and customer experience                               building next-generation converged wireline and wireless networks leveraging smart-
                                                                                         core technologies, to enable competitive quality and customer experience at a
Globalization, increased competition and ongoing technological advances are              competitive cost structure amid rapidly growing capacity requirements. Alignment
driving customer expectations for faster market responses, improved customer             across technology platforms, product and service development and operations is
service, enhanced user experiences and cost-effective delivery. Meeting these            increasingly critical to ensure appropriate trade-offs and optimization of capital
expectations requires the deployment of new service and product technologies             allocation. Failure to adopt best in class technology practices in transforming our
along with customer service tools that are network-neutral and based on a more           operations in order to enable a truly customer-centric service experience may hinder
collaborative and integrated development environment. The availability of improved       our ability to build customers’ trust in our innovation and technological capabilities
networks and software technologies further provides the foundation for better and        and our ability to compete on footprint, service experience and cost structure. Any
faster connections, which have in turn led to a significant growth in IoT                one or more of the above could have an adverse impact on our business, financial
applications. Change can be difficult and may present unforeseen obstacles that          results and reputation.
might impact successful execution, and this transition is made more challenging by
the complexity of our multi-product environment, combined with the complexity of         Customer retention and new customer acquisitions may be hindered during our
our network and IT infrastructure. The failure to accurately assess the potential of     transformation activities if such transformation causes poor service performance,
new technologies, or to invest and evolve in the appropriate direction in an             which in turn may adversely affect our ability to achieve operational and financial
environment of changing business models, could have an adverse impact on our             objectives. Failure to quickly maximize adaptable infrastructures, processes and
business and financial results.                                                          technologies to efficiently respond to evolving customer patterns and behaviours and
                                                                                         to leverage IP and automation across many facets of our network, product and
In particular, our network and IT evolution activities seek to use new as well as        service portfolio could inhibit a fully customer-centric approach. This could reduce
evolving and developing technologies, including network functions virtualization,        our ability to provide comprehensive self-serve convenience, real-time provisioning,
software-defined networks, cloud technologies, multi-edge computing, open source         cost savings and flexibility in delivery and consumption, leading to negative business
software, AI and machine learning. They further seek to transform our networks           and financial outcomes.
and systems through consolidation, virtualization and automation to achieve our
objectives

                                                                                                                                                                             91
9 MD&A Business risks

We further seek to expand our network footprint to enhance our value proposition          • The successful deployment of WTTP and 5G mobile services could be impacted
and meet customer needs while deploying technologies to support growth.                     by various factors affecting coverage and costs
However, adverse regulatory or court decisions may impact the specific nature,            • Higher demand for faster Internet speed and capacity, coupled with governmental
magnitude, location and timing of investment decisions. In particular, the lowering         policies and initiatives, creates tensions around FTTP and WTTP deployment in
of rates by the CRTC of mandated wholesale services over FTTP, the imposition of            terms of geographic preference and pace of rollout
unfavourable terms or the adoption of unfavourable rates in arbitration processes
associated with the facilities-based MVNO access service the CRTC is                      • The increasing dependence on applications for content delivery, sales, customer
implementing, the potential for additional mandated access to our networks, or the          engagement and service experience drives the need for new and scarce
imposition of broader wholesale obligations on wireless networks would undermine            capabilities (sourced internally or externally), that may not be available, as well as
the incentives for facilities-based digital infrastructure providers to invest in next-     the need for associated operating processes integrated into ongoing operations
generation wireline and wireless networks. Failure to continue investment in next-        • New products, services or applications could reduce demand for our existing, more
generation capabilities in a disciplined, timely and strategic manner could limit our       profitable service offerings or cause prices for those services to decline, and could
ability to compete effectively and to achieve desired business and financial results.       result in a shorter life cycle for existing or developing technologies, which could
Other examples of risks affecting the achievement                   of   our   desired      increase depreciation and amortization expense
technology/infrastructure transformation include the following:                           • The decommissioning of legacy equipment could be challenged by customer
• The current global economic uncertainty and the COVID-19 pandemic may bring               requirements to continue using older technologies as well as inherent risks
  about further incremental costs, delays or unavailability of equipment and                involved with transitioning to new systems
  materials, as well as unavailability of our employees, or those of our suppliers or     • As content consumption habits evolve and viewing options increase, our ability to
  contractors, due to workforce reduction initiatives, government actions, illness, or      aggregate and distribute relevant content and our ability to develop alternative
  other restrictive measures, which may impact our ability to expand our networks           delivery vehicles to compete in new markets and increase customer engagement
  or to start, advance or complete both currently planned network deployment                and revenue streams may be hindered by the significant software development
  projects and other projects                                                               and network investment required
• Challenges in hiring, retaining and developing technical and skilled resources          • Successfully managing the development and deployment of relevant product
  could adversely impact transformation activities                                          solutions on a timely basis to match the speed of adoption of IoT in the areas of
• We, and other telecommunications carriers upon which we rely to provide                   retail, business and government could be challenging
  services, must be able to purchase high-quality, reputable network equipment            • Customers continue to expect improvements in customer service, new functions
  and services from third-party suppliers on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost        and features, and reductions in the price charged to provide those services. Our
• Network construction and deployment on municipal or private property requires             ability to provide such improvements increasingly relies upon using a number of
  the issuance of municipal or property owner consents, respectively, for the               rapidly evolving technologies, including AI, machine learning and “big data”.
  installation of network equipment, which could increase the cost of, and cause            However, the use of such technologies is being increasingly scrutinized by
  delays in, fibre and wireless rollouts                                                    legislators and regulators. If we cannot build market-leading competencies in the
                                                                                            use of these emerging technologies in a way that respects societal values, we may
• Suboptimal capital deployment in network build, infrastructure and process                not be able to continue to meet changing customer expectations and to continue to
  upgrades, and customer service improvements, could hinder our ability to                  grow our business.
  compete effectively


Customer experience


Driving a positive customer experience in all aspects of our engagement with              confusion or billing, service or other errors, which could adversely affect customer
customers is important to avoid brand degradation and other adverse                       satisfaction, acquisition and retention. These challenges may be exacerbated as
impacts on our business and financial performance                                         services become more complex. Media attention to customer complaints could also
                                                                                          erode our brand and reputation and adversely affect customer acquisition and
As the bar continues to be raised by customers’ evolving expectations of service          retention. In addition, the current global economic uncertainty and the
and value, failure to get ahead of such expectations and build a more robust and          COVID-19 pandemic may bring about the unavailability of certain employees, or
consistent service experience at a fair value proposition could hinder product and        those of our suppliers or contractors, due to workforce reduction initiatives,
service differentiation and customer loyalty. The foundation of effective customer        government actions, illness or other restrictive measures, which could negatively
service is the ability to deliver high-quality, consistent and simple solutions to        impact the rapidity of our response to customer demands and the overall customer
customers in an expeditious manner and on mutually agreeable terms. However,              experience.
complexity in our operations resulting from multiple technology platforms, ordering
and billing systems, sales channels, marketing databases and a myriad of rate             With the proliferation of connectivity services, apps and devices, customers are
plans, promotions, brands and product offerings, in the context of a large customer       accustomed to doing things when, how and where they want through websites, self-
base and a workforce that continuously requires to be trained, monitored and              serve options, web chat, call centres and social media forums. These customer
replaced, may limit our ability to respond quickly to market changes and reduce           demands have intensified in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting
costs, and may lead to customer                                                           shift to online

92   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
9 MD&A Business risks

transactions amid store closures, and we seek to provide the necessary platforms        machine learning, in parallel with our network evolution, could also adversely affect
for customers to research, interact, purchase and service. Customers’ journey is        our business, financial results, reputation and brand value. Such development
increasingly completed on mobile devices, requiring alignment of websites,              activities could further be challenged by scarcity of skilled resources in the context of
customer support platforms and marketing. Understanding the customer                    a tight labour market.
relationship as a whole in a multi-product environment and delivering a simple,
seamless experience at a fair price is increasingly central to an evolving              Customers’ perception of our products, services, brand and corporate image is also
competitive dynamic. While we introduced new services and tools, including self-        important. Embracing topics that matter to the stakeholder value proposition, such
managed solutions, designed to accelerate our customer experience evolution, we         as increasing our focus on ESG topics and on the reporting of same, adds an
are unable to predict whether such services and tools will be sufficient to meet        important layer to the customer perception of our company and thus to the overall
customer expectations. Failure to develop true omni-channel capabilities and            customer experience. Failure to positively influence customer perceptions through
improve our customer experience by digitizing and developing a consistent, fast         effective communication, including through our use of social media and other
and on-demand end-to-end experience before, during and after sales using new            communication media or otherwise, could adversely affect our business, financial
technologies such as AI and                                                             results, reputation and brand value.



People


Our people are central to our success and attracting, developing and                    value proposition could also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain team
retaining a diverse and talented team capable of furthering our strategic               members.
imperatives is essential to driving a winning culture and outstanding
performance                                                                             The COVID-19 pandemic introduced new, and amplified existing, people-related
                                                                                        risks. From the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, we prioritized the health and
Our business depends on the efforts, engagement and expertise of our                    safety of our team, including implementing strict sanitation and safety procedures,
management and non-management employees and contractors, who must be able               accelerated remote work arrangements, and providing enhanced access to
to operate efficiently and safely based on their responsibilities and the environment   workplace mental health services. This led to the introduction of our Bell Workways
in which they are functioning. Demand for highly skilled team members has               program to help team members and leaders in managing work, family and other
recently intensified, as retiring workers, limited immigration due to restrictions      commitments by offering a new approach for our workplace that allows flexibility for
related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and an increase in remote-work arrangements           team members on how and where they work, depending on their new designated
allowing more global competition have created an even more competitive                  role-based work profiles (remote, mobile or full-time office). As we move forward with
marketplace. This emphasizes the importance of developing and maintaining a             this approach, we must nonetheless continue to manage health and safety concerns
comprehensive and inclusive human resources strategy and employee value                 related to the COVID-19 pandemic in relation to our regular daily activities. In
proposition to adequately compete for talent and to identify and secure high-           addition, flexible work models require a cultural shift and may bring potential
performing candidates for a broad range of job functions, roles and responsibilities.   volatility, which could impact business activities. Should we fail to establish an
In addition, an appropriately skilled and diversified pool of talent is essential to    optimal post-pandemic work arrangement and develop new leadership skills
support evolving business priorities in the context of an ongoing business              necessary in the context of a new hybrid model, this could impair our ability to
transformation impacting job nature and skill sets. Failure to appropriately train,     engage, motivate and retain employees, impact productivity, increase the number of
motivate, remunerate or deploy employees on initiatives that further our strategic      employees on disability leave for mental health reasons, and introduce additional
imperatives, or to efficiently replace departing employees, could have an adverse       operational risks or exacerbate our exposure to existing ones, which could impair
impact on our ability to attract and retain talent and drive performance across the     our ability to manage our business.
organization. Labour shortages could negatively affect our ability to implement our
strategic priorities, as well as sell our products and services and more generally      Other examples of people-related risks include the following:
serve our customers.                                                                    • The increasing technical and operational complexity of our businesses and the
                                                                                          high demand in the market for skilled resources in strategic areas create a
Establishing a culture that drives inclusivity, employee engagement, development          challenging environment for hiring, retaining and developing such skilled resources
and progression is essential to attract and retain talent. In addition, employees are
typically more engaged at work when their value system aligns with their                • Failure to establish a complete and effective succession plan, including preparation
employer’s corporate values. Team members and organizations that share values             of internal talent and identification of potential external candidates, where relevant,
also share a bigger purpose, and this match is critical to creating a long-lasting,       for senior executive and other key roles, could impair our business until qualified
successful and motivating place to work. We seek to foster an inclusive, equitable        replacements are found
and accessible workplace where team members are valued, respected and                   • Ensuring the safety of our workforce operating in different environments, including
supported, reflecting the diversity of the communities we serve and our desire to         manholes, telephone poles, cell towers, vehicles, foreign news bureaus and war
provide team members with the opportunity to reach their full potential. We further       zones, and/or in times of pandemic, requires focus, effective processes and
endeavour to establish programs and provide resources to support team members             flexibility to avoid injury, illness, service interruption, fines and reputational impact
on a wide range of topics, including mental health services and support. Failure to
establish robust programs to further these aspirations could adversely affect our       • Potential deterioration in employee morale and engagement resulting from staff
ability to attract and retain team members. Failure to sufficiently address evolving      reductions, cost reductions or reorganizations could adversely affect our business
employee expectations related to our culture and                                          and financial results



                                                                                                                                                                                93
9 MD&A Business risks

Challenges related to collective agreements could adversely affect our                  We cannot predict the outcome of collective agreement negotiations. Renewal of
business                                                                                collective agreements could result in higher labour costs and be challenging in the
                                                                                        context of a declining workload due to transformation, a maturing footprint and
Approximately 43% of BCE employees were represented by unions and were                  improved efficiencies. If during the bargaining process there were to be project
covered by collective agreements at December 31, 2022. The positive                     delays and work disruptions, including work stoppages or work slowdowns, this
engagement of members of our team represented by unions is contingent on                could adversely affect service to our customers and, in turn, our customer
negotiating collective agreements that deliver competitive labour conditions and        relationships and financial performance.
uninterrupted service, both of which are critical to achieving our business
objectives.



Operational performance


Our networks and IT systems are the foundation of high-quality consistent               In addition, we currently use a very large number of interconnected internal and
services, which are critical to meeting service expectations                            third-party operational and business support systems for provisioning, networking,
                                                                                        distribution, broadcast management, ordering, billing and accounting, which may
Our ability to provide high-quality and consistent wireless, wireline and media         hinder our operational efficiency. If we fail to implement, maintain or manage highly
services to customers in a complex and changing operating environment is crucial        effective IT systems supported by an effective governance and operating framework,
for sustained success. Network capacity demands for content offerings and other         this may lead to inconsistent performance and dissatisfied customers, which over
bandwidth-intensive applications on our wireline and wireless networks have been        time could result in higher churn.
growing at unprecedented rates. Unexpected capacity pressures on our networks
may negatively affect our network performance and our ability to provide services.      Further examples of risks to operational performance that could impact our
Stay-at-home and work-from-home measures implemented by governments and                 reputation, business operations and financial performance include the following:
businesses during the COVID-19 pandemic have further impacted the nature of             • The current global economic uncertainty and the COVID-19 pandemic may bring
our customers’ use of our networks, products and services. This has created               about further incremental costs, delays or unavailability of equipment and
increased capacity pressure on certain areas of our wireless, wireline and                materials, as well as unavailability of our employees or those of our suppliers or
broadcast media networks in a short period of time. As a result of taking various         contractors, due to workforce reduction initiatives, government actions, illness, or
steps to maintain service continuity, our networks have, in general, adequately           other restrictive measures, which may impact our ability to maintain or upgrade our
sustained such increased usage, but there can be no assurance that this will              networks in order to accommodate increased network usage and to provide the
continue to be the case. We may also need to incur significant capital expenditures       desired levels of customer service
in order to provide additional capacity and reduce network congestion. Home
offices can be anywhere in the country and network performance and/or reliability       • Failure to maintain required service delivery amid operational challenges (including
may vary depending on the location. The recent trend for families to move from            those related to flexible work models and the availability of employees with the
urban centres to less urbanized areas also increases the need to develop and/or           required skill set in the context of a tight labour market) and a transformation of our
enhance our networks in areas that were not previously served or that were                infrastructure and technology could adversely affect our brand, reputation and
underserved.                                                                              financial results

Customers and other stakeholders expect that we deliver reliable service                • We may lose sales should we fail to maximize channel efficiencies, which could
performance, enabled by our network and other infrastructure, as well as the              adversely affect our financial results
network and other infrastructure of third-party providers on which we rely. Issues      • Corporate restructurings, system replacements and upgrades, process redesigns,
relating to network availability, speed, consistency and traffic management on our        staff reductions and the integration of business acquisitions may not deliver the
more current as well as our legacy networks could adversely affect our customers,         benefits contemplated, or be completed when expected, and could adversely
including by preventing the provisioning of critical services, and could have an          impact our ongoing operations
adverse impact on our business and financial performance. Furthermore, we may           • Failure to streamline our significant IT legacy system portfolio and proactively
need to manage the possibility of instability as we transition towards converged          improve operating performance could adversely affect our business and financial
wireline and wireless networks and newer technologies, including software-defined         results
networks leveraging open source software and cloud services. Network failures
and slowdowns, whether caused by internal or external forces, human-caused              • We may experience more service interruptions or outages due to legacy
error or threat, or external events, could adversely affect our brand and reputation,     infrastructure. In some cases, vendor support is no longer available or legacy
subscriber acquisition and retention as well as our financial results. While we           vendor operations have ceased.
invest in the resiliency of our network and other infrastructure and establish          • There may be a lack of replacement parts and competent and cost-effective
response strategies and business continuity protocols to seek to maintain service         resources to perform the life cycle management and upgrades necessary to
consistency, there is no assurance that such investments and protocols will be            maintain the operational status of legacy networks and IT systems
sufficient to prevent network failure or the failure of other infrastructure, or a
disruption in the delivery of our services.                                             • Climate change increases the probability of severe weather-related events such as
                                                                                          ice, snow and wind storms, wildfires, flooding, extended heat waves, hurricanes,
                                                                                          tornadoes and tsunamis, all of which could impact network availability and
                                                                                          performance and drive more repairs of network equipment

94   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
9 MD&A Business risks

Our operations and business continuity depend on how well we protect, test,               resources and result in significant remediation costs, which in turn could have an
maintain, replace and upgrade our networks, IT systems, equipment and                     adverse effect on our business and financial performance, or impair our ability to
other facilities                                                                          keep existing subscribers or attract new ones.
Our operations, service performance, reputation, business continuity and strategy         In addition, the current global economic uncertainty and the COVID-19 pandemic
depend on how well we and our contracted product and service providers, as well           may bring about further incremental costs, delays or unavailability of equipment and
as other telecommunications carriers on which we rely to provide services, protect        materials, as well as unavailability of our employees or those of our suppliers or
networks and IT systems, as well as other infrastructure and facilities, from events      contractors, any of which could impact our operations and business continuity
such as information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry, fire, natural         strategies.
disasters, power loss, building cooling loss, acts of war or terrorism, sabotage,
vandalism, actions of neighbours and other events. Climate change, especially in          Satellites used to provide our satellite TV services are subject to significant
areas of greater environmental sensitivity, could heighten the occurrence of certain      operational risks that could have an adverse effect on our business and
of the above-mentioned risks. We must also manage business continuity issues              financial performance
caused by internal forces, including human error, human-caused threats and                Pursuant to a set of commercial arrangements between ExpressVu and Telesat
inefficiencies. Establishing response strategies and business continuity protocols        Canada (Telesat), we currently have satellites under contract with Telesat. Telesat
to maintain service consistency if any disruptive event materializes is critical to the   operates or directs the operation of these satellites, which utilize highly complex
achievement of effective customer service. Any of the above-mentioned events, as          technology and operate in the harsh environment of space and are therefore subject
well as the failure by us, or by other telecommunications carriers on which we rely       to significant operational risks while in orbit. These risks include in-orbit equipment
to provide services, to adequately complete planned and sufficient testing,               failures, malfunctions and other problems, commonly referred to as anomalies, that
maintenance, replacement or upgrade of our or their networks, equipment and               could reduce the commercial usefulness of a satellite used to provide our satellite TV
other facilities, which is, among other factors, dependent on our or their ability to     services. Acts of war or terrorism, magnetic, electrostatic or solar storms, or space
purchase equipment and services from third-party suppliers, could disrupt our             debris or meteoroids could also damage such satellites. Any loss, failure,
operations (including through disruptions such as network and other infrastructure        manufacturing defect, damage or destruction of these satellites, of our terrestrial
failures, billing errors or delays in customer service), require significant              broadcasting infrastructure or of Telesat’s tracking, telemetry and control facilities to
                                                                                          operate the satellites could have an adverse effect on our business and financial
                                                                                          performance and could result in customers terminating their subscriptions to our
                                                                                          satellite TV service.


Vendor management/supply chain


We depend on third-party suppliers, outsourcers and consultants, some of                  suppliers or outsourcers and could result in significant increased costs, as well as
which are critical, to provide an uninterrupted supply of the products and                transitional, support, service, quality or continuity issues; delay our ability to deploy
services we need, as well as comply with various obligations                              new network and other technologies and offer new products and services; and
                                                                                          adversely affect our business and financial results.
We depend on key third-party suppliers and outsourcers, over which we have no
operational or financial control, for products and services, some of which are            The use of third-party suppliers and the outsourcing of services generally involve
critical to our operations. If there are gaps in our vendor selection, governance or      transfer of risks, and we must take appropriate steps to ensure that our suppliers’
oversight processes established to seek to ensure full risk transparency at point of      and outsourcers’ approach to risk management is aligned with our own standards in
purchase and throughout the relationship, including any contract renegotiations,          order to maintain continuity of supply and brand strength. Increased focus on
there is the potential for a breakdown in supply, which could impact our ability to       supplier risks in areas of security, data governance, responsible procurement and
make sales, service customers and achieve our business and financial objectives.          broader ESG factors requires increased attention given that supplier actions or
In addition, any such gaps could result in suboptimal management of our vendor            omissions could have significant impacts on our business, financial results, brand
base, increased costs and missed opportunities. Ongoing relationships must                and reputation. Furthermore, cloud-based supplier models have continued to evolve
further be adequately managed in order to address existing and new operational            and grow and, while they offer many potential benefits, cloud-based services can
and compliance requirements. Some of our third-party suppliers and outsourcers            also change the level or types of risks. Accordingly, our procurement and vendor
are located in foreign countries, which increases the potential for a breakdown in        management practices must also continue to evolve to fully take into account the
supply due to the risks of operating in foreign jurisdictions with different laws,        potential risks of cloud-based services.
geopolitical environments and cultures, as well as the potential for localized natural
disasters.                                                                                In addition, certain company initiatives rely heavily on professional consulting
                                                                                          services provided by third parties, and a failure of such third-party services may not
We may have to select different third-party suppliers for equipment or other              be reasonably evident until their work is delivered or delayed. Difficulties in
products and services, or different outsourcers, in order to meet evolving internal       implementing remedial strategies in respect of professional consulting services
company policies and guidelines as well as regulatory requirements. Should we             provided by third parties that are not performed in a proper or timely fashion could
decide, or be required by a governmental authority or otherwise, to terminate our         result in an adverse effect on our ability to comply with various obligations, including
relationship with an existing supplier or outsourcer, this would decrease the             applicable legal and accounting requirements.
number of available


                                                                                                                                                                                95
9 MD&A Business risks

Other examples of risks associated with third-party suppliers and outsourcers             • If existing suppliers do not have appropriate alternative cloud-based products or
include the following:                                                                      services, our ability to complete desired migrations to the cloud could be limited or
• We rely upon the successful implementation and execution of business continuity           delayed
  plans by our product and service suppliers. To the extent that such plans do not        • Failure to maintain strong discipline around vendor administration (especially
  successfully mitigate the impacts of the current global economic uncertainty, the         around initial account setup) may mask potential financial or operational risks and
  COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical events or other events, and our suppliers or              complicate future problem resolutions
  vendors experience operational failures or inventory constraints, such failures or      • If products and services important to our operations have manufacturing defects or
  constraints could result in, or amplify existing, supply chain disruptions that could     do not comply with applicable government regulations and standards (including
  adversely affect our business. Incremental costs, delays or unavailability of             product safety practices), our ability to sell products and provide services on a
  equipment, materials, products or services, as well as unavailability of our              timely basis may be negatively impacted. We work with our suppliers to identify
  suppliers’ or contractors’ employees, could impact sales and execution of our             serious product defects (including safety incidents) and develop appropriate
  strategic imperatives and adversely affect our business and financial results.            remedial strategies, which may include a recall of products. To the extent that a
• The current global economic uncertainty and recent geopolitical events have               supplier does not actively participate in, and/or bear primary financial responsibility
  given rise to inflationary pressures and sharp increases in prices, which could put       for, a recall of its products, our ability to perform such recall programs at a
  increased pressure on purchasing costs                                                    reasonable cost and/or in a timely fashion may be negatively impacted. Any of the
• The insolvency of one or more of our suppliers could cause a breakdown in                 events referred to above could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation
  supply and have an adverse effect on our operations, including our ability to             and financial results.
  make sales or service customers, as well as on our financial results                    • Products (including software) and services supplied to us may contain security
• Demand for products and services available from only a limited number of                  issues including, but not limited to, latent security issues that would not be
  suppliers, some of which dominate their global market, may lead to decreased              apparent upon an inspection. Should we or a supplier fail to correct a security
  availability, increased costs or delays in the delivery of such products and              issue in a timely fashion, there could be an adverse effect on our business,
  services, since suppliers may choose to favour global competitors that are larger         reputation and financial results.
  than we are and, accordingly, purchase a larger volume of products and services.        • We rely on other telecommunications carriers from time to time to deliver services.
  In addition, production issues affecting any such suppliers, or other suppliers,          Should these carriers fail to roll out new networks or fail to upgrade existing
  could result in decreased quantities or a total lack of supply of products or             networks, or should their networks be affected by operational failures or service
  services. Any of these events could adversely impact our ability to meet customer         interruptions, such issues could adversely affect our ability to provide services
  commitments and demand.                                                                   using such carriers’ networks and could, consequently, have an adverse effect on
• A suboptimal outsourcing model could result in the loss of key corporate                  our business, reputation and financial results.
  knowledge, reduced efficiency and effectiveness, and impede agile delivery of           • BCE depends on call centre and technical support services provided by a number
  new products or technology                                                                of external suppliers and outsourcers, some of which are located in foreign
• Cloud-based solutions may increase the risk of security and data leakage                  countries. These vendors have access to customer and internal BCE information
  exposure if security control protocols implemented by our cloud-based partners            necessary for the support services that they provide. Information access and
  or suppliers, or by us where we retain responsibility for such protocols, are             service delivery issues that are not managed appropriately may have an adverse
  inadequate                                                                                impact on our business, reputation, the quality and speed of services provided to
                                                                                            customers, or our ability to address technical issues.


Reputation and ESG practices


Our ability to maintain positive customer relationships is significantly                  There is no assurance that we will succeed in meaningfully integrating ESG
influenced by our reputation                                                              considerations into our business strategy and operations to generate a
                                                                                          positive outcome for stakeholders
Many customers’ choice to purchase our products and services is directly related
to their perception of our company. Accordingly, our ability to maintain positive         While we seek to understand the evolving ESG environment and identify topics and
customer relationships and acquire or retain customers is significantly influenced        activities that may expose us to ESG risks, there is no assurance that we will
by our reputation. The company faces many sources of reputational risks, as               succeed in meaningfully integrating ESG considerations into our business strategy
discussed in this MD&A. Should our perceived or actual outlook, plans, priorities or      and operations to generate positive outcomes for stakeholders. Good ESG practices
actions, or those of our employees or suppliers, fail to align with stakeholders’         are an important measure of corporate performance and value creation. As such, we
expectations, our reputation could be impacted, which could have an adverse               are increasingly under scrutiny to address ESG matters of importance to our
effect on our brand, our ability to retain or attract customers, and more generally on    stakeholders. A wide range of ESG topics have progressively become important
our business, financial condition, liquidity and financial results.                       elements of corporate culture and embracing them reinforces our value proposition
                                                                                          to drive employee attraction and retention. Customers now factor broader
                                                                                          considerations into purchase decisions and look for alignment of personal values
                                                                                          with corporate behaviour.

96   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
9 MD&A Business risks

Investors increasingly link investment decisions to the quality of ESG practices and       not demonstrating our proactive behaviour towards climate change, which could
related disclosed metrics. Legal and regulatory pressures have further intensified         affect customer perception and the cost and availability of funding that has the
in the ESG sphere, including, without limitation, in the areas of privacy,                 potential to be increasingly tied to the quality of our ESG practices and related
accessibility, data governance, climate change and diversity. Accordingly, failure to      disclosed metrics, all of which could have negative financial outcomes.
integrate ESG considerations into our governance activities and effectively
manage ESG risks and opportunities could harm our brand and reputation, and               Furthermore, climate-related events could also impact our suppliers, which in turn
could lead to negative business, financial, legal and regulatory consequences for         could impact our business. Given that some of our third-party suppliers and
the company. Perceived misalignment of our actions with stakeholder expectations          outsourcers are located in foreign countries, localized natural disasters in such
could also harm our brand and reputation and lead to further financial and other          countries could further negatively impact our business.
consequences. Finally, enhanced ESG-related disclosures could increase the                In addition, several areas of our operations raise other environmental
company’s exposure to claims for misrepresentation in the primary or secondary            considerations, such as fuel storage, GHG emissions and energy consumption
market.                                                                                   reduction, waste management, disposal of hazardous residual materials, and
Failure to take appropriate actions to adapt to current and emerging                      recovery and recycling of end-of-life electronic products we sell or lease.
environmental impacts, including climate change, could have an adverse                    Our team members, customers, investors and governments expect that we regard
effect on our business                                                                    environmental protection as an integral part of doing business and that we seek to
We face risks related to environmental events, including climate-related events,          minimize the negative environmental impacts of our operations and create positive
which could impact our operations, service performance, reputation and business           impacts where possible. Failure to recognize and adequately respond to their
continuity, cost of insurance, and more generally have an adverse effect on our           evolving expectations, to take action to reduce our negative impacts on the
business, financial performance and reputation. In particular, climate change poses       environment, to achieve our environmental commitments and to effectively report on
potential risks to our business, our employees, our customers, our suppliers and          environmental matters, could result in fines, and could harm our brand, reputation
outsourcers, and the communities we operate in. Inadequate management of                  and competitiveness, as well as lead to other negative business, financial, legal and
environmental issues associated with our company and our business, as well as             regulatory consequences for the company.
our suppliers and other stakeholders, could also adversely affect our business,           Pandemics, epidemics and other health risks, including health concerns about
financial condition, liquidity, financial results and reputation given the implications   radiofrequency emissions from wireless communications devices and
for the company as well as various stakeholders.                                          equipment, could have an adverse effect on our business
In alignment with the recommendations of the TCFD, we categorize climate-related          In addition to risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic, other pandemics, epidemics
risks into physical and transition risks:                                                 and other health risks could occur, which could adversely affect our ability to
• Physical risks are associated with the physical impacts from a changing climate         maintain operational networks and provide products and services to our customers,
  and can either be event-driven (acute) or longer-term (chronic) shifts in climate       as well as the ability of our suppliers to provide us with products and services we
  patterns. Global climate change could exacerbate certain of the threats facing our      need to operate our business. Any such pandemics, epidemics and other health
  business, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events such as        risks could also have an adverse effect on the economy and financial markets
  ice, snow and wind storms, wildfires, flooding, extended heat waves, hurricanes,        resulting in a declining level of retail and commercial activity, which could have a
  tornadoes and tsunamis. These events could have a destructive impact on our             negative impact on the demand for, and prices of, our products and services.
  telecommunications network infrastructure, which could affect our ability to
  deliver communications services that are critical to our customers and society,         Many studies have been performed or are ongoing to assess whether mobile
  and significantly increase the cost of repairs. In addition, rising mean                communications devices, such as smartphones, as well as wireless networks and
  temperatures and extended heat waves could increase the need for cooling or             towers pose a potential health risk. While some studies suggest links to certain
  heating capacity in our network infrastructure, thus increasing our energy              conditions, others conclude there is no established causation between mobile phone
  consumption and associated costs. In order to enhance our resiliency to these           usage and adverse health effects. The International Agency for Research on Cancer
  increasing or decreasing temperatures, we may need to increase our                      (IARC) of the World Health Organization classified radiofrequency electromagnetic
  investments in our infrastructure, which would lead to increased operational            fields from wireless phones as possibly carcinogenic to humans, but also indicated
  costs.                                                                                  that chance, bias or confounding could not be ruled out with reasonable confidence.
                                                                                          The IARC also called for additional research into long-term heavy use of mobile
• Transition risks are associated with a transition to a lower-carbon economy,            phones.
  which may include extensive regulatory, technology and market changes to
  address mitigation and adaptation requirements related to climate change. These         ISED is responsible for approving radiofrequency equipment and performing
  risks may include increased operational costs driven by the rising price of energy      compliance assessments and has chosen Health Canada’s Safety Code 6, which
  due to carbon pricing regulations and the shifting supply and demand for energy,        sets the limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency emissions at home or at work, as
  increased operational costs related to e-waste treatment programs and                   its exposure standard. This code also outlines safety requirements for the installation
  management systems, reputational risks related to our management of climate-            and operation of devices that emit radiofrequency fields such as mobile
  related issues as well as to our level of disclosure related to such matters. There     communications devices, Wi-Fi technologies and base station antennas. ISED has
  is also a reputational risk of                                                          made compliance to Safety Code 6 mandatory for all proponents and operators of
                                                                                          radio installations.

                                                                                                                                                                              97
9 MD&A Business risks

The following challenges, among others, could result from our business being               Important risk factors that could affect certain of our key ESG targets are set out
heavily dependent on radiofrequency technologies:                                          below.
• We may face lawsuits relating to alleged adverse health effects on customers, as
  well as relating to our marketing and disclosure practices in connection therewith,      GHG emissions reduction and supplier engagement targets
  and the likely outcome of such potential lawsuits is unpredictable and could             Our GHG emissions reduction targets rely in large part on our ability to implement
  change over time                                                                         sufficient corporate and business initiatives in order to reduce GHG emissions to the
                                                                                           desired levels as reflected in such targets. Failure to implement such initiatives
• Changes in scientific evidence and/or public perceptions could lead to additional        according to planned schedules due to changes in business plans, our inability to
  government regulations and costs for retrofitting infrastructure and handsets to         implement requisite operational or technological changes, unavailability of capital,
  achieve compliance                                                                       technologies or employees, cost allocations, actual costs exceeding anticipated
• Public concerns could result in a slower deployment of, or in our inability to           costs, or other factors, or the failure of such initiatives, including of new
  deploy, infrastructure necessary to maintain and/or expand our wireless network          technologies, to generate anticipated GHG emissions reductions, could negatively
  as required by market evolution                                                          affect our ability to achieve our GHG emissions reduction targets. In addition, future
                                                                                           corporate initiatives, such as business acquisitions and organic growth, could
Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and financial             negatively affect our ability to achieve our targets, as would the adoption of new
performance.                                                                               technologies that are carbon enablers or do not generate the anticipated energy
Various social issues, if not adequately managed, could have an adverse                    savings.
effect on our business                                                                     The achievement of our target to be carbon neutral for our operational GHG
Effective management of social risk is a component of good ESG practices.                  emissions starting in 2025 and of our SBTs may require that we purchase carbon
Inadequate management of social issues associated with our company and our                 credits and/or renewable energy certificates, as applicable. Should a sufficient
business, as well as our suppliers and other stakeholders, could adversely affect          quantity of credible credits or certificates be unavailable, should their cost of
our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results and reputation. This may   acquisition be considered too onerous, or should regulations, applicable standards,
include social issues discussed elsewhere in this MD&A such as DEIB, employees’            public perception or other factors limit the number of credits or certificates that we
well-being, health and safety, responsible procurement, as well as other social            can purchase, the achievement of our GHG emission reduction targets could be
issues such as human rights, including Indigenous peoples’ rights, consultation            negatively impacted.
and accommodation, and community acceptance and engagement. Failure to                     A refinement in or modifications to international standards or to the methodology we
sufficiently report on our management of social issues and to achieve our social           use for the calculation of GHG emissions that would result in an increase in our
commitments could harm our brand and reputation, and could lead to negative                GHG emissions could further impact our ability to achieve our targets. In addition, as
business, financial, legal and regulatory consequences for the company.                    it relates to our SBTs specifically, the SBTi requires the recalculation of our targets
There can be no assurance that our corporate governance practices will be                  upon the occurrence of certain events, such as business acquisitions or divestitures,
sufficient to prevent violations of legal and ethical standards                            or to conform to evolving SBTi methodology or standards. A recalculation resulting in
                                                                                           the introduction of more ambitious targets could challenge our ability to achieve such
Our employees, officers, Board members, suppliers and other business partners              updated targets.
are expected to comply with applicable legal and ethical standards including,
without limitation, anti-bribery laws, as well as with our governance policies and         The achievement of our SBTs relating to purchased goods and services could be
contractual obligations. Failure to comply with such laws, policies, standards and         negatively impacted should we fail to achieve the required level of engagement from
contractual obligations could expose us to litigation and significant fines and            our suppliers over which we have no control, despite the engagement measures that
penalties, and result in reputational harm or being disqualified from bidding on           we may implement, or should we change significantly the allocation of our spend by
contracts. While we have developed and implemented strong corporate                        supplier.
governance practices, including through our Code of Business Conduct which is              In addition, we have much less control over the reduction of our scope 3 GHG
updated regularly and subject to an annual review by our team members, there               emissions than over our scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions given that we must
can be no assurance that such practices and measures will be sufficient to prevent         rely on the engagement and collaboration of our suppliers and partners in reducing
violations of legal and ethical standards. Any such failure or violation could have an     their own GHG emissions. Accordingly, failure to obtain our suppliers’ and partners’
adverse effect on our business, financial performance and reputation.                      engagement and collaboration could adversely affect our ability to meet our scope
Various factors could negatively impact our ability to achieve our ESG                     3 GHG emissions reduction target.
targets
                                                                                           DEIB targets
We have set a number of ambitious ESG targets to monitor our ESG performance               Failure to attract and retain a certain level of diverse talent across the organization
and align to our strategic imperatives. However, our ability to achieve these targets      could negatively affect our ability to meet our DEIB targets and objectives. In
depends on many factors and is subject to many risks that could cause our                  addition, our ability to achieve such targets and objectives could also be challenged
assumptions or estimates to be inaccurate and cause actual results or events to            by reduced labour market availability or restricted access to a diverse talent pool.
differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these targets. Failure to
sufficiently address evolving employee, customer, investor and other stakeholder
expectations through achievement of our ESG targets could harm our brand,
reputation and competitiveness, as well as lead to other negative business,
financial, legal and regulatory consequences for the company.

98   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
9 MD&A Business risks


Financial management


If we are unable to raise the capital we need or generate sufficient cash flows             Differences between BCE’s actual or anticipated financial results and the published
from operating activities, we may need to limit our capital expenditures or                 expectations of financial analysts, as well as events affecting our business or
our investments in new businesses, or try to raise capital by disposing of                  operating environment, may contribute to volatility in BCE’s securities. A major
assets                                                                                      decline in the capital markets in general, or an adjustment in the market price or
                                                                                            trading volumes of BCE’s securities, may negatively affect our ability to raise debt or
Our ability to meet our cash requirements, fund capital expenditures and provide            equity capital, retain senior executives and other key employees, make strategic
for planned growth depends on having access to adequate sources of capital and              acquisitions or enter into joint ventures.
on our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities, which is subject to
various risks, including those described in this MD&A.                                      If we cannot access the capital we need or generate cash flows to implement our
                                                                                            business plan or meet our financial obligations on acceptable terms, we may have to
Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity and       limit our ongoing capital expenditures and our investment in new businesses or try to
debt capital markets, the money market, as well as the bank credit market. Our              raise additional capital by selling or otherwise disposing of assets. Any of these
ability to access such markets and the cost and amount of funding available                 could have an adverse effect on our cash flows from operating activities and on our
depend largely on prevailing market conditions and the outlook for our business             growth prospects.
and credit ratings at the time capital is raised.
                                                                                            We cannot guarantee that dividends will be increased or declared
Risk factors such as capital market disruptions, political, economic and financial
market instability in Canada or abroad, government policies, central bank monetary          Increases in the BCE common share dividend and the declaration of dividends on
policies, increasing interest rates, changes to bank capitalization or other                any of BCE’s outstanding shares are subject to the discretion of the BCE Board and,
regulations, reduced bank lending in general or fewer banks as a result of reduced          consequently, there can be no guarantee that the dividend on common shares will
activity or consolidation, could reduce capital available or increase the cost of such      be increased or that dividends will be declared. Dividend increases and the
capital. In addition, an increased level of debt borrowings could result in lower           declaration of dividends by the BCE Board are ultimately dependent on BCE’s
credit ratings, increased borrowing costs and a reduction in the amount of funding          operations and financial results which are, in turn, subject to various assumptions
available to us, including through equity offerings. Business acquisitions and our          and risks, including those set out in this MD&A.
acquisition of wireless spectrum licences could also adversely affect our outlook
and credit ratings and have similar adverse consequences. There is no assurance             We are exposed to various credit, liquidity and market risks
that we will maintain our current credit ratings and a ratings downgrade could result       Our exposure to credit, liquidity and market risks, including equity price, interest rate
in adverse consequences for our funding capacity or our ability to access the               and currency fluctuations, is discussed in section 6.5, Financial risk management of
capital markets. In addition, participants in the public capital and bank credit            this MD&A and in Note 29 to BCE’s 2022 consolidated financial statements.
markets have internal policies limiting their ability to invest in, or extend credit to,
any single entity or entity group or a particular industry. Finally, with increasing        Our failure to identify and manage our exposure to changes in interest rates, foreign
emphasis by the capital markets on ESG performance and reporting, there is a                exchange rates, BCE’s share price and other market conditions could lead to missed
potential for the cost and availability of funding to be increasingly tied to the quality   opportunities, increased costs, reduced profit margins, cash flow shortages, inability
of our ESG practices and related disclosed metrics.                                         to complete planned capital expenditures, reputational damage, equity and debt
                                                                                            securities devaluations, and challenges in raising capital on market-competitive
Our bank credit facilities, including credit facilities supporting our commercial paper     terms.
program, are provided by various financial institutions. While it is our intention to
renew certain of such credit facilities from time to time, there are no assurances          The failure to reduce costs as well as unexpected increases in costs could
that these facilities will be renewed on favourable terms or in similar amounts.            adversely affect our ability to achieve our strategic imperatives and financial
                                                                                            guidance
Global financial markets have experienced, and could again experience, significant
volatility and weakness as a result of market disruptions, such as the                      Our objectives for targeted cost reductions continue to be aggressive but there is no
COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events. The current global economic                      assurance that we will be successful in reducing costs. Examples of risks to our
uncertainty could continue to negatively impact equity and debt capital markets,            ability to reduce costs or limit potential cost increases include the following:
cause interest rate and currency volatility and movements, and adversely affect our         • Increased inflation could continue to result in higher input costs for equipment,
ability to raise financing in the public capital, bank credit and/or commercial paper         products and services, and create increased pressure for wage increases
markets as well as the cost thereof. Additionally, the negative impact of the global
economic uncertainty and potential recession, higher inflation and higher interest          • Increased costs related to the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events could
rates on our customers’ financial condition could adversely affect our ability to             continue for an undetermined period of time
recover payment of receivables from customers and lead to further increases in              • Increased interest rates could continue to negatively impact our cost of financing
bad debts, thereby negatively affecting our revenues and cash flows, as well as
our position under our securitized receivables program.                                     • Our cost reduction objectives require aggressive negotiations with our suppliers
                                                                                              and there can be no assurance that such negotiations will be successful or that
                                                                                              replacement products or services provided will not lead to operational issues


                                                                                                                                                                                   99
9 MD&A Business risks

• As suppliers continue to shorten software life cycles, the cost of seeking to          based on all of the information that is currently available, the calculation of income
  maintain adequate information security increases                                       taxes and the applicability of commodity taxes in many cases require significant
• Achieving timely cost reductions while moving to an IP-based network is                judgment in interpreting tax rules and regulations. Our tax filings are subject to
  dependent on disciplined network decommissioning, which can be delayed by              government audits that could result in material changes to the amount of current and
  customer contractual commitments, regulatory considerations and other                  deferred income tax assets and liabilities and other liabilities and could, in certain
  unforeseen obstacles                                                                   circumstances, result in an assessment of interest and penalties.

• Failure to contain growing operational costs related to network sites, network         A number of factors could impact our financial statements and estimates
  performance and resiliency, footprint expansion, spectrum licences, insurance
                                                                                         We base our estimates on a number of factors, including but not limited to historical
  and content and equipment acquisition could have a negative effect on our
                                                                                         experience, current events such as the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, economic
  financial performance
                                                                                         and financial market conditions such as higher interest rates and inflation, supply
• In addition to the current global economic uncertainty and recent geopolitical         chain disruptions and the increasing risk of recession, and actions that the company
  events, which have given rise to sharp increases in energy prices, fluctuations in     may undertake in the future, as well as other assumptions that we believe are
  energy prices are further partly influenced by government policies to address          reasonable under the circumstances. A change in these assumptions may have an
  climate change such as carbon pricing which, combined with growing data                impact on our financial statements including but not limited to impairment testing, fair
  demand that increases our energy requirements, could increase our energy costs         value determination, expected credit losses and discount rates used for the present
  beyond our current expectations                                                        value of cash flows. By their nature, these estimates and judgments are subject to
• Failure to successfully deliver on our contractual commitments, whether due to         measurement uncertainty and actual results could differ.
  security events, operational challenges or other reasons, may result in financial      The economic environment, pension rules or ineffective governance could
  penalties and loss of revenues                                                         have an adverse effect on our pension obligations, and we may be required to
The failure to evolve practices to effectively monitor and control fraudulent            increase contributions to our post-employment benefit plans
activities could result in financial loss and brand degradation                          With a large pension plan membership and DB pension plans that are subject to the
As a public company with a range of desirable and valuable products and services         pressures of the global economic environment and changing regulatory and
and a large number of employees, BCE requires a disciplined program covering             reporting requirements, our pension obligations are exposed to potential volatility.
governance, exposure identification and assessment, prevention, detection and            Failure to recognize and manage economic exposure and pension rule changes, or
reporting that considers corruption, misappropriation of assets and intentional          to ensure that effective governance is in place for the management and funding of
manipulation of financial statements by employees and/or external parties. The           pension plan assets and obligations, could have an adverse impact on our liquidity
current global economic uncertainty could further result in increased fraud              and financial performance.
activities, which could result in financial loss and brand degradation.                  The funding requirements of our post-employment benefit plans, based on
Specific examples relevant to us include:                                                valuations of plan assets and obligations, depend on a number of factors, including
                                                                                         actual returns on post-employment benefit plan assets, long-term interest rates, plan
• Copyright theft and other forms of unauthorized use that undermine the                 demographics, and applicable regulations and actuarial standards. Changes in these
  exclusivity of Bell Media’s content offerings, which could divert users to             factors, including changes caused by the current global economic uncertainty, the
  unlicensed or otherwise illegitimate platforms, thus impacting our ability to derive   COVID-19 pandemic and recent geopolitical events, could cause future contributions
  distribution and advertising revenues                                                  to significantly differ from our current estimates, require us to increase contributions
• Subscription fraud on accounts established with a false identity or paid with a        to our post-employment benefit plans in the future and, therefore, have a negative
  stolen credit card                                                                     effect on our liquidity and financial performance.
• Fraudulent (unauthorized) access to, and manipulation of, customer accounts,           There is no assurance that the assets of our post-employment benefit plans will earn
  including through sim-swap and port out fraud                                          their assumed rate of return. A substantial portion of our post-employment benefit
• Network usage fraud such as call/sell operations using our wireline or wireless        plans’ assets is invested in public and private equity and debt securities. As a result,
  networks                                                                               the ability of our post-employment benefit plans’ assets to earn the rate of return that
                                                                                         we have assumed depends significantly on the performance of capital markets.
• Ongoing efforts to steal the services of TV distributors, including Bell Canada and    Market conditions also impact the discount rate used to calculate our pension plan
  ExpressVu, through compromise or circumvention of signal security systems,             solvency obligations and could therefore also significantly affect our cash funding
  causing revenue loss                                                                   requirements.
Income and commodity tax amounts may materially differ from the expected
amounts
Our complex business operations are subject to various tax laws. The adoption of
new tax laws, or regulations or rules thereunder, or changes thereto or in the
interpretation thereof, could result in higher tax rates, new taxes or other adverse
tax implications. In addition, while we believe that we have adequately provided for
all income and commodity taxes


100   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
10 MD&A Accounting policies


10 Accounting policies
This section discusses key estimates and assumptions that management has made and how they affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
notes. It also describes key changes in accounting standards and our accounting policies, and how they affect our financial statements.
We have prepared our consolidated financial statements using IFRS. Other significant accounting policies, not involving the same level of measurement
uncertainty as those discussed in this section, are nevertheless important to an understanding of our financial statements. See Note 2, Significant accounting
policies, in BCE’s 2022 consolidated financial statements for more information about the accounting principles we used to prepare our consolidated financial
statements.


Critical accounting estimates and key judgments
When preparing the financial statements, management makes estimates and                 The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible
judgments relating to:                                                                  assets are determined by internal asset life studies, which take into account actual
• reported amounts of revenues and expenses                                             and expected future usage, physical wear and tear, replacement history and
                                                                                        assumptions about technology evolution. When factors indicate that assets’ useful
• reported amounts of assets and liabilities                                            lives are different from the prior assessment, we depreciate or amortize the
• disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities                                       remaining carrying value prospectively over the adjusted estimated useful lives.
We base our estimates on a number of factors, including but not limited to
historical experience, current events such as the effects of the                        Post-employment benefit plans
COVID-19 pandemic, economic and financial market conditions such as higher              The amounts reported in the financial statements relating to DB pension plans and
interest rates and inflation, supply chain disruptions and the increasing risk of       OPEBs are determined using actuarial calculations that are based on several
recession, and actions that the company may undertake in the future, as well as         assumptions.
other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. A
change in these assumptions may have an impact on our financial statements              Our actuaries perform a valuation at least every three years to determine the
including but not limited to impairment testing, fair value determination, expected     actuarial present value of the accrued DB pension plan and OPEB obligations. The
credit losses and discount rates used for the present value of cash flows. By their     actuarial valuation uses management’s assumptions for, among other things, the
nature, these estimates and judgments are subject to measurement uncertainty            discount rate, life expectancy, the rate of compensation increase, cost of living
and actual results could differ.                                                        indexation rate, trends in healthcare costs and expected average remaining years of
                                                                                        service of employees.
We consider the estimates and judgments described in this section to be an
important part of understanding our financial statements because they require           While we believe that these assumptions are reasonable, differences in actual
management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the          results or changes in assumptions could materially affect post-employment benefit
time the estimates and judgments were made, and changes to these estimates              obligations and future net post-employment benefit plans cost.
and judgments could have a material impact on our financial statements and our
                                                                                        We account for differences between actual and expected results in benefit
segments.
                                                                                        obligations and plan performance in OCI, which are then recognized immediately in
Our senior management has reviewed the development and selection of the critical        the deficit.
accounting estimates and judgments described in this section with the Audit
                                                                                        The most significant assumptions used to calculate the net post-employment benefit
Committee of the BCE Board.
                                                                                        plans cost are the discount rate and life expectancy.
Any sensitivity analysis included in this section should be used with caution as the
                                                                                        A discount rate is used to determine the present value of the future cash flows that
changes are hypothetical and the impact of changes in each key assumption may
                                                                                        we expect will be needed to settle post-employment benefit obligations.
not be linear.
                                                                                        The discount rate is based on the yield on long-term, high-quality corporate fixed
Our more significant estimates and judgments are described below.
                                                                                        income investments, with maturities matching the estimated cash flows of the post-
                                                                                        employment benefit plans. Life expectancy is based on publicly available Canadian
Estimates                                                                               mortality tables and is adjusted for the company’s specific experience.
Useful lives of property, plant and equipment                                           A lower discount rate and a higher life expectancy result in a higher net post-
and finite-life intangible assets                                                       employment benefit obligation and a higher current service cost.
We review our estimates of the useful lives of property, plant and equipment and
finite-life intangible assets on an annual basis and adjust depreciation or
amortization on a prospective basis, as required.
Property, plant and equipment represent a significant proportion of our total assets.
Changes in technology or our intended use of these assets, climate change and
our environmental, social and corporate governance initiatives as well as changes
in business prospects or economic and industry factors, may cause the estimated
useful lives of these assets to change.


                                                                                                                                                                          101
10 MD&A Accounting policies

Sensitivity analysis
The following table shows a sensitivity analysis of key assumptions used to measure the net post-employment benefit obligations and the net post-employment benefit plans
cost for our DB pension plans and OPEB plans.

                                                                                                              Impact on net post-employment            Impact on post-employment benefit
                                                                                                                benefit plans cost for 2022 –          obligations at December 31, 2022 –
                                                                                                                   increase/(decrease)                          increase/(decrease)

                                                                                              Change in         Increase in            Decrease in         Increase in           Decrease in
                                                                                             assumption         assumption             assumption          assumption            assumption

Discount rate                                                                                     0.5%                 (83)                     72             (1,022)                 1,123
Cost of living indexation rate                                                                    0.5%                  46                      (38)              907                   (752)
Life expectancy at age 65                                                                       1 year                  29                      (31)              612                   (634)


Revenue from contracts with customers                                                      intangible assets for program and feature film rights. The impairment was
                                                                                           determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to their fair value less cost
We are required to make estimates that affect the amount of revenue from                   of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the CGUs using the discounted cash flow
contracts with customers, including estimating the stand-alone selling prices of           valuation models, which include five-year cash flow projections derived from
products and services.                                                                     business plans reviewed by senior management for the period of October 1, 2022 to
For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and services when             December 31, 2027, using a discount rate of 10.3% and a perpetuity growth rate of
they are separately identifiable and the customer can benefit from the product or          0.5%. After impairments, the carrying value of our impacted CGUs was $109 million.
service on its own or with other readily available resources. The total arrangement        Additionally in 2022, we recorded impairment charges of $132 million related mainly
consideration is allocated to each product or service included in the contract with        to right-of-use assets for certain office spaces we ceased using as part of our real
the customer based on its stand-alone selling price. We generally determine stand-         estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.
alone selling prices based on the observable prices at which we sell products
separately without a service contract and prices for non-bundled service offers with       During the second quarter of 2021, we identified indicators of impairment for our Bell
the same range of services, adjusted for market conditions and other factors, as           Media radio markets, notably a decline in advertising revenue and an increase in the
appropriate. When similar products and services are not sold separately, we use            discount rate resulting from the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
the expected cost plus margin approach to determine stand-alone selling prices.            Accordingly, impairment testing was required for our group of radio CGUs.
Products and services purchased by a customer in excess of those included in the
bundled arrangement are accounted for separately.                                          During Q2 2021, we recognized $163 million of impairment charges for various radio
                                                                                           markets within our Bell Media segment. These charges included $150 million
                                                                                           allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences, and $13 million to
Impairment of non-financial assets                                                         property, plant and equipment mainly for buildings and network infrastructure and
Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually or       equipment. They were determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to
when there is an indication that the asset may be impaired. Property, plant and            their fair value less cost of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the CGUs using
equipment and finite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment if events or         both discounted cash flows and market-based valuation models, which include
changes in circumstances, assessed at each reporting period, indicate that their           five-year cash flow projections derived from business plans reviewed by senior
carrying amount may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing,             management for the period of July 1, 2021 to December 31, 2026, using a discount
assets other than goodwill are grouped at the lowest level for which there are             rate of 8.5% and a perpetuity growth rate of (2.0%), as well as market multiple data
separately identifiable cash inflows.                                                      from public companies and market transactions. After impairments, the carrying
                                                                                           value of our group of radio CGUs was $235 million.
Impairment losses are recognized and measured as the excess of the carrying
value of the assets over their recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount           Goodwill impairment testing
is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Previously
recognized impairment losses, other than those attributable to goodwill, are               We perform an annual test for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter for each of
reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date and, if the asset’s                  our CGUs or groups of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated, and whenever there is
recoverable amount has increased, all or a portion of the impairment is reversed.          an indication that goodwill might be impaired.
We make a number of estimates when calculating recoverable amounts using                   A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that
discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods to test for impairment.            are independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.
These estimates include the assumed growth rates for future cash flows, the
number of years used in the cash flow model and the discount rate. When                    We identify any potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of a CGU or
impairment charges occur they are recorded in Impairment of assets.                        group of CGUs to its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of a CGU or
                                                                                           group of CGUs is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in
During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized $147 million of impairment                use. Both fair value less costs of disposal and value in use are based on estimates
charges for French TV channels within our Bell Media segment. The impairment               of discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods. Cash flows are projected
charges were the result of a reduction in advertising demand in the industry               based on past experience, actual operating results and business plans, including
resulting from global economic uncertainties and unfavourable impacts to                   any impact from rising interest rates and inflation. When the recoverable amount of a
assumptions for discount rates. These charges included $94 million allocated to            CGU or group of CGUs is less than its carrying value, the
indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences, and $53 million to finite-life

102    BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
10 MD&A Accounting policies

recoverable amount is determined for its identifiable assets and liabilities. The         published price quotations or by using other valuation techniques that may include
excess of the recoverable amount of the CGU or group of CGUs over the total of            inputs that are not based on observable market data, such as discounted cash flows
the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities is the recoverable amount of           and earnings multiples.
goodwill.
An impairment charge is recognized in Impairment of assets in the income                  Contingencies
statements for any excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its recoverable          In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal
amount. For purposes of impairment testing of goodwill, our CGUs or groups of             proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. Pending claims and legal
CGUs correspond to our reporting segments as disclosed in Note 3, Segmented               proceedings represent a potential cost to our business. We estimate the amount of a
information, in BCE’s 2022 consolidated financial statements.                             loss by analyzing potential outcomes and assuming various litigation and settlement
                                                                                          strategies, based on information that is available at the time.
Any significant change in each of the estimates used could have a material impact
on the calculation of the recoverable amount and resulting impairment charge. As a        If the final resolution of a legal or regulatory matter results in a judgment against us
result, we are unable to reasonably quantify the changes in our overall financial         or requires us to pay a large settlement, it could have a material adverse effect on
performance if we had used different assumptions.                                         our consolidated financial statements in the period in which the judgment or
                                                                                          settlement occurs.
We cannot predict whether an event that triggers impairment will occur, when it will
occur or how it will affect the asset values we have reported.
                                                                                          Onerous contracts
We believe that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions on which
the estimates of recoverable amounts of the Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline groups        A provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the unavoidable costs of
of CGUs are based would not cause their carrying amounts to exceed their                  meeting our obligations under a contract exceed the expected benefits to be
recoverable amounts.                                                                      received under the contract. The provision is measured at the present value of the
                                                                                          lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of
For the Bell Media group of CGUs, a decrease of (0.9%) in the perpetuity growth           completing the contract.
rate or an increase of 0.6% in the discount rate would have resulted in its
recoverable amount being equal to its carrying value.                                     Judgments
There were no goodwill impairment charges in 2022 or 2021.                                Post-employment benefit plans
Deferred taxes                                                                            The determination of the discount rate used to value our post-employment benefit
                                                                                          obligations requires judgment. The rate is set by reference to market yields of long-
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected     term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments at the beginning of each fiscal
to apply when the asset or liability is recovered or settled. Both our current and        year. Significant judgment is required when setting the criteria for fixed income
deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated using tax rates that have been         investments to be included in the population from which the yield curve is derived.
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.                                   The most significant criteria considered for the selection of investments include the
                                                                                          size of the issue and credit quality, along with the identification of outliers, which are
Deferred taxes are provided on temporary differences arising from investments in          excluded.
subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates, except where we control the
timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the
temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.                          Income taxes
                                                                                          The calculation of income taxes requires judgment in interpreting tax rules and
The amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities are estimated with consideration
                                                                                          regulations. There are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
given to the timing, sources and amounts of future taxable income.
                                                                                          determination is uncertain. Our tax filings are also subject to audits, the outcome of
                                                                                          which could change the amount of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities.
Leases                                                                                    Management believes that it has sufficient amounts accrued for outstanding tax
The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make estimates that affect the                  matters based on information that currently is available.
measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities, including determining the             Management judgment is used to determine the amounts of deferred tax assets and
appropriate discount rate used to measure lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are        liabilities to be recognized. In particular, judgment is required when assessing the
initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at        timing of the reversal of temporary differences to which future income tax rates are
the commencement date, discounted using our incremental borrowing rate, unless            applied.
the rate implicit in the lease is readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate
is derived from publicly available risk-free interest rates, adjusted for applicable
credit spreads and lease terms. We apply a single incremental borrowing rate to a         Leases
portfolio of leases with similar characteristics.                                         The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make judgments that affect the
                                                                                          measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities. A lease contract conveys the right
Fair value of financial instruments                                                       to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
                                                                                          consideration. At inception of the contract, we assess whether the contract contains
Certain financial instruments, such as investments in equity securities, derivative       an identified asset, whether we have the right to obtain substantially all of the
financial instruments and certain elements of borrowings, are carried in the              economic benefits from use of the asset and whether we have the right to direct how
statements of financial position at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in   and for what purpose the asset is used. In determining the lease term, we include
the income statements and the statements of comprehensive income. Fair values             periods covered by renewal options when we are reasonably certain to exercise
are estimated by reference to                                                             those options. Similarly, we include periods covered by termination options when we
                                                                                          are reasonably certain not to exercise

                                                                                                                                                                                103
10 MD&A Accounting policies

those options. To assess if we are reasonably certain to exercise an option, we                      costs of obtaining a contract with a customer, principally comprised of sales
consider all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise                   commissions, and prepaid contract fulfillment costs are included in contract costs in
renewal options (or not exercise termination options). Economic incentives include                   the statements of financial position, except where the amortization period is one year
the costs related to the termination of the lease, the significance of any leasehold                 or less, in which case costs of obtaining a contract are immediately expensed.
improvements and the importance of the underlying assets to our operations.                          Capitalized costs are amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the
                                                                                                     period and pattern of transfer to the customer of the related products or services.
Revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                                                     CGUs
The identification of performance obligations within a contract and the timing of
satisfaction of performance obligations under long-term contracts requires                           The determination of CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose of impairment testing
judgment. For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and                           requires judgment.
services when they are separately identifiable and the customer can benefit from
the product or service on its own or with other readily available resources. When                    Contingencies
our right to consideration from a customer corresponds directly with the value to
the customer of the products and services transferred to date, we recognize                          The determination of whether a loss is probable from claims and legal proceedings
revenue in the amount to which we have a right to invoice. We recognize product                      and whether an outflow of resources is likely requires judgment.
revenues from the sale of wireless handsets and devices and wireline equipment                       We accrue a potential loss if we believe a loss is probable and an outflow of
when a customer takes possession of the product. We recognize service revenues                       resources is likely and can be reasonably estimated, based on information that is
over time, as the services are provided. Revenues on certain long-term contracts                     available at the time. Any accrual would be charged to earnings and included in
are recognized using output methods based on products delivered, performance                         Trade payables and other liabilities or Other non-current liabilities. Any payment as a
completed to date, time elapsed or milestones met.                                                   result of a judgment or cash settlement would be deducted from cash from operating
Additionally, the determination of costs to obtain a contract, including the                         activities. We estimate the amount of a loss by analyzing potential outcomes and
identification of incremental costs, also requires judgment. Incremental                             assuming various litigation and settlement strategies.



Adoption of amended accounting standards
As required, we adopted the following amendments and clarifications to accounting standards issued by the IASB.

Standard                             Description                                                 Impact

Onerous Contracts – Cost of          These amendments clarify which costs should be              These amendments were adopted effective January 1, 2022 and did not have a significant impact on
Fulfilling a Contract, Amendments    included in determining the cost of fulfilling a contract   our financial statements.
to IAS 37 – Provisions, Contingent   when assessing whether a contract is onerous.
Liabilities and Contingent Assets

IFRIC Agenda Decision on Demand      In April 2022, IFRIC issued an agenda decision              In 2022, we applied this agenda decision retrospectively to each prior period presented, the impact
Deposits with Restrictions on        clarifying that an entity should present a demand           of which was limited to the classification of funding of $97 million received in Q1 2021 under a
Use arising from a Contract with     deposit with restrictions on use arising from a contract    subsidy agreement with the Government of Québec. The application of this agenda decision resulted
a Third Party (IAS 7 – Statement     with a third party as cash and cash equivalents in the      in the following:
of Cash Flows)                       statements of financial position and cash flows, unless
                                                                                                 • an increase in Cash of $82 million with a corresponding decrease in Other current assets in the
                                     those restrictions change the nature of the deposit
                                                                                                  statement of financial position as at December 31, 2021
                                     such that it no longer meets the definition of cash in
                                     IAS 7.                                                      • an increase in Capital expenditures and Other financing activities of ($15) million and $97 million,
                                                                                                  respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021 in the statement of cash flows
                                                                                                 • no impact in the statement of financial position as at January 1, 2021 as the funding was received
                                                                                                  in Q1 2021.




Future changes to accounting standards
The following amendments to standards issued by the IASB have an effective date after December 31, 2022 and have not yet been adopted by BCE.

Standard                             Description                                                 Impact                                                 Effective date

Disclosure of Accounting             These amendments require that entities disclose             We are currently assessing the impact of these         Effective for annual reporting periods
Policies – Amendments to             material accounting policies, as defined, instead of        amendments on the disclosure of our accounting         beginning on or after January 1, 2023. Early
IAS 1 – Presentation                 significant accounting policies.                            policies.                                              application is permitted.
of Financial Statements

104    BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)


11 Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial
   measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)
BCE uses various financial measures to assess its business performance. Certain                  • Non-GAAP ratios;
of these measures are calculated in accordance with International Financial                      • Total of segments measures;
Reporting Standards (IFRS or GAAP) while certain other measures do not have a
standardized meaning under GAAP. We believe that our GAAP financial measures,                    • Capital management measures; and
read together with adjusted non-GAAP and other financial measures, provide                       • Supplementary financial measures.
readers with a better understanding of how management assesses BCE’s
performance.                                                                                     This section provides a description and classification of the specified financial
                                                                                                 measures contemplated by NI 52-112 that we use to explain our financial results
National Instrument 52-112, Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure                     except that, for supplementary financial measures, an explanation of such measures
(NI 52-112), prescribes disclosure requirements that apply to the following                      is provided where they are first referred to in this MD&A if the supplementary
specified financial measures:                                                                    financial measures’ labelling is not sufficiently descriptive.
• Non-GAAP financial measures;




11.1 Non-GAAP financial measures
A non-GAAP financial measure is a financial measure used to depict our historical                non-GAAP financial measures are reflective of our ongoing operating results and
or expected future financial performance, financial position or cash flow and, with              provide readers with an understanding of management’s perspective on and
respect to its composition, either excludes an amount that is included in, or                    analysis of our performance.
includes an amount that is excluded from, the composition of the most directly
comparable financial measure disclosed in BCE’s consolidated primary financial                   Below are descriptions of the non-GAAP financial measures that we use to explain
statements. We believe that                                                                      our results as well as reconciliations to the most comparable IFRS financial
                                                                                                 measures.


Adjusted net earnings
The term adjusted net earnings does not have any standardized meaning under                      of our businesses without the effects of severance, acquisition and other costs, net
IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by                mark-to-market losses (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity
other issuers.                                                                                   settled share-based compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on investments in
                                                                                                 associates and joint ventures, net losses (gains) on investments, early debt
We define adjusted net earnings as net earnings attributable to common                           redemption costs, impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net of tax and
shareholders before severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market                   NCI. We exclude these items because they affect the comparability of our financial
losses (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-                   results and could potentially distort the analysis of trends in business performance.
based compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on investments in associates                 Excluding these items does not imply they are non-recurring.
and joint ventures, net losses (gains) on investments, early debt redemption costs,
impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net of tax and NCI.                            The most directly comparable IFRS financial measure is net earnings attributable to
                                                                                                 common shareholders.
We use adjusted net earnings and we believe that certain investors and analysts
use this measure, among other ones, to assess the performance

The following table is a reconciliation of net earnings attributable to common shareholders to adjusted net earnings on a consolidated basis.

                                                                                                                       Q4 2022           Q4 2021              2022              2021

Net earnings attributable to common shareholders                                                                          528               625              2,716             2,709
Reconciling items:
   Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                  19                63                 94               209
   Net mark-to-market (gains) losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
      compensation plans                                                                                                   (27)              (57)               53              (278)
   Net equity losses on investments in associates and joint ventures                                                        –                35                 42                49
   Net losses (gains) on investments                                                                                       29                  6               (24)                6
   Early debt redemption costs                                                                                              –                  –                18                53
   Impairment of assets                                                                                                   150                30                279               197
   Income taxes for the above reconciling items                                                                           (37)                (9)             (117)              (48)
   NCI for the above reconciling items                                                                                      (8)               (1)               (4)               (2)

Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                     654               692              3,057             2,895

                                                                                                                                                                                  105
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)


Adjusted net interest expense
The term adjusted net earnings does not have any standardized meaning under             The most directly comparable IFRS financial measure is net interest expense. The
IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by       following table is a reconciliation of net interest expense to adjusted net interest
other issuers.                                                                          expense on a consolidated basis.
We define adjusted net interest expense as twelve-month trailing net interest                                                                                             2022                  2021
expense as shown in our consolidated statements of cash flows, plus 50% of
                                                                                        Net interest expense                                                            1,124                  1,063
twelve-month trailing net earnings attributable to preferred shareholders as shown
in our consolidated income statements.                                                  50% of net earnings attributable to preferred
                                                                                          shareholders                                                                      76                    66
We use adjusted net interest expense as a component in the calculation of the
adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio, which is a capital              Adjusted net interest expense                                                   1,200                  1,129
management measure. For further details on the adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net
interest expense ratio, see section 11.4 – Capital management measures. We use,
and believe that certain investors and analysts use, the adjusted EBITDA to
adjusted net interest expense ratio, among other measures, to evaluate the
financial health of the company.



Available liquidity
The term available liquidity does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS.         We consider available liquidity to be an important indicator of the financial strength
Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other       and performance of our businesses because it shows the funds available to meet
issuers.                                                                                our cash requirements, including for, but not limited to, capital expenditures, post-
                                                                                        employment benefit plans funding, dividend payments, the payment of contractual
In Q3 2022, we updated our definition of available liquidity to exclude amounts         obligations, maturing debt, ongoing operations, the acquisition of spectrum, and
available under committed credit facilities that may only be used for a                 other cash requirements. We believe that certain investors and analysts use
pre-determined purpose given that such amounts are not for general use by our           available liquidity to evaluate the financial strength and performance of our
businesses. This update was made subsequent to a new committed non-revolving            businesses. The most directly comparable IFRS financial measure is cash.
credit facility entered into in Q3 2022 that must exclusively be used to partly fund
the expansion of our broadband networks as part of government subsidy                   The following table is a reconciliation of cash to available liquidity on a consolidated
programs. See section 6.7, Liquidity for additional details. This change does not       basis.
impact the available liquidity amounts previously presented.
                                                                                                                                                           December 31, 2022      December 31, 2021
We define available liquidity as cash, cash equivalents and amounts available
                                                                                        Cash                                                                                99                   289
under our securitized receivables program and our committed bank credit facilities,
excluding credit facilities that are available exclusively for a pre-determined         Cash equivalents                                                                    50                      –
purpose.                                                                                Amounts available under our securitized receivables
                                                                                          program (1)                                                                     700                    400
                                                                                        Amounts available under our committed bank credit
                                                                                          facilities (2)                                                                2,651                  2,789
                                                                                        Available liquidity                                                             3,500                  3,478

                                                                                        (1) At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, $700 million and $400 million was available
                                                                                            under our securitized receivables program, under which we borrowed $1,173 million in U.S. dollars
                                                                                            ($1,588 million in Canadian dollars) and $900 million in Canadian dollars as at December 31, 2022 and
                                                                                            December 31, 2021, respectively. Loans secured by receivables are included in Debt due within one year in
                                                                                            our consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                        (2) At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, $2,651 million and $2,789 million were
                                                                                            available under our committed bank credit facilities, given outstanding commercial paper of $627 million in
                                                                                            U.S. dollars ($849 million in Canadian dollars) and $561 million in U.S. dollars ($711 million in Canadian
                                                                                            dollars) as at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Commercial paper outstanding is
                                                                                            included in Debt due within one year in our consolidated financial statements.


106   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)


Free cash flow and excess free cash flow
The terms free cash flow and excess free cash flow do not have any standardized           We define excess free cash flow as free cash flow less dividends paid on common
meaning under IFRS. Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar              shares.
measures presented by other issuers.
                                                                                          We consider free cash flow and excess free cash flow to be important indicators of
We define free cash flow as cash flows from operating activities, excluding cash          the financial strength and performance of our businesses. Free cash flow shows how
from discontinued operations, acquisition and other costs paid (which include             much cash is available to pay dividends on common shares, repay debt and reinvest
significant litigation costs) and voluntary pension funding, less capital expenditures,   in our company. Excess free cash flow shows how much cash is available to repay
preferred share dividends and dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI. We exclude           debt and reinvest in our company, after the payment of dividends on common
cash from discontinued operations, acquisition and other costs paid and voluntary         shares. We believe that certain investors and analysts use free cash flow and
pension funding because they affect the comparability of our financial results and        excess free cash flow to value a business and its underlying assets and to evaluate
could potentially distort the analysis of trends in business performance. Excluding       the financial strength and performance of our businesses. The most directly
these items does not imply they are non-recurring.                                        comparable IFRS financial measure is cash flows from operating activities.

The following tables provide reconciliations of cash flows from operating activities to free cash flow and excess free cash flow on a consolidated basis.

                                                                                                     2022            Q4 2022        Q3 2022             Q2 2022              Q1 2022

Cash flows from operating activities                                                              8,365               2,056           1,996               2,597                1,716
Capital expenditures                                                                             (5,133)             (1,638)         (1,317)             (1,219)                (959)
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                              (136)              (42)            (27)                 (34)                (33)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI                                                            (39)                (3)           (11)                 (14)                 (11)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                      10                  3               1                    3                   3

Free cash flow                                                                                    3,067                 376            642                1,333                  716
Dividends paid on common shares                                                                  (3,312)               (839)           (839)                (839)               (795)

Excess free cash flow                                                                                (245)             (463)           (197)                494                  (79)


                                                                                  2021           Q4 2021             Q3 2021        Q2 2021             Q1 2021                 2020

Cash flows from operating activities                                             8,008            1,743               1,774           2,499               1,992                7,754
Capital expenditures                                                            (4,852)          (1,466)             (1,164)         (1,210)             (1,012)              (4,202)
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                           (125)               (32)              (31)            (31)                 (31)               (132)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI                                         (86)               (45)              (13)            (15)                 (13)                (53)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                    35                29                  –               2                    4                  35
Cash from discontinued operations (included in cash flows from
  operating activities)                                                              –                  –                 –               –                    –                 (54)

Free cash flow                                                                   2,980               229                566           1,245                 940                3,348
Dividends paid on common shares                                                 (3,132)              (795)             (793)           (791)                (753)             (2,975)

Excess free cash flow                                                             (152)              (566)             (227)           454                  187                  373




Net debt
The term net debt does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS.                      Net debt is calculated using several asset and liability categories from the
Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other         statements of financial position. The most directly comparable IFRS financial
issuers.                                                                                  measure is long-term debt. The following table is a reconciliation of long-term debt to
                                                                                          net debt on a consolidated basis.
We define net debt as debt due within one year plus long-term debt and 50% of
preferred shares, less cash and cash equivalents, as shown in BCE’s consolidated                                                               December 31, 2022    December 31, 2021
statements of financial position. We include 50% of outstanding preferred shares in
                                                                                          Long-term debt                                                 27,783               27,048
our net debt as it is consistent with the treatment by certain credit rating agencies.
                                                                                          Debt due within one year                                        4,137                2,625
We consider net debt to be an important indicator of the company’s financial              50% of preferred shares                                         1,935                2,002
leverage because it represents the amount of debt that is not covered by available
cash and cash equivalents. We believe that certain investors and analysts use net         Cash                                                               (99)               (289)
debt to determine a company’s financial leverage.                                         Cash equivalents                                                   (50)                  –

                                                                                          Net debt                                                       33,706               31,386



                                                                                                                                                                                  107
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)



11.2 Non-GAAP ratios
A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure disclosed in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation and that has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or
more of its components.


Adjusted EPS
The term adjusted EPS does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS.                businesses without the effects of severance, acquisition and other costs, net
Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other       mark-to-market losses (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity
issuers.                                                                                settled share-based compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on investments in
                                                                                        associates and joint ventures, net losses (gains) on investments, early debt
We define adjusted EPS as adjusted net earnings per BCE common share.                   redemption costs, impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net of tax and
Adjusted net earnings is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further details on           NCI. We exclude these items because they affect the comparability of our financial
adjusted net earnings, see section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures.                   results and could potentially distort the analysis of trends in business performance.
We use adjusted EPS, and we believe that certain investors and analysts use this        Excluding these items does not imply they are non-recurring.
measure, among other ones, to assess the performance of our


Dividend payout ratio
The term dividend payout ratio does not have any standardized meaning under             measure. For further details on free cash flow, see section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial
IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by       measures.
other issuers.
                                                                                        We consider dividend payout ratio to be an important indicator of the financial
We define dividend payout ratio as dividends paid on common shares divided by           strength and performance of our businesses because it shows the sustainability of
free cash flow. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial                                  the company’s dividend payments.




11.3 Total of segments measures
A total of segments measure is a financial measure that is a subtotal or total of 2 or more reportable segments and is disclosed within the Notes to BCE’s consolidated
primary financial statements.


Adjusted EBITDA
We define adjusted EBITDA as operating revenues less operating costs as shown in BCE’s consolidated income statements.
The most directly comparable IFRS financial measure is net earnings. The following tables provide reconciliations of net earnings to adjusted EBITDA on a consolidated
basis.

                                                                                                2022          Q4 2022            Q3 2022           Q2 2022           Q1 2022

Net earnings                                                                                  2,926               567               771               654               934
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                           94                19                22                40                13
Depreciation                                                                                  3,660               922               914               933               891
Amortization                                                                                  1,063               270               267               266               260
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                           1,146               319               298               269               260
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                                   (51)             (13)              (13)                (7)             (18)
Impairment of assets                                                                            279               150                21               106                 2
Other expense (income)                                                                          115               (19)              130                97               (93)
Income taxes                                                                                    967               222               178               232               335

Adjusted EBITDA                                                                              10,199             2,437             2,588             2,590             2,584

108    BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)

                                                                              2021            Q4 2021          Q3 2021           Q2 2021           Q1 2021             2020

Net earnings                                                                 2,892               658              813               734               687             2,473
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                         209                63               50                 7                89               116
Depreciation                                                                 3,627               925              902               905               895             3,475
Amortization                                                                   982               251              245               248               238               929
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                          1,082               275              272               268               267             1,110
   Net interest on post-employment benefit plans                                20                    5             5                 5                 5                46
Impairment of assets                                                           197                30                –               164                 3               472
Other (income) expense                                                        (160)              (26)             (35)              (91)                (8)             194
Income taxes                                                                 1,044               249              306               236               253               792

Adjusted EBITDA                                                              9,893             2,430            2,558             2,476             2,429             9,607




11.4 Capital management measures
A capital management measure is a financial measure that is intended to enable a        The financial reporting framework used to prepare the financial statements requires
reader to evaluate our objectives, policies and processes for managing our capital      disclosure that helps readers assess the company’s capital management objectives,
and is disclosed within the Notes to BCE’s consolidated financial statements.           policies, and processes, as set out in IFRS in IAS 1 – Presentation of Financial
                                                                                        Statements. BCE has its own methods for managing capital and liquidity, and IFRS
                                                                                        does not prescribe any particular calculation method.



Adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio
The adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio represents adjusted          in our consolidated statements of cash flows, plus 50% of twelve-month trailing net
EBITDA divided by adjusted net interest expense. For the purposes of calculating        earnings attributable to preferred shareholders as shown in our consolidated income
our adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio, adjusted EBITDA is          statements. For further details on adjusted net interest expense, see section 11.1,
twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted net interest expense used in the        Non-GAAP financial measures.
calculation of the adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio is a
non-GAAP financial measure defined as twelve-month trailing net interest expense        We use, and believe that certain investors and analysts use, the adjusted EBITDA to
as shown                                                                                adjusted net interest expense ratio, among other measures, to evaluate the financial
                                                                                        health of the company.



Net debt leverage ratio
The net debt leverage ratio represents net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA. Net         We use, and believe that certain investors and analysts use, the net debt leverage
debt used in the calculation of the net debt leverage ratio is a non-GAAP financial     ratio as a measure of financial leverage.
measure. For further details on net debt, see section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial
measures. For the purposes of calculating our net debt leverage ratio, adjusted
EBITDA is twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA.

                                                                                                                                                                        109
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)



11.5 Supplementary financial measures
A supplementary financial measure is a financial measure that is not reported in                  An explanation of such measures is provided where they are first referred to in this
BCE’s consolidated financial statements, and is, or is intended to be, reported                   MD&A if the supplementary financial measures’ labelling is not sufficiently
periodically to represent historical or expected future financial performance,                    descriptive.
financial position, or cash flows.




11.6 KPIs
In addition to the non-GAAP financial measures and other financial measures described previously, we use the following KPIs to measure the success of our strategic
imperatives. These KPIs are not accounting measures and may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.

KPI                               Definition
Adjusted EBITDA margin            Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by operating revenues.

ARPU                              Mobile phone blended ARPU is calculated by dividing wireless operating service revenues by the average mobile phone subscriber base for the specified
                                  period and is expressed as a dollar unit per month.

Capital intensity                 Capital intensity is defined as capital expenditures divided by operating revenues.

Churn                             Mobile phone churn is the rate at which existing mobile phone subscribers cancel their services. It is a measure of our ability to retain our customers. Mobile
                                  phone churn is calculated by dividing the number of mobile phone deactivations during a given period by the average number of mobile phone subscribers in
                                  the base for the specified period and is expressed as a percentage per month.

Subscriber unit                   Mobile phone subscriber unit is comprised of a recurring revenue-generating portable unit (e.g. smartphones and feature phones) on an active service plan,
                                  that has access to our wireless networks and includes voice, text and/or data connectivity. We report mobile phone subscriber units in two categories:
                                  postpaid and prepaid. Prepaid mobile phone subscriber units are considered active for a period of 90 days following the expiry of the subscriber’s prepaid
                                  balance.
                                  Mobile connected device subscriber unit is comprised of a recurring revenue-generating portable unit (e.g. tablets, wearables, mobile Internet devices and
                                  IoT) on an active service plan, that has access to our wireless networks and is intended for limited or no cellular voice capability.
                                  Wireline subscriber unit consists of an active revenue-generating unit with access to our services, including retail Internet, satellite TV, IPTV, and/or residential
                                  NAS. A subscriber is included in our subscriber base when the service has been installed and is operational at the customer premise and a billing relationship
                                  has been established.
                                  • Retail Internet, IPTV and satellite TV subscribers have access to stand-alone services, and are primarily represented by a dwelling unit
                                  • Retail residential NAS subscribers are based on a line count and are represented by a unique telephone number

110     BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
12 MD&A Effectiveness of internal controls


12 Effectiveness of internal controls
Disclosure controls and procedures
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable             As at December 31, 2022, management evaluated, under the supervision of and
assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or         with the participation of the CEO and the CFO, the effectiveness of our disclosure
submitted under Canadian and U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed,             controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the U.S. Securities
summarized and reported within the time periods specified under those laws, and       Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and under National Instrument 52-109 –
include controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that the information is   Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings.
accumulated and communicated to management, including BCE’s President and
CEO and Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), to allow          Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls
timely decisions regarding required disclosure.                                       and procedures were effective as at December 31, 2022.



Internal control over financial reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal          Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the
control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the U.S.         CEO and the CFO, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and under National Instrument            as at December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal Control –
52-109. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under     Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
the supervision of the CEO and CFO, and effected by the Board, management and         of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
other personnel of BCE, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external       Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our internal control over
purposes in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. However, because of its       financial reporting was effective as at December 31, 2022.
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements on a timely basis.



Changes in internal control over financial reporting
No changes were made in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
                                                                                                                                                                     111
                                                          EXHIBIT 99.3



Consolidated financial statements
Table of Contents
Management's responsibility for financial reporting                 2
Report of independent registered public accounting firm             3
Consolidated income statements                                      5
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income                     6
Consolidated statements of financial position                       7
Consolidated statements of changes in equity                        8
Consolidated statements of cash flows                               9
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                         10
 Note 1 Corporate information                                      10
 Note 2 Significant accounting policies                            10
 Note 3 Segmented information                                      24
 Note 4 Business acquisitions and disposition                      28
 Note 5 Operating costs                                            30
 Note 6 Severance, acquisition and other costs                     30
 Note 7 Interest expense                                           30
 Note 8 Impairment of assets                                       31
 Note 9 Other (expense) income                                     32
 Note 10 Income taxes                                              32
 Note 11 Earnings per share                                        34
 Note 12 Trade and other receivables                               34
 Note 13 Inventory                                                 35
 Note 14 Contract assets and liabilities                           36
 Note 15 Contract costs                                            36
 Note 16 Assets held for sale                                      37
 Note 17 Property, plant and equipment                             38
 Note 18 Leases                                                    40
 Note 19 Intangible assets                                         42
 Note 20 Investments in associates and joint ventures              44
 Note 21 Other non-current assets                                  44
 Note 22 Goodwill                                                  45
 Note 23 Trade payables and other liabilities                      46
 Note 24 Debt due within one year                                  47
 Note 25 Long-term debt                                            49
 Note 26 Provisions                                                51
 Note 27 Post-employment benefit plans                             51
 Note 28 Other non-current liabilities                             55
 Note 29 Financial and capital management                          56
 Note 30 Share capital                                             62
 Note 31 Share-based payments                                      64
 Note 32 Additional cash flow information                          67
 Note 33 Remaining performance obligations                         68
 Note 34 Commitments and contingencies                             69
 Note 35 Related party transactions                                70
 Note 36 Significant partly-owned subsidiary                       71
 Note 37 COVID-19                                                  71
Management's responsibility for financial reporting
These financial statements form the basis for all of the financial information that appears in this report.
The financial statements and all of the information in this report are the responsibility of the management of BCE Inc.
(BCE) and have been reviewed and approved by the board of directors. The board of directors is responsible for ensuring
that management fulfills its financial reporting responsibilities. Deloitte LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm, have audited the financial statements.
Management has prepared the financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Under these principles, management has made certain
estimates and assumptions that are reflected in the financial statements and notes. Management believes that these
financial statements fairly present BCE’s consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
Management has a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements are
accurate and complete in all material respects. This is supported by an internal audit group that reports to the Audit
Committee, and includes communication with employees about policies for ethical business conduct. Management
believes that the internal controls provide reasonable assurance that our financial records are reliable and form a proper
basis for preparing the financial statements, and that our assets are properly accounted for and safeguarded.
The board of directors has appointed an Audit Committee, which is made up of unrelated and independent directors. The
Audit Committee’s responsibilities include reviewing the financial statements and other information in this report, and
recommending them to the board of directors for approval. You will find a description of the Audit Committee’s other
responsibilities in this report. The internal auditors and the shareholders’ auditors have free and independent access to the
Audit Committee.


(signed) Mirko Bibic
President and Chief Executive Officer


(signed) Glen LeBlanc
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer


(signed) Thierry Chaumont
Senior Vice-President, Controller and Tax
March 2, 2023




2
Report of independent registered public accounting firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BCE Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of BCE Inc. and subsidiaries (the
"Company") as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated income statements, statements of
comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31,
2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and its
financial performance and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission and our report dated March 2, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal
control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements
that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Bell Media Group - Refer to Notes 2N, 8, 19 and 22 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets (specifically broadcast licenses) for the Bell Media group of cash generating
units (“Bell Media”) are tested annually or when there is an indication that the asset may be impaired. As a result of the
annual assessment of impairment of goodwill and intangible assets for Bell Media, management has determined that there
is no impairment of goodwill and there is an impairment for intangible assets relating to the French TV channels.

When testing goodwill and intangible assets for Bell Media, while there are several assumptions that are required to
determine the recoverable amount, the judgments with the highest degree of subjectivity and impact, are the forecasts of
future operating performance, and the determination of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and




                                                                                                                                 3
amortization (“EBITDA”) multiples, discount rates and perpetuity growth rates (“significant assumptions”). Changes in
these significant assumptions could have a significant impact on the recoverable amount of Bell Media, resulting in an
impairment charge to goodwill and/or intangible assets as required. Auditing the significant assumptions required a high
degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort, which included the involvement of fair value specialists.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to the significant assumptions used by management to determine the recoverable amount for
Bell Media included the following, among others:

•   Evaluated the effectiveness of controls over the assessment of goodwill and intangible assets for impairment, including
    those over the significant assumptions.

•   Evaluated management’s ability to accurately forecast future operating performance by comparing actual results to
    management’s historical forecasts.

•   Evaluated the reasonableness of management’s forecasts of future operating performance by comparing the forecasts
    to:
        • Historical operating performance;
        • Analyst and industry reports for the Company and certain of its peer companies, and other relevant publicly
           available information;
        • Known changes in Bell Media’s operations or the industry in which it operates, including recovery from the
           effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the current economic uncertainty from inflationary pressures, which are
           expected to impact future operating performance;
        • Internal communications to management and the Board of Directors.

•   With the assistance of fair value specialists, evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) EBITDA multiples, (2) discount
    rates, and (3) perpetuity growth rates by:
        • Testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rates;
        • Reviewing relevant internal and external information, including analyst and industry reports, to assess the
            reasonability of the selected EBITDA multiples, discount rates and perpetuity growth rates;
        • Developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the EBITDA multiples, discount rates
            and perpetuity growth rates selected by management.




/s/ Deloitte LLP

Chartered Professional Accountants
Montréal, Canada
March 2, 2023

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1880.




4
Consolidated income statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)                                    2022       2021
Operating revenues                                                                  3    24,174     23,449
Operating costs                                                               3,    5   (13,975)   (13,556)
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                              6       (94)      (209)
Depreciation                                                                       17    (3,660)    (3,627)
Amortization                                                                       19    (1,063)      (982)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                 7    (1,146)    (1,082)
   Net return (interest) on post-employment benefit plans                          27        51        (20)
Impairment of assets                                                      8, 17,   19      (279)      (197)
Other (expense) income                                                              9      (115)       160
Income taxes                                                                       10      (967)    (1,044)
Net earnings                                                                              2,926      2,892
Net earnings attributable to:
  Common shareholders                                                                     2,716      2,709
  Preferred shareholders                                                                    152        131
  Non-controlling interest                                                         36        58         52
Net earnings                                                                              2,926      2,892
Net earnings per common share - basic and diluted                                  11      2.98       2.99
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic (millions)                   911.5      906.3




                                                                                                             5
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)                                                               NOTE    2022    2021
Net earnings                                                                                           2,926   2,892
Other comprehensive income, net of income taxes
    Items that will be subsequently reclassified to net earnings
       Net change in value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, net of income taxes
         of $118 million and ($23) million for 2022 and 2021, respectively                             (321)     63
  Items that will not be reclassified to net earnings
      Actuarial gains on post-employment benefit plans, net of income taxes of ($151) million
        and ($653) million for 2022 and 2021, respectively                                        27    415    1,780
      Net change in value of publicly-traded and privately-held investments, net of income
        taxes of ($19) million and nil for 2022 and 2021, respectively                                   30      24
      Net change in value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, net of income taxes
        of ($21) million and ($1) million for 2022 and 2021, respectively                                 58       4
Other comprehensive income                                                                               182   1,871
Total comprehensive income                                                                             3,108   4,763
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
 Common shareholders                                                                                   2,891   4,578
 Preferred shareholders                                                                                  152     131
 Non-controlling interest                                                                         36      65      54
Total comprehensive income                                                                             3,108   4,763




6
Consolidated statements of financial position
                                                          December 31,    December 31,
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)                  NOTE          2022            2021
ASSETS
Current assets
  Cash                                                2             99            289
  Cash equivalents                                                  50             —
  Trade and other receivables                        12          4,138          3,949
  Inventory                                          13            656            482
  Contract assets                                   14             436            414
  Contract costs                                    15             540            507
  Prepaid expenses                                                 244            254
  Other current assets                                2            324            253
  Assets held for sale                               16             —              50
Total current assets                                             6,487          6,198
Non-current assets
   Contract assets                                  14             288            251
   Contract costs                                   15             603            387
   Property, plant and equipment                    17          29,256         28,235
   Intangible assets                                 19         16,183         15,570
   Deferred tax assets                               10             84            105
   Investments in associates and joint ventures      20            608            668
   Post-employment benefit assets                    27          3,559          3,472
   Other non-current assets                         21           1,355          1,306
   Goodwill                                          22         10,906         10,572
Total non-current assets                                        62,842         60,566
Total assets                                                    69,329         66,764
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
   Trade payables and other liabilities              23          5,221          4,455
   Contract liabilities                              14            857            799
   Interest payable                                                281            247
   Dividends payable                                               867            811
   Current tax liabilities                                         106            141
   Debt due within one year                          24          4,137          2,625
   Liabilities held for sale                         16             —              35
Total current liabilities                                       11,469          9,113
Non-current liabilities
   Contract liabilities                              14            228            246
   Long-term debt                                    25         27,783         27,048
   Deferred tax liabilities                          10          4,953          4,679
   Post-employment benefit obligations               27          1,311          1,734
   Other non-current liabilities                     28          1,070          1,003
Total non-current liabilities                                   35,345         34,710
Total liabilities                                               46,814         43,823
Commitments and contingencies                        34
EQUITY
Equity attributable to BCE shareholders
   Preferred shares                                  30          3,870          4,003
   Common shares                                     30         20,840         20,662
   Contributed surplus                               30          1,172          1,157
   Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income                   (55)           213
   Deficit                                                      (3,649)        (3,400)
Total equity attributable to BCE shareholders                   22,178         22,635
Non-controlling interest                             36            337            306
Total equity                                                    22,515         22,941
Total liabilities and equity                                    69,329         66,764




                                                                                     7
Consolidated statements of changes in equity
                                                      ATTRIBUTABLE TO BCE SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                            ACCUM-
                                                                            ULATED
                                                                             OTHER
                                                                           COMPRE-                         NON-
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER                                 CONTRI-        HENSIVE                       CONTR-
31, 2022 (IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN         PREFERRED COMMON   BUTED          INCOME                       OLLING     TOTAL
DOLLARS)                             NOTE    SHARES SHARES SURPLUS            (LOSS) DEFICIT     TOTAL INTEREST    EQUITY
Balance at December 31, 2021                  4,003      20,662    1,157        213    (3,400) 22,635       306    22,941
Net earnings                                     —           —        —          —      2,868   2,868        58     2,926
Other comprehensive (loss) income                —           —        —        (238)      413     175         7       182
Total comprehensive (loss) income                —           —        —        (238)    3,281   3,043        65     3,108
Common shares issued under
   employee stock option plan          30        —         177       (6)         —         —        171      —        171
Other share-based compensation         30        —           1       13          —        (41)      (27)     —        (27)
Repurchase of preferred shares         30      (133)        —         8          —         —       (125)     —       (125)
Dividends declared on BCE common
  and preferred shares                           —           —        —          —     (3,508)   (3,508)     —     (3,508)
Dividends declared by subsidiaries
  to non-controlling interest                    —           —        —          —         —         —      (39)      (39)
Settlement of cash flow hedges
  transferred to the cost basis of
  hedged items                                   —           —        —         (11)       —      (11)       —        (11)
Other                                            —           —        —         (19)       19      —          5         5
Balance at December 31, 2022                  3,870      20,840    1,172        (55)   (3,649) 22,178       337    22,515

                                              ATTRIBUTABLE TO BCE SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                   ACCUMU-
                                                                      LATED
                                                                     OTHER                                 NON-
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                           CONTRI- COMPRE-                                CONTR-
2021 (IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN        PREFERRED COMMON      BUTED HENSIVE                                 OLLING     TOTAL
DOLLARS)                        NOTE    SHARES SHARES SURPLUS       INCOME DEFICIT               TOTAL INTEREST    EQUITY
Balance at December 31, 2020                  4,003      20,390    1,174       103     (4,681) 20,989      340     21,329
Net earnings                                     —           —        —         —       2,840   2,840       52      2,892
Other comprehensive income                       —           —        —         90      1,779   1,869        2      1,871
Total comprehensive income                       —           —        —         90      4,619   4,709       54      4,763
Common shares issued under
   employee stock option plan           30       —         272      (10)        —          —       262      —         262
Other share-based compensation          30       —          —        (7)        —         (32)     (39)     —         (39)
Dividends declared on BCE
   common and preferred shares                   —           —        —         —      (3,306)   (3,306)    —      (3,306)
Dividends declared by subsidiaries
    to non-controlling interest                  —           —        —         —          —         —     (87)       (87)
Settlement of cash flow hedges
  transferred to the cost basis of
  hedged items                                   —           —        —         20         —       20       —          20
Other                                            —           —        —         —          —       —        (1)        (1)
Balance at December 31, 2021                  4,003      20,662    1,157       213     (3,400) 22,635      306     22,941




8
Consolidated statements of cash flows
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)                                                 NOTE       2022      2021
Cash flows from operating activities
Net earnings                                                                               2,926     2,892
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash flows from operating activities
   Severance, acquisition and other costs                                              6       94       209
   Depreciation and amortization                                                17,   19    4,723     4,609
   Post-employment benefit plans cost                                                 27      198       286
   Net interest expense                                                                     1,124     1,063
   Impairment of assets                                                                8      279       197
   (Gains) losses on investments                                                       9      (24)        6
   Income taxes                                                                       10      967     1,044
   Contributions to post-employment benefit plans                                     27     (140)     (282)
   Payments under other post-employment benefit plans                                 27      (64)      (65)
   Severance and other costs paid                                                            (129)     (208)
   Interest paid                                                                           (1,197)   (1,080)
   Income taxes paid (net of refunds)                                                        (749)     (913)
   Acquisition and other costs paid                                                           (10)      (35)
   Change in contract assets                                                          14      (59)      278
   Change in wireless device financing plan receivables                               12       22      (365)
   Net change in operating assets and liabilities                                             404       372
Cash flows from operating activities                                                       8,365     8,008
Cash flows used in investing activities
  Capital expenditures                                                          2,     3   (5,133)   (4,852)
  Business acquisitions                                                                4     (429)      (12)
  Business dispositions                                                         9,    16       52        —
  Spectrum licences                                                                   19       (3)   (2,082)
  Other investing activities                                                                   (4)      (72)
Cash flows used in investing activities                                                    (5,517)   (7,018)
Cash flow used in financing activities
   Increase in notes payable                                                                  111       351
   Increase (decrease) in securitized receivables                                     24      700      (150)
   Issue of long-term debt                                                            25    1,951     4,985
   Repayment of long-term debt                                                        25   (2,023)   (2,751)
   Issue of common shares                                                             30      171       261
   Purchase of shares for settlement of share-based payments                          31     (255)     (297)
   Repurchase of preferred shares                                                     30     (125)       —
   Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                    (3,312)   (3,132)
   Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                   (136)     (125)
   Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest                            (39)      (86)
   Other financing activities                                                          2      (31)       19
Cash flow used in financing activities                                                     (2,988)     (925)
Net (decrease) increase in cash                                                              (190)       65
Cash at beginning of year                                                                     289       224
Cash at end of year                                                                           99       289
Net increase in cash equivalents                                                              50        —
Cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                         —         —
Cash equivalents at end of year                                                               50        —




                                                                                                           9
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
We, us, our, BCE and the company mean, as the context may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively, BCE Inc.,
Bell Canada, their subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates.



Note 1             Corporate information
BCE is incorporated and domiciled in Canada. BCE’s head office is located at 1, Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell,
Verdun, Québec, Canada. BCE is a communications company providing wireless, wireline, Internet and television (TV)
services to residential, business and wholesale customers in Canada. Our Bell Media segment provides conventional TV,
specialty TV, pay TV, streaming services, digital media services, radio broadcasting services and out-of-home (OOH)
advertising services to customers in Canada. The consolidated financial statements (financial statements) were approved
by BCE’s board of directors on March 2, 2023.



Note 2             Significant accounting policies
A) Basis of presentation
The financial statements were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost
basis, except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value as described in our accounting policies.

All amounts are in millions of Canadian dollars, except where noted.

FUNCTIONAL CURRENCY

The financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, the company’s functional currency.


B) Basis of consolidation

We consolidate the financial statements of all of our subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities we control, where control is
achieved when the company is exposed or has the right to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has
the current ability to direct the activities of the investee that significantly affect the investee’s returns.
The results of subsidiaries acquired during the year are consolidated from the date of acquisition and the results of
subsidiaries sold during the year are deconsolidated from the date of disposal. Where necessary, adjustments are made to
the financial statements of acquired subsidiaries to conform their accounting policies to ours. All intercompany
transactions, balances, income and expenses are eliminated on consolidation.
Changes in our ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
transactions, with no effect on net earnings or on Other comprehensive income. Any difference between the change in the
carrying amount of non-controlling interest (NCI) and the consideration paid or received is attributed to owner’s equity.


C) Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue is measured based on the value of the expected consideration in a contract with a customer and excludes sales
taxes and other amounts we collect on behalf of third parties. We recognize revenue when control of a product or service
is transferred to a customer. When our right to consideration from a customer corresponds directly with the value to the
customer of the products and services transferred to date, we recognize revenue in the amount to which we have a right to
invoice.




10
For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and services when they are separately
identifiable and the customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or with other readily
available resources. The total arrangement consideration is allocated to each product or service included
in the contract with the customer based on its stand-alone selling price. We generally determine stand-
alone selling prices based on the observable prices at which we sell products separately without a
service contract and prices for non-bundled service offers with the same range of services, adjusted for
market conditions and other factors, as appropriate. When similar products and services are not sold
separately, we use the expected cost plus margin approach to determine stand-alone selling prices.
Products and services purchased by a customer in excess of those included in the bundled arrangement
are accounted for separately.

We may enter into arrangements with subcontractors and others who provide services to our customers.
When we act as the principal in these arrangements, we recognize revenues based on the amounts
billed to our customers. Otherwise, we recognize the net amount that we retain as revenues.

A contract asset is recognized in the consolidated statements of financial position (statements of financial
position) when our right to consideration from the transfer of products or services to a customer is
conditional on our obligation to transfer other products or services. Contract assets are transferred to
trade receivables when our right to consideration becomes conditional only as to the passage of time. A
contract liability is recognized in the statements of financial position when we receive consideration in
advance of the transfer of products or services to the customer. Contract assets and liabilities relating to
the same contract are presented on a net basis.

Incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer, principally comprised of sales commissions,
and prepaid contract fulfillment costs are included in contract costs in the statements of financial position,
except where the amortization period is one year or less, in which case costs of obtaining a contract are
immediately expensed. Capitalized costs are amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the
period and pattern of transfer to the customer of the related products or services.

WIRELESS SEGMENT REVENUES

Our Wireless segment principally generates revenue from providing integrated digital wireless voice and
data communications products and services to residential and business customers.

We recognize product revenues from the sale of wireless handsets and devices when a customer takes
possession of the product. We recognize wireless service revenues over time, as the services are
provided. For bundled arrangements, stand-alone selling prices are determined using observable prices
adjusted for market conditions and other factors, as appropriate.

For wireless products and services that are sold separately, customers usually pay in full at the point of
sale for products and on a monthly basis for services. For wireless products and services sold in bundled
arrangements, including device financing plans, customers pay monthly over a contract term of up to 24
months for residential customers and up to 36 months for business customers. If they include a
significant financing component, device financing plan receivables are discounted at market rates and
interest revenue is accreted over the contractual repayment period.

WIRELINE SEGMENT REVENUES

Our Wireline segment principally generates revenue from providing data, including Internet access and
Internet protocol television (IPTV), local telephone, long distance, satellite TV service and connectivity, as
well as other communications services and products to residential and business customers. Our Wireline
segment also includes revenues from our wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long
distance, data and other services from or to resellers and other carriers.

We recognize product revenues from the sale of wireline equipment when a customer takes possession
of the product. We recognize service revenues over time, as the services are provided. Revenues on
certain long-term contracts are recognized using output methods based on products delivered,
performance completed to date, time elapsed or milestones met. For bundled arrangements, stand-alone
selling prices are determined using observable




                                                                                                                 11
     prices adjusted for market conditions and other factors, as appropriate, or the expected cost plus margin
     approach for customized business arrangements.

     For wireline customers, products are usually paid in full at the point of sale. Services are paid for on a
     monthly basis except where a billing schedule has been established with certain business customers
     under long-term contracts that can generally extend up to seven years.

     MEDIA SEGMENT REVENUES

     Our Media segment principally generates revenue from conventional TV, specialty TV, digital media,
     radio broadcasting and OOH advertising and subscriber fees from specialty TV, pay TV and streaming
     services.

     We recognize advertising revenue when advertisements are aired on the radio or TV, posted on our
     websites or appear on our advertising panels and street furniture. Revenues relating to subscriber fees
     are recorded on a monthly basis as the services are provided. Customer payments are due monthly as
     the services are provided.



     D) Share-based payments
     Our share-based payment arrangements include an employee savings plan (ESP), restricted share units
     (RSUs) and performance share units (PSUs), deferred share units (DSUs) and stock options.

     ESP

     We recognize our ESP contributions as compensation expense in Operating costs in the consolidated
     income statements (income statements). The value of an ESP at the grant date is equal to the value of
     one BCE common share. We credit contributed surplus for the ESP expense recognized over the two-
     year vesting period, based on management’s estimate of the accrued employer contributions that are
     expected to vest. Upon settlement of shares under the ESP, any difference between the cost of shares
     purchased on the open market and the amount credited to contributed surplus is reflected in the deficit.

     RSUs/PSUs

     For each RSU/PSU granted, we recognize compensation expense in Operating costs in the income
     statements based on the number of RSUs/PSUs expected to vest over the term of the vesting period,
     with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus. The value of a RSU at the grant date is equal to the
     value of one BCE common share. The value of a PSU at the grant date is equal to the value of one BCE
     common share or the value estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation for PSUs that include relative total
     shareholder return as a performance condition. Additional RSUs/PSUs are issued to reflect dividends
     declared on the common shares.

     Compensation expense is adjusted for subsequent changes in management’s estimate of the number of
     RSUs/PSUs that are expected to vest. The effect of these changes is recognized in the period of the
     change. Upon settlement of the RSUs/PSUs, any difference between the cost of shares purchased on
     the open market and the amount credited to contributed surplus is reflected in the deficit. Vested
     RSUs/PSUs are settled in BCE common shares, DSUs, or a combination thereof.

     DSUs

     If compensation is elected to be taken in DSUs, we issue DSUs equal to the fair value of the services
     received. Additional DSUs are issued to reflect dividends declared on the common shares. DSUs are
     settled in BCE common shares purchased on the open market following the cessation of employment or
     when a director leaves the board. We credit contributed surplus for the fair value of DSUs at the issue
     date. Upon settlement of the DSUs, any difference between the cost of shares purchased on the open
     market and the amount credited to contributed surplus is reflected in the deficit.




12
STOCK OPTIONS

We use a fair value-based method to measure the cost of our employee stock options. The fair value of
options granted is determined using a variation of a binomial option pricing model that takes into account
factors specific to the stock option plan. We recognize compensation expense in Operating costs in the
income statements, based on the number of stock options that are expected to vest. Compensation
expense is adjusted for subsequent changes in management’s estimate of the number of stock options
that are expected to vest.

We credit contributed surplus for stock option expense recognized over the vesting period. When stock
options are exercised, we credit share capital for the amount received and the amounts previously
credited to contributed surplus.


E) Income and other taxes

Current and deferred income tax expense is recognized in the income statements, except to the extent
that the expense relates to items recognized in Other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

A current or non-current tax asset (liability) is the estimated tax receivable (payable) on taxable earnings
(loss) for the current or past periods.

We use the liability method to account for deferred tax assets and liabilities, which arise from:

    •   temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities recognized in the
        statements of financial position and their corresponding tax bases
    •   the carryforward of unused tax losses and credits, to the extent they can be used in the future

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply when the
asset or liability is recovered or settled. Both our current and deferred tax assets and liabilities are
calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Deferred taxes are provided on temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, joint
arrangements and associates, except where we control the timing of the reversal of the temporary
difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Tax liabilities are, where permitted, offset against tax assets within the same taxable entity and
tax jurisdiction.

INVESTMENT TAX CREDITS (ITCs), OTHER TAX CREDITS AND GOVERNMENT GRANTS
We recognize ITCs, other tax credits and government grants given on eligible expenditures when it is
reasonably assured that they will be realized. They are presented as part of Trade and other receivables
and Other current assets in the statements of financial position when they are expected to be utilized in
the next year. We use the cost reduction method to account for ITCs and government grants, under
which the credits are applied against the expense or asset to which the ITC or government grant relates.


F) Cash equivalents

Cash equivalents are comprised of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or
less from the date of purchase and are measured at amortized cost.


G) Securitization of receivables

Proceeds on the securitization of receivables are recognized as a collateralized borrowing as we do not
transfer control and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to another entity.




                                                                                                               13
     H) Inventory

     We measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Inventory includes all costs to
     purchase, convert and bring the inventories to their present location and condition. We determine cost
     using specific identification for major equipment held for resale and the weighted average cost formula
     for all other inventory. We maintain inventory valuation reserves for inventory that is slow-moving or
     potentially obsolete, calculated using an inventory aging analysis.


     I) Property, plant and equipment

     We record property, plant and equipment at historical cost. Historical cost includes expenditures that are
     attributable directly to the acquisition or construction of the asset, including the purchase cost, and
     labour.

     Borrowing costs are capitalized for qualifying assets, if the time to build or develop is in excess of one
     year, at a rate that is based on our weighted average interest rate on outstanding long-term debt. Gains
     or losses on the sale or retirement of property, plant and equipment are recorded in Other (expense)
     income in the income statements.

     LEASES

     We enter into leases for network infrastructure and equipment, land and buildings in the normal course of
     business. Lease contracts are typically made for fixed periods but may include purchase, renewal or
     termination options. Leases are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different
     terms and conditions.

     We adopted IFRS 16 - Leases as of January 1, 2019. Certain finance leases entered into prior to 2019
     were initially measured under IAS 17 - Leases, as permitted by the transition provisions of IFRS 16.

     IFRS 16

     We assess whether a contract contains a lease at inception of the contract. A lease contract conveys the
     right to control the use of an identified asset for a period in exchange for consideration. We recognize
     lease liabilities with corresponding right-of-use assets for all lease agreements, except for short-term
     leases and leases of low value assets, which are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
     Consideration in a contract is allocated to lease and non-lease components on a relative stand-alone
     value basis. We generally account for lease components and any associated non-lease components as a
     single lease component.

     Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
     commencement date, discounted using our incremental borrowing rate, unless the rate implicit in the
     lease is readily determinable. We apply a single incremental borrowing rate to a portfolio of leases with
     similar characteristics. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:

         •   fixed (and in-substance fixed) lease payments, less any lease incentives
         •   variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate
         •   payments expected under residual value guarantees and payments relating to purchase options
             and renewal option periods that are reasonably certain to be exercised (or periods subject to
             termination options that are not reasonably certain to be exercised)




14
Lease liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Lease
liabilities are remeasured, with a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets, when there
is a change in variable lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, or when we change our
assessment of whether purchase, renewal or termination options will be exercised.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, and are comprised of the initial measurement of the
corresponding lease liabilities, lease payments made at or before the commencement date and any initial
direct costs. They are subsequently depreciated on a straight-line basis and reduced by impairment
losses, if any. Right-of-use assets may also be adjusted to reflect the remeasurement of related lease
liabilities. If we obtain ownership of the leased asset by the end of the lease term or the cost of the right-
of-use asset reflects the exercise of a purchase option, we depreciate the right-of-use asset from the
lease commencement date to the end of the useful life of the underlying asset. Otherwise, we depreciate
the right-of-use asset from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the
underlying asset or the end of the lease term.

Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of
lease liabilities and right-of-use assets. The related payments are expensed in Operating costs in the
period in which the event or condition that triggers those payments occurs.

IAS 17

Under IAS 17, leases of property, plant and equipment are recognized as finance leases when we obtain
substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the underlying assets. At the inception of the lease,
we record an asset together with a corresponding long-term lease liability, at the lower of the fair value of
the leased asset or the present value of the minimum future lease payments, excluding non-lease
components.

ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS (AROs)

We initially measure and record AROs at management’s best estimate using a present value
methodology, adjusted subsequently for any changes in the timing or amount of cash flows and changes
in discount rates. We capitalize asset retirement costs as part of the related assets and amortize them
into earnings over time. We also increase the ARO and record a corresponding amount in interest
expense to reflect the passage of time.


J) Intangible assets
FINITE-LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Finite-life intangible assets are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated
impairment losses, if any.

SOFTWARE

We record internal-use software at historical cost. Cost includes expenditures that are attributable directly
to the acquisition or development of the software, including the purchase cost and labour.

Software development costs are capitalized when all the following conditions are met:

    •    technical feasibility can be demonstrated
    •    management has the intent and the ability to complete the asset for use or sale
    •    it is probable that economic benefits will be generated
    •    costs attributable to the asset can be measured reliably

CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS

Customer relationship assets are acquired through business combinations and are recorded at fair value
at the date of acquisition.




                                                                                                                 15
     PROGRAM AND FEATURE FILM RIGHTS

     We account for program and feature film rights as intangible assets when these assets are acquired for
     the purpose of distribution through broadcasting, digital media and streaming services. Program and
     feature film rights, which include producer advances and licence fees paid in advance of receipt of the
     program or film, are stated at acquisition cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated
     impairment losses, if any. Programs and feature films under licence agreements are recorded as assets
     for rights acquired and liabilities for obligations incurred when:

         •    we receive a broadcast master and the cost is known or reasonably determinable for new
              program and feature film licences; or
         •    the licence term commences for licence period extensions or syndicated programs

     Related liabilities of programs and feature films are classified as current or non-current, based on the
     payment terms. Amortization of program and feature film rights is recorded in Operating costs in the
     income statements.

     INDEFINITE-LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS

     Brand assets, mainly comprised of the Bell, Bell Media and Bell MTS brands, and broadcast licences are
     acquired through business combinations and are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition, less
     accumulated impairment losses, if any. Wireless spectrum licences are recorded at acquisition cost,
     including borrowing costs when the time to build or develop the related network is in excess of one year.
     Borrowing costs are calculated at a rate that is based on our weighted average interest rate on
     outstanding long-term debt.

     Currently, there are no legal, regulatory, competitive or other factors that limit the useful lives of our
     indefinite-life intangible assets.


     K) Depreciation and amortization
     We depreciate property, plant and equipment and amortize finite-life intangible assets on a straight-line
     basis over their estimated useful lives. We review our estimates of useful lives on an annual basis and
     adjust depreciation and amortization on a prospective basis, as required. Land and assets under
     construction or development are not depreciated.

                                                                                                ESTIMATED USEFUL LIFE

     Property, plant and equipment
       Network infrastructure and equipment
                                                                                                        2 to 50 years
       Buildings
                                                                                                        5 to 50 years
     Finite-life intangible assets
       Software
                                                                                                        2 to 12 years
       Customer relationships
                                                                                                        2 to 26 years
       Program and feature film rights
                                                                                                        Up to 5 years



     L) Investments in associates and joint arrangements

     Our financial statements incorporate our share of the results of our associates and joint ventures using
     the equity method of accounting, except when the investment is classified as held for sale. Equity income
     from investments is recorded in Other (expense) income in the income statements.
     Investments in associates and joint ventures are recognized initially at cost and adjusted thereafter to
     include the company’s share of income or loss and comprehensive income or loss on an after-tax basis.
     Investments are reviewed for impairment at each reporting period and we compare their recoverable
     amount to their carrying amount when there is an indication of impairment.




16
We recognize our share of the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of joint operations in
accordance with the related contractual agreements.

M) Business combinations and goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in
a business combination is measured at fair value at the date of acquisition. Acquisition-related
transaction costs are expensed as incurred and recorded in Severance, acquisition and other costs in the
income statements.

Identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, of acquired businesses are recorded at their
fair values at the date of acquisition. When we acquire control of a business, any previously-held equity
interest is remeasured to fair value and any gain or loss on remeasurement is recognized in Other
(expense) income in the income statements. The excess of the purchase consideration and any
previously-held equity interest over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as
Goodwill in the statements of financial position. If the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired
exceeds the purchase consideration and any previously-held equity interest, the difference is recognized
in Other (expense) income in the income statements immediately as a bargain purchase gain.


N) Impairment of non-financial assets
Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually or when there is an
indication that the asset may be impaired. Property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets
are tested for impairment if events or changes in circumstances, assessed at each reporting period,
indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets
other than goodwill are grouped at the lowest level for which there are separately identifiable cash
inflows.

Impairment losses are recognized and measured as the excess of the carrying value of the assets over
their recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of its fair value less costs of
disposal and its value in use. Previously recognized impairment losses, other than those attributable to
goodwill, are reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date and, if the asset’s recoverable amount
has increased, all or a portion of the impairment is reversed.

GOODWILL IMPAIRMENT TESTING

We perform an annual test for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter for each of our cash-generating
units (CGUs) or groups of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated, and whenever there is an indication that
goodwill might be impaired.

A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are independent of
the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.

We identify any potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of a CGU or group of CGUs to its
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of a CGU or group of CGUs is the higher of its fair value
less costs of disposal and its value in use. Both fair value less costs of disposal and value in use are
based on estimates of discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods. Cash flows are projected
based on past experience, actual operating results and business plans, including any impact from rising
interest rates and inflation. When the recoverable amount of a CGU or group of CGUs is less than its
carrying value, the recoverable amount is determined for its identifiable assets and liabilities. The excess
of the recoverable amount of the CGU or group of CGUs over the total of the amounts assigned to its
assets and liabilities is the recoverable amount of goodwill.

An impairment charge is recognized in the income statements for any excess of the carrying value of
goodwill over its recoverable amount. For purposes of impairment testing of goodwill, our CGUs or
groups of CGUs correspond to our reporting segments as disclosed in Note 3, Segmented information.




                                                                                                                 17
     O) Financial instruments and contract assets

     We measure trade and other receivables, including wireless device financing plan receivables, at
     amortized cost using the effective interest method, net of any allowance for doubtful accounts.

     Our portfolio investments in equity securities are classified as fair value through other comprehensive
     income and are presented in our statements of financial position as Other non-current assets. These
     securities are recorded at fair value on the date of acquisition, including related transaction costs, and
     are adjusted to fair value at each reporting date. The corresponding unrealized gains and losses are
     recorded in Other comprehensive income in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income
     (statements of comprehensive income) and are reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive
     (loss) income to the deficit in the statements of financial position when realized.

     Other financial liabilities, which include trade payables and accruals, compensation payable, obligations
     imposed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC), interest
     payable and long-term debt, are recorded at amortized cost using the effective interest method.

     We measure the allowance for doubtful accounts and impairment of contract assets based on an
     expected credit loss (ECL) model, which takes into account current economic conditions, historical
     information, and forward-looking information, including higher interest rates and inflation. We use the
     simplified approach for measuring losses based on the lifetime ECL for trade and other receivables and
     contract assets. Amounts considered uncollectible are written off and recognized in Operating costs in
     the income statements.

     The cost of issuing debt is included as part of long-term debt and is accounted for at amortized cost
     using the effective interest method. The cost of issuing equity is reflected in the consolidated statements
     of changes in equity as a charge to the deficit.


     P) Derivative financial instruments

     We use derivative financial instruments to manage risks related to changes in interest rates, foreign
     currency rates, commodity prices and cash flow exposures related to share-based payment plans, capital
     expenditures, long-term debt instruments and operating revenues and expenses. We do not use
     derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.

     Derivatives that mature within one year are included in Other current assets or Trade payables and other
     liabilities in the statements of financial position, whereas derivatives that have a maturity of more than
     one year are included in Other non-current assets or Other non-current liabilities.

     HEDGE ACCOUNTING

     To qualify for hedge accounting, we document the relationship between the derivative and the related
     identified risk exposure, and our risk management objective and strategy. This includes associating each
     derivative to a specific asset or liability, commitment, or anticipated transaction.

     We assess the effectiveness of a derivative in managing an identified risk exposure when hedge
     accounting is initially applied, and on an ongoing basis thereafter. If a hedging relationship ceases to
     meet the qualifying criteria, we discontinue hedge accounting prospectively.

     FAIR VALUE HEDGES

     We use cross currency interest rate swaps to manage foreign currency and interest rate risk on certain
     U.S. dollar long-term debt. We use interest rate swaps to manage the interest rate risk on certain
     Canadian dollar long-term debt. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are
     recognized in Other (expense) income in the income statements and offset each other, except for any
     ineffective portion of the hedging relationship.




18
CASH FLOW HEDGES

We use foreign currency forward contracts and options to manage foreign currency risk relating to
anticipated purchases denominated in foreign currencies. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives
are recognized in our statements of comprehensive income, except for any ineffective portion of the
hedging relationship, which is recognized in Other (expense) income in the income statements. Realized
gains and losses in Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income are reclassified to the income
statements or to the initial cost of the non-financial asset in the same periods as the corresponding
hedged transactions are recognized.

We use foreign currency forward contracts to manage foreign currency risk relating to our U.S. dollar
debt under our commercial paper program, securitization of receivables and committed credit facilities.
Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in Other (expense) income in the income
statements and offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt, except for any
portion of the hedging relationship which is ineffective.

We use cross currency interest rate swaps to manage foreign currency and interest rate risk related to
certain U.S. dollar long-term debt. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our
statements of comprehensive income, except for amounts recorded in Other (expense) income in the
income statements to offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt and any
portion of the hedging relationship which is ineffective.

We use forward starting interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk related to certain future debt
issuances. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our statements of
comprehensive income, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging relationship, which is recognized
in Other (expense) income in the income statements. Realized gains and losses in Accumulated other
comprehensive (loss) income are reclassified to Interest expense in the income statements over the term
of the related debt.

DERIVATIVES USED AS ECONOMIC HEDGES

We use derivatives to manage cash flow exposures related to equity settled share-based payment plans
and anticipated purchases in foreign currencies, interest rate risk related to preferred share dividend rate
resets, interest rate risk related to anticipated debt issuances and commodity price risk related to the
purchase cost of fuel. As these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting, the changes in their fair
value are recorded in the income statements in Other (expense) income.


Q) Post-employment benefit plans

DEFINED BENEFIT (DB) AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT (OPEB) PLANS

We maintain DB pension plans that provide pension benefits for certain employees and retirees. Benefits
are based on the employee’s length of service and average rate of pay during the highest paid
consecutive five years of service. Most employees are not required to contribute to the plans. Certain
plans provide cost of living adjustments to help protect the income of retired employees against inflation.

We are responsible for adequately funding our DB pension plans. We make contributions to them based
on various actuarial cost methods permitted by pension regulatory bodies. Contributions reflect actuarial
assumptions about future investment returns, salary projections, future service and life expectancy.

We provide OPEBs to some of our employees, including:

    •   health care and life insurance benefits during retirement, which have been phased out for new
        retirees since December 31, 2016. Most of these OPEB plans are unfunded and benefits are
        paid when incurred.
    •   other benefits, including workers’ compensation and medical benefits to former or inactive
        employees, their beneficiaries and dependants, from the time their employment ends until their
        retirement starts, under certain circumstances




                                                                                                               19
     We accrue our obligations and related costs under post-employment benefit plans, net of the fair value of
     the benefit plan assets. Pension and OPEB costs are determined using:

         •   the projected unit credit method, prorated on years of service, which takes into account future
             pay levels
         •   a discount rate based on market interest rates of high-quality corporate fixed income investments
             with maturities that match the timing of benefits expected to be paid under the plans
         •   management’s best estimate of pay increases, retirement ages of employees, expected
             healthcare costs and life expectancy

     We value post-employment benefit plan assets at fair value using current market values.

     Post-employment benefit plans current service cost is included in Operating costs in the income
     statements. Interest on our post-employment benefit plan assets and obligations is recognized in
     Finance costs in the income statements and represents the accretion of interest on the assets and
     obligations under our post-employment benefit plans. The interest rate is based on market conditions that
     existed at the beginning of the year. Actuarial gains and losses for all post-employment benefit plans are
     recorded in Other comprehensive income in the statements of comprehensive income in the period in
     which they occur and are recognized immediately in the deficit.

     December 31 is the measurement date for our significant post-employment benefit plans. Our actuaries
     perform a valuation based on management's assumptions at least every three years to determine the
     actuarial present value of the accrued DB pension plans and OPEB obligations. The most recent
     actuarial valuation of our significant pension plans was as at December 31, 2021.

     DEFINED CONTRIBUTION (DC) PENSION PLANS

     We maintain DC pension plans that provide certain employees with benefits. Under these plans, we are
     responsible for contributing a predetermined amount to an employee’s retirement savings, based on a
     percentage of the employee’s salary.

     We recognize a post-employment benefit plans service cost for DC pension plans when the employee
     provides service to the company, essentially coinciding with our cash contributions.

     When eligible, new employees can only participate in the DC pension plans.


     R) Provisions

     Provisions are recognized when all the following conditions are met:

         •   the company has a present legal or constructive obligation based on past events
         •   it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation
         •   the amount can be reasonably estimated

     Provisions are measured at the present value of the estimated expenditures expected to settle the
     obligation, if the effect of the time value of money is material. The present value is determined using
     current market assessments of the discount rate and risks specific to the obligation. The obligation
     increases as a result of the passage of time, resulting in interest expense which is recognized in Finance
     costs in the income statements.


     S) Estimates and key judgments

     When preparing the financial statements, management makes estimates and judgments relating to:

         •   reported amounts of revenues and expenses
         •   reported amounts of assets and liabilities
         •   disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities




20
We base our estimates on a number of factors, including but not limited to historical experience, current
events such as the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, economic and financial market conditions such as
higher interest rates and inflation, supply chain disruptions and the increasing risk of recession, and
actions that the company may undertake in the future, as well as other assumptions that we believe are
reasonable under the circumstances. A change in these assumptions may have an impact on our
financial statements including but not limited to impairment testing, fair value determination, expected
credit losses and discount rates used for the present value of cash flows. By their nature, these
estimates and judgments are subject to measurement uncertainty and actual results could differ. Our
more significant estimates and judgments are described below.

ESTIMATES

USEFUL LIVES OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND FINITE-LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Property, plant and equipment represent a significant proportion of our total assets. Changes in
technology or our intended use of these assets, climate change and our environmental, social and
corporate governance initiatives as well as changes in business prospects or economic and industry
factors, may cause the estimated useful lives of these assets to change.

POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS
The amounts reported in the financial statements relating to DB pension plans and OPEBs are
determined using actuarial calculations that are based on several assumptions.

The actuarial valuation uses management’s assumptions for, among other things, the discount rate, life
expectancy, the rate of compensation increase, cost of living indexation rate, trends in healthcare costs
and expected average remaining years of service of employees.

The most significant assumptions used to calculate the net post-employment benefit plans cost are the
discount rate and life expectancy.

The discount rate is based on the yield on long-term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments,
with maturities matching the estimated cash flows of the post-employment benefit plans. Life expectancy
is based on publicly available Canadian mortality tables and is adjusted for the company’s specific
experience.

REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS

We are required to make estimates that affect the amount of revenue from contracts with customers,
including estimating the stand-alone selling prices of products and services.

IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS

We make a number of estimates when calculating recoverable amounts using discounted future cash
flows or other valuation methods to test for impairment. These estimates include the assumed growth
rates for future cash flows, the number of years used in the cash flow model and the discount rate.

DEFERRED TAXES

The amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities are estimated with consideration given to the timing,
sources and amounts of future taxable income.

LEASES

The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make estimates that affect the measurement of right-of-use
assets and liabilities, including determining the appropriate discount rate used to measure lease
liabilities. Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not
paid at the commencement date, discounted using our incremental borrowing rate, unless the rate
implicit in the lease is readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate is derived from publicly
available risk-free interest rates, adjusted for applicable credit spreads and lease terms. We apply a
single incremental borrowing rate to a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics.




                                                                                                                21
     FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     Certain financial instruments, such as investments in equity securities, derivative financial instruments
     and certain elements of borrowings, are carried in the statements of financial position at fair value, with
     changes in fair value reflected in the income statements and the statements of comprehensive income.
     Fair values are estimated by reference to published price quotations or by using other valuation
     techniques that may include inputs that are not based on observable market data, such as discounted
     cash flows and earnings multiples.

     CONTINGENCIES

     In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal proceedings seeking
     monetary damages and other relief. Pending claims and legal proceedings represent a potential cost to
     our business. We estimate the amount of a loss by analyzing potential outcomes and assuming various
     litigation and settlement strategies, based on information that is available at the time.

     ONEROUS CONTRACTS

     A provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the unavoidable costs of meeting our obligations
     under a contract exceed the expected benefits to be received under the contract. The provision is
     measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the
     expected net cost of completing the contract.

     JUDGMENTS

     POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS

     The determination of the discount rate used to value our post-employment benefit obligations requires
     judgment. The rate is set by reference to market yields of long-term, high-quality corporate fixed income
     investments at the beginning of each fiscal year. Significant judgment is required when setting the criteria
     for fixed income investments to be included in the population from which the yield curve is derived. The
     most significant criteria considered for the selection of investments include the size of the issue and
     credit quality, along with the identification of outliers, which are excluded.

     INCOME TAXES

     The calculation of income taxes requires judgment in interpreting tax rules and regulations. There are
     transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our tax filings are also
     subject to audits, the outcome of which could change the amount of current and deferred tax assets and
     liabilities.
     Management judgment is used to determine the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities to be
     recognized. In particular, judgment is required when assessing the timing of the reversal of temporary
     differences to which future income tax rates are applied.

     LEASES

     The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make judgments that affect the measurement of right-of-use
     assets and liabilities. A lease contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
     period of time in exchange for consideration. At inception of the contract, we assess whether the contract
     contains an identified asset, whether we have the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits
     from use of the asset and whether we have the right to direct how and for what purpose the asset is
     used. In determining the lease term, we include periods covered by renewal options when we are
     reasonably certain to exercise those options. Similarly, we include periods covered by termination options
     when we are reasonably certain not to exercise those options. To assess if we are reasonably certain to
     exercise an option, we consider all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to
     exercise renewal options (or not exercise termination options). Economic incentives include the costs
     related to the termination of the lease, the significance of any leasehold improvements and the
     importance of the underlying assets to our operations.




22
REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS

The identification of performance obligations within a contract and the timing of satisfaction of
performance obligations under long-term contracts requires judgment. Additionally, the determination of
costs to obtain a contract, including the identification of incremental costs, also requires judgment.

CGUs

The determination of CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose of impairment testing requires judgment.

CONTINGENCIES

The determination of whether a loss is probable from claims and legal proceedings and whether an
outflow of resources is likely requires judgment.


T) Adoption of amended accounting standards
As required, we adopted the following amendments and clarifications to accounting standards issued by
the IASB.
STANDARD                 DESCRIPTION                                IMPACT
Onerous Contracts – These amendments clarify which costs These amendments were adopted effective January 1,
Cost of Fulfilling a   should be included in determining the        2022 and did not have a significant impact on our
Contract,              cost of fulfilling a contract when           financial statements.
Amendments to IAS assessing whether a contract is onerous.
37 – Provisions,
Contingent Liabilities
and Contingent
Assets
IFRIC Agenda           In April 2022, the International Financial In 2022, we applied this agenda decision retrospectively
Decision on Demand Reporting Interpretations Committee              to each prior period presented, the impact of which was
Deposits with          (IFRIC) issued an agenda decision            limited to the classification of funding of $97 million
                                                                    received in Q1 2021 under a subsidy agreement with the
Restrictions on Use clarifying that an entity should present a Government of Québec. The application of this agenda
arising from a         demand    deposit   with restrictions on use decision resulted in the following:
Contract with a Third arising from a contract with a third party •        an increase in Cash of $82 million with a
Party (IAS 7 –         as cash and cash equivalents in the                corresponding decrease in Other current assets in
Statement of Cash      statements of financial position and cash          the statement of financial position as at December
Flows)                 flows, unless those restrictions change            31, 2021
                       the nature of the deposit such that it no •        an increase in Capital expenditures and Other
                       longer meets the definition of cash in             financing activities of ($15) million and $97 million,
                       IAS 7.                                             respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                          in the statement of cash flows
                                                                    •     no impact in the statement of financial position as at
                                                                          January 1, 2021 as the funding was received in Q1
                                                                          2021.




U) Future changes to accounting standards

The following amendments to standards issued by the IASB have an effective date after
December 31, 2022 and have not yet been adopted by BCE.

STANDARD        DESCRIPTION                                 IMPACT                                 EFFECTIVE DATE
Disclosure of   These amendments require that               We are currently assessing the impact Effective for annual
Accounting      entities disclose material                  of these amendments on the             reporting periods
Policies -      accounting policies, as defined,            disclosure of our accounting policies. beginning on or after
Amendments to instead of significant accounting                                                    January 1, 2023.
IAS 1 -         policies.                                                                          Early application is
Presentation of                                                                                    permitted.
Financial
Statements




                                                                                                                                   23
Note 3 Segmented information
The accounting policies used in our segment reporting are the same as those we describe in Note 2, Significant
accounting policies. Our segments reflect how we manage our business and how we classify our operations for planning
and measuring performance. Accordingly, we operate and manage our segments as strategic business units organized by
products and services. Segments negotiate sales with each other as if they were unrelated parties.

We measure the performance of each segment based on adjusted EBITDA, which is equal to operating revenues less
operating costs for the segment. Substantially all of our severance, acquisition and other costs, depreciation and
amortization, finance costs and other (expense) income are managed on a corporate basis and, accordingly, are not
reflected in segment results.

Substantially all of our operations and assets are located in Canada.

Our results are reported in three segments: Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media.

Bell Wireless includes wireless service revenues and product sales as well as the results of operations of our national
consumer electronics retailer, The Source (Bell) Electronics Inc. (The Source). Wireless services are provided to our
residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers across Canada.

Bell Wireline includes data revenues (including Internet, IPTV, cloud-based services and business solutions), voice and
other communication services revenues, and wireline product sales. These services are provided to our residential, small
and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to business customers are available nationally across Canada. In
addition, this segment includes the results of our wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long distance,
data and other services from or to resellers and other carriers.

Bell Media provides conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV, streaming services, digital media services, radio broadcasting
services and OOH advertising services to customers nationally across Canada. Revenues are derived primarily from
advertising and subscriber fees.




24
 Segmented information
                                                                                                                                     INTER-
                                                                                                                                  SEGMENT
                                                                                  BELL              BELL              BELL         ELIMINA-
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022                              NOTE       WIRELESS          WIRELINE             MEDIA            TIONS               BCE

 Operating revenues
     External service revenues                                                     6,821          11,231             2,904               —            20,956
     Inter-segment service revenues                                                   44             412               350             (806)              —
 Operating service revenues                                                        6,865          11,643             3,254             (806)          20,956
     External product revenues                                                     2,714             504                —                —             3,218
     Inter-segment product revenues                                                    9               1                —               (10)              —
 Operating product revenues                                                        2,723             505                —               (10)           3,218
     Total external revenues                                                       9,535          11,735             2,904               —            24,174
     Total inter-segment revenues                                                     53             413               350             (816)              —
 Total operating revenues                                                          9,588          12,148             3,254             (816)          24,174
 Operating costs                                                        5         (5,451)         (6,831)           (2,509)             816          (13,975)
 Adjusted EBITDA (1)                                                               4,137           5,317               745               —            10,199
 Severance, acquisition and other costs                                 6                                                                                (94)
 Depreciation and amortization                                  17,    19                                                                             (4,723)
 Finance costs
    Interest expense                                                    7                                                                             (1,146)
    Net return on post-employment benefit plans                        27                                                                                 51
 Impairment of assets                                                   8                                                                               (279)
 Other expense                                                          9                                                                               (115)
 Income taxes                                                          10                                                                               (967)
 Net earnings                                                                                                                                          2,926
 Goodwill                                                              22          3,046            4,914            2,946                —           10,906
 Indefinite-life intangible assets                                     19          6,192            1,788            1,846                —            9,826
 Capital expenditures                                                              1,084            3,887              162                —            5,133

(1) The chief operating decision maker uses primarily one measure of profit to make decisions and assess performance, being operating revenues less operating
    costs.




                                                                                                                                                                25
                                                                                                                                      INTER-
                                                                                                                                   SEGMENT
                                                                                   BELL             BELL               BELL         ELIMINA-
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021                               NOTE       WIRELESS         WIRELINE              MEDIA            TIONS               BCE
 Operating revenues
     External service revenues                                                     6,355           11,314             2,681               —           20,350
     Inter-segment service revenues                                                   45              358               355             (758)             —
 Operating service revenues                                                        6,400           11,672             3,036             (758)         20,350
     External product revenues                                                     2,593              506                —                —            3,099
     Inter-segment product revenues                                                    6               —                 —                (6)             —
 Operating product revenues                                                        2,599              506                —                (6)          3,099
     Total external revenues                                                       8,948           11,820             2,681               —           23,449
     Total inter-segment revenues                                                     51              358               355             (764)             —
 Total operating revenues                                                          8,999           12,178             3,036             (764)         23,449
 Operating costs                                                        5         (5,146)          (6,863)           (2,311)             764         (13,556)
 Adjusted EBITDA (1)                                                               3,853            5,315               725               —            9,893
 Severance, acquisition and other costs                                 6                                                                               (209)
 Depreciation and amortization                                  17,    19                                                                             (4,609)
 Finance costs
     Interest expense                                                   7                                                                             (1,082)
     Net interest on post-employment benefit plans                     27                                                                                (20)
 Impairment of assets                                                   8                                                                               (197)
 Other income                                                           9                                                                                160
 Income taxes                                                          10                                                                             (1,044)
 Net earnings                                                                                                                                          2,892
 Goodwill                                                              22          3,046            4,580             2,946                —          10,572
 Indefinite-life intangible assets                                     19          6,148            1,692             1,935                —           9,775
 Capital expenditures                                                              1,120            3,612               120                —           4,852

(1) The chief operating decision maker uses primarily one measure of profit to make decisions and assess performance, being operating revenues less operating
    costs.




 26
Revenues by services and products

The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by type of services and products.
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                           2022            2021
            (1)
Services
 Wireless                                                                                              6,821           6,355
 Wireline data                                                                                         7,920           7,871
 Wireline voice                                                                                        3,002           3,154
 Media                                                                                                 2,904           2,681
 Other wireline services                                                                                 309             289
Total services                                                                                        20,956          20,350
Products(2)
 Wireless                                                                                              2,714           2,593
 Wireline data                                                                                           459             463
 Wireline equipment and other                                                                             45              43
Total products                                                                                         3,218           3,099
Total operating revenues                                                                              24,174          23,449

(1) Our service revenues are generally recognized over time.
(2) Our product revenues are generally recognized at a point in time.




Segment reporting changes in 2023
In 2022, we began modifying our internal and external reporting processes to align with organizational changes that were
made to reflect an increasing strategic focus on multiproduct sales, the continually increasing technological convergence of
our wireless and wireline telecommunications infrastructure and operations driven by the deployment of our Fifth
Generation (5G) and fibre networks, and our digital transformation. These factors have made it increasingly difficult to
distinguish between our wireless and wireline operations and will result in changes in Q1 2023 to the financial information
that is regularly provided to our chief operating decision maker to measure performance and allocate resources.
Effective with our Q1 2023 results, our previous Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline operating segments are being combined to
form a single reporting segment called Bell Communication and Technology Services (Bell CTS). Bell Media remains a
distinct operating segment and is unaffected. As a result of our reporting changes, prior periods are being restated in 2023
for comparative purposes.
Our Bell CTS segment provides a wide range of communication products and services to consumers, businesses and
government customers across Canada. Wireless products and services include mobile data and voice plans and devices
and are available nationally. Wireline products and services comprise data (including Internet access, IPTV, cloud-based
services and business solutions), voice, and other communication services and products, which are available to our
residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic
provinces and Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to business customers are available nationally across
Canada. In addition, this segment includes our wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long distance,
data and other services from or to resellers and other carriers, as well as the results of operations of our national consumer
electronics retailer, The Source.
Our Bell Media segment provides conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV, streaming services, digital media services, radio
broadcasting services and OOH and advanced advertising services to customers nationally across Canada.
For purposes of impairment testing of goodwill in 2023, our CGUs or groups of CGUs will correspond to our new reporting
segments, notably Bell CTS and Bell Media.




                                                                                                                           27
Note 4                      Business acquisitions and disposition

Acquisition of Distributel Communications Limited (Distributel)
On December 1, 2022, Bell acquired Distributel, a national independent communications provider offering a wide range of
consumer, business and wholesale communications services, for cash consideration of $303 million ($282 million net of
cash acquired) and $39 million of estimated additional cash consideration contingent on the achievement of certain
performance objectives. This contingent consideration is expected to be settled by 2026 and the maximum contingent
consideration payable is $65 million. The acquisition of Distributel is expected to support Bell’s strategy to grow residential
and business customers. The results of Distributel are included in our Bell Wireline segment.

The allocation of the purchase price includes provisional estimates, in particular for indefinite and finite-life intangibles. The
following table summarizes the fair value of the consideration paid and the fair value assigned to each major class of
assets and liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                                         Total
Cash consideration                                                                                                                                                       303
Contingent consideration                                                                                                                                                  39
Total cost to be allocated                                                                                                                                               342
      Other non-cash working capital                                                                                                                                      14
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                                       29
      Indefinite-life intangible assets (1)                                                                                                                               84
      Finite-life intangibles (2)                                                                                                                                         52
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                  8
      Other long-term assets                                                                                                                                               4
      Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                                                               (28)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                                                                                (3)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                           (39)
      Other long-term liabilities                                                                                                                                         (6)
                                                                                                                                                                         115
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                 21
Fair value of net assets acquired                                                                                                                                        136
Goodwill (3)                                                                                                                                                             206
(1)   Consists mainly of brand and digital assets.
(2)   Consists mainly of customer relationships.
(3)   Goodwill arises principally from expected synergies and future growth and is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to our Bell Wireline group of cash-
      generating units (CGUs).




Operating revenues of $14 million from Distributel are included in the income statements from the date of acquisition.
BCE’s consolidated operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 would have been $24,309 million had the
acquisition of Distributel occurred on January 1, 2022. This proforma amount reflects the elimination of intercompany
transactions and the purchase price allocation. The transaction did not have a significant impact on our net earnings for
2022.




28
Acquisition of EBOX and other related companies
In February 2022, Bell acquired EBOX and other related companies, which provide Internet, telephone and TV services to
consumers and businesses in Québec and parts of Ontario, for cash consideration of $153 million ($139 million net of cash
acquired). The acquisition of EBOX and other related companies is expected to accelerate growth in Bell’s residential and
small business customers. The results of EBOX and other related companies are included in our Bell Wireline segment.

The following table summarizes the fair value of the consideration paid and the fair value assigned to each major class of
assets and liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                                         Total
Cash consideration                                                                                                                                                        153
Total cost to be allocated                                                                                                                                                153
      Other non-cash working capital                                                                                                                                        5
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                                          5
      Indefinite-life intangible assets (1)                                                                                                                                 17
      Finite-life intangible and other assets (2)                                                                                                                           15
      Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                                                                (17)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                                                                                 (5)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                             (9)
                                                                                                                                                                            11
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                  14
Fair value of net assets acquired                                                                                                                                          25
Goodwill (3)                                                                                                                                                              128
(1)   Consists of brand and digital assets.
(2)   Consists mainly of customer relationships.
(3)   Goodwill arises principally from expected synergies and future growth and is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to our Bell Wireline group of cash-
      generating units (CGUs).


Operating revenues of $41 million from EBOX and other related parties are included in the income statements from the
date of acquisition. The transaction did not have a significant impact on net earnings for 2022.



Disposition of production studios
In December 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell our 63% ownership in certain production studios and production
studios currently under construction, which are included in our Bell Media segment. The transaction is expected to close in
the first half of 2023 once we achieve substantial completion of the construction of the production studios and subject to
customary closing conditions. As at December 31, 2022, construction of the production studios was ongoing and there
remain significant construction activities which must be completed. We estimate we will receive cash proceeds of
approximately $220 million from the sale transaction, which amount may vary primarily based on the actual cost incurred to
complete the construction of the production studios.




                                                                                                                                                                             29
Note 5                       Operating costs
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                             NOTE                   2022                  2021
Labour costs
   Wages, salaries and related taxes and benefits(1)                                                                                          (4,250)              (4,233)
   Post-employment benefit plans service cost (net of capitalized amounts)                                                     27               (249)                (266)
   Other labour costs(1) (2)                                                                                                                  (1,054)              (1,016)
Less:
   Capitalized labour                                                                                                                          1,136                1,068
Total labour costs                                                                                                                            (4,417)              (4,447)
Cost of revenues(1) (3)                                                                                                                       (7,641)              (7,284)
Other operating costs (1) (4)                                                                                                                 (1,917)              (1,825)
Total operating costs                                                                                                                        (13,975)             (13,556)
(1)   We have reclassified amounts from the previous period to make them consistent with the presentation for the current period.
(2)   Other labour costs include contractor and outsourcing costs.
(3)   Cost of revenues includes costs of wireless devices and other equipment sold, network and content costs, and payments to other carriers.
(4)   Other operating costs include marketing, advertising and sales commission costs, bad debt expense, taxes other than income taxes, information technology costs,
      professional service fees and rent.


Research and development expenses of $57 million are included in operating costs for 2022 and 2021.



Note 6                       Severance, acquisition and other costs
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                    2022                  2021
Severance                                                                                                                                         (83)                  (171)
Acquisition and other                                                                                                                             (11)                   (38)
Total severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                                      (94)                  (209)

Severance costs
Severance costs consist of charges related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations.

Acquisition and other costs
Acquisition and other costs consist of transaction costs, such as legal and financial advisory fees, related to completed or
potential acquisitions, employee severance costs related to the purchase of a business, the costs to integrate acquired
companies into our operations, costs relating to litigation and regulatory decisions, when they are significant, and other
costs.



Note 7                       Interest expense
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                    2022                  2021
Interest expense on long-term debt                                                                                                            (1,148)              (1,088)
Interest expense on other debt                                                                                                                  (126)                 (57)
Capitalized interest                                                                                                                             128                   63
Total interest expense                                                                                                                        (1,146)              (1,082)

Included in interest expense on long-term debt is interest on lease liabilities of $165 million and $177 million for 2022 and
2021, respectively.

Capitalized interest was calculated using an average rate of 3.83% for 2022 and 2021, which represents the weighted
average interest rate on our outstanding long-term debt.




30
Note 8            Impairment of assets
2022

During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized $147 million of impairment charges for French TV channels within our
Bell Media segment. The impairment charges were the result of a reduction in advertising demand in the industry resulting
from global economic uncertainties and unfavourable impacts to assumptions for discount rates. These charges included
$94 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences, and $53 million to finite-life intangible assets
for program and feature film rights. The impairment was determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to their
fair value less cost of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the CGUs using the discounted cash flow valuation models,
which include five-year cash flow projections derived from business plans reviewed by senior management for the period
of October 1, 2022 to December 31, 2027, using a discount rate of 10.3% and a perpetuity growth rate of 0.5%. After
impairments, the carrying value of our impacted CGUs was $109 million. In previous years' impairment analysis, the
company's French Pay and French TV channels were tested for recoverability as one French CGU. In 2022, the French
Pay channels are now grouped with English Pay channels to form one CGU as a result of Bell Media launching a single
bilingual premium pay product.

There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill. See Note 22, Goodwill, for further details.


Additionally in 2022, we recorded impairment charges of $132 million related mainly to right-of-use assets for certain office
spaces we ceased using as part of our real estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.
2021
During the second quarter of 2021, we identified indicators of impairment for our Bell Media radio markets, notably a
decline in advertising revenue and an increase in the discount rate resulting from the impact of the ongoing COVID-19
pandemic. Accordingly, impairment testing was required for our group of radio CGUs.

During Q2 2021, we recognized $163 million of impairment charges for various radio markets within our Bell Media
segment. These charges included $150 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences, and
$13 million to property, plant and equipment mainly for buildings and network infrastructure and equipment. They were
determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to their fair value less cost of disposal. We estimated the fair
value of the CGUs using both discounted cash flows and market-based valuation models, which include five-year cash
flow projections derived from business plans reviewed by senior management for the period of July 1, 2021 to December
31, 2026, using a discount rate of 8.5% and a perpetuity growth rate of (2.0%), as well as market multiple data from public
companies and market transactions. After impairments, the carrying value of our group of radio CGUs was $235 million.

There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill. See Note 22, Goodwill, for further details.




                                                                                                                                 31
Note 9               Other (expense) income
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                NOTE          2022         2021
Net mark-to-market (losses) gains on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled
share-based compensation plans                                                                              (53)         278
Equity losses from investments in associates and joint ventures                                  20
  Loss on investment                                                                                        (42)         (49)
  Operations                                                                                                (19)         (46)
Losses on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                  (27)         (24)
Gains (losses) on investments                                                                    16          24           (6)
Early debt redemption costs                                                                      25         (18)         (53)
Other                                                                                                        20           60
Total other (expense) income                                                                               (115)         160



Equity losses from investments in associates and joint ventures
We recorded a loss on investment of $42 million and $49 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to equity losses on
our share of an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint ventures. The obligation is
marked to market each reporting period and the gain or loss on investment is recorded as equity gains or losses from
investments in associates and joint ventures.


Gains (losses) on investments
In 2022, we completed the previously announced sale of our wholly-owned subsidiary 6362222 Canada Inc. (Createch)
and recorded a gain on sale of $39 million. See Note 16, Assets held for sale, for additional details.

Additionally, in 2022, we recorded a loss on investment of $13 million related to an obligation to repurchase at fair value
the minority interest in one of our subsidiaries.



Note 10              Income taxes

The following table shows the significant components of income taxes deducted from net earnings.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                            2022            2021
Current taxes
   Current taxes                                                                                         (878)           (872)
   Uncertain tax positions                                                                                 91              12
   Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                             8              42
Deferred taxes
   Deferred taxes relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                      (176)           (184)
   Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                            (8)            (40)
   Recognition and utilization of loss carryforwards                                                       (4)            (21)
   Previously unrecognized tax benefits                                                                    —               15
   Uncertain tax positions                                                                                 —                4
Total income taxes                                                                                       (967)         (1,044)




32
The following table reconciles the amount of reported income taxes in the income statements with income taxes calculated
at a statutory income tax rate of 26.8% for 2022 and 2021.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                     2022               2021
Net earnings                                                                                                  2,926                2,892
Add back income taxes                                                                                           967                1,044
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                  3,893                3,936
Applicable statutory tax rate                                                                                  26.8 %               26.8 %
Income taxes computed at applicable statutory rates                                                          (1,043)              (1,055)
Non-taxable portion of gains (losses) on investments                                                              4                   (1)
Uncertain tax positions                                                                                          91                   16
Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                                     —                     2
Non-taxable portion of equity losses                                                                            (18)                 (26)
Previously unrecognized tax benefits                                                                             —                    15
Other                                                                                                            (1)                   5
Total income taxes                                                                                             (967)              (1,044)
Average effective tax rate                                                                                     24.8 %               26.5 %


The following table shows aggregate current and deferred taxes relating to items recognized outside the income
statements.
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                2022                                   2021
                                                                        OTHER                                OTHER
                                                                COMPREHENSIVE                        COMPREHENSIVE
                                                                       INCOME             DEFICIT           INCOME                 DEFICIT

Current taxes                                                                —                  3                    —                  1
Deferred taxes                                                              (73)               (7)                 (677)               30
Total income taxes (expense) recovery                                       (73)               (4)                 (677)               31


The following table shows deferred taxes resulting from temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities recognized in the statements of financial position and their corresponding tax basis, as well as tax loss
carryforwards.
                                                                                                      PROPERTY,
                                                                                                      PLANT AND
                                                                 NON-                                EQUIPMENT
                                                              CAPITAL         POST-   INDEFINITE-    AND FINITE-
                                                                 LOSS   EMPLOYMENT           LIFE           LIFE
                                                               CARRY-       BENEFIT   INTANGIBLE     INTANGIBLE
NET DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY                       NOTE       FORWARDS         PLANS        ASSETS         ASSETS       OTHER         TOTAL
January 1, 2021                                                   69           185       (1,717)        (2,175)            (66)    (3,704)
Income statement                                                 (10)            2           16           (253)             19       (226)
Business acquisitions                                              4            —            —              (9)              1         (4)
Other comprehensive income                                        —           (653)          —              —              (24)      (677)
Deficit                                                           —             —            —              16              14         30
Reclassified to liabilities held for sale              16         —             —            —               4               1          5
Other                                                             —             —            —              —                2          2
December 31, 2021                                                 63          (466)      (1,701)        (2,417)            (53)    (4,574)
Income statement                                                  (4)           15          (40)          (307)            148       (188)
Business acquisitions                                              1            —           (26)           (21)              3        (43)
Other comprehensive (income) loss                                 —           (151)          —              —               78        (73)
Deficit                                                           —             —            —              —               (7)        (7)
Other                                                             —             —            —              —               16         16
December 31, 2022                                                 60          (602)      (1,767)        (2,745)            185     (4,869)




                                                                                                                                        33
At December 31, 2022, BCE had $251 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. We:

      •    recognized a deferred tax asset of $60 million for $231 million of the non-capital loss carryforwards. These non-
           capital loss carryforwards expire in varying annual amounts from 2025 to 2042.
      •    did not recognize a deferred tax asset for $20 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. This balance expires in
           varying annual amounts from 2023 to 2042.

At December 31, 2022, BCE had $67 million of unrecognized capital loss carryforwards, which can be carried forward
indefinitely.

At December 31, 2021, BCE had $266 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. We:

      •    recognized a deferred tax asset of $63 million for $249 million of the non-capital loss carryforwards. These non-
           capital loss carryforwards expire in varying annual amounts from 2024 to 2041.
      •    did not recognize a deferred tax asset for $17 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. This balance expires in
           varying annual amounts from 2023 to 2041.

At December 31, 2021, BCE had $69 million of unrecognized capital loss carryforwards, which can be carried forward
indefinitely.



Note 11                   Earnings per share
The following table shows the components used in the calculation of basic and diluted net earnings per common share for
earnings attributable to common shareholders.
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                             2022                  2021
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders - basic                                                                                2,716                   2,709
Dividends declared per common share (in dollars)                                                                                         3.68                    3.50
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding (in millions)
  Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic                                                                          911.5                   906.3
  Assumed exercise of stock options(1)                                                                                                    0.5                     0.4
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (in millions)                                                            912.0                   906.7
(1) The calculation of the assumed exercise of stock options includes the effect of the average unrecognized future compensation cost of dilutive options. It
     excludes options for which the exercise price is higher than the average market value of a BCE common share. The number of excluded options was nil in 2022
     and 3,302,850 in 2021.




Note 12                   Trade and other receivables
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                       NOTE                 2022                   2021
Trade receivables (1)                                                                                                                   4,102               3,843
Allowance for revenue adjustments                                                                                                        (160)               (169)
Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                                         29               (129)               (136)
Current tax receivable                                                                                                                     48                 121
Commodity taxes receivable                                                                                                                 11                 102
Other accounts receivable                                                                                                                 266                 188
Total trade and other receivables                                                                                                       4,138               3,949
(1) The details of securitized receivables are set out in Note 24, Debt due within one year.




34
Wireless device financing plan receivables
Wireless device financing plan receivables represent amounts owed to us under financing agreements that have not yet
been billed. The current portion of these balances is included in Trade receivables within the Trade and other receivables
line item on our statements of financial position and the long-term portion is included within the Other non-current assets
line item on our statements of financial position.

The following table summarizes our wireless device financing plan receivables.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                            NOTE               2022              2021
Current                                                                                                                    1,021             1,040
Non-current                                                                                                  21              386               387
Total wireless device financing plan receivables (1)                                                                       1,407             1,427

(1) Excludes allowance for doubtful accounts and allowance for revenue adjustments on the current portion of $46 million and $44 million at December
   31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and allowance for doubtful accounts and allowance for revenue adjustments on the non-current portion
   of $15 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.




Note 13                Inventory
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                               2022              2021
Wireless devices and accessories                                                                                             238               189
Merchandise and other                                                                                                        418               293
Total inventory                                                                                                              656               482


The total amount of inventory subsequently recognized as an expense in cost of revenues was $3,184 million and $3,080
million for 2022 and 2021, respectively.




                                                                                                                                                  35
Note 14 Contract assets and liabilities
The table below provides a reconciliation of the significant changes in the contract assets and the contract liabilities
balances.
                                                                                                Contract assets (1)           Contract liabilities
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                       NOTE          2022          2021            2022            2021
Opening balance, January 1                                                                           665            943         1,045              959
Revenue recognized included in contract liabilities at the beginning of
the year                                                                                               —             —           (736)             (678)
Revenue recognized from contract liabilities included in contract
assets at the beginning of the year                                                                   89            141            —                —
Increase in contract liabilities during the year                                                                     —            794              752
Increase in contract liabilities included in contract assets during the
year                                                                                                 (83)          (115)           —              —
Increase in contract assets from revenue recognized during the year                                  728            664            —              —
Contract assets transferred to trade receivables                                                    (586)          (859)           14             50
Acquisitions                                                                              4           —              —              8             13
Contract terminations transferred to trade receivables                                               (50)           (89)           (1)             4
Reclassified to liabilities held for sale                                               16            —              —             —              (7)
Other                                                                                                (39)           (20)          (39)           (48)
Ending balance, December 31                                                                          724            665         1,085          1,045
(1) Net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $19 million and $20 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. See Note 29,
   Financial and capital management, for additional details.



Note 15 Contract costs
The table below provides a reconciliation of the contract costs balance.
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                   NOTE            2022              2021
Opening balance, January 1                                                                                                       894                764
Incremental costs of obtaining a contract and contract fulfillment costs                                                         807                635
Amortization included in operating costs                                                                                        (558)              (504)
Acquisitions                                                                                                                      —                   3
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                                                                16            —                  (4)
Ending balance, December 31                                                                                                    1,143                894


Contract costs are amortized over periods ranging from 12 to 84 months.




36
Note 16              Assets held for sale

On March 1, 2022, we completed the previously announced sale of our wholly-owned subsidiary Createch, a consulting
business that specializes in the optimization of business processes and implementation of technological solutions, which
was included in our Bell Wireline segment. We recorded cash proceeds of $54 million and a gain on sale of $39 million
(before tax expense of $2 million) in Other (expense) income.

Our results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included Createch revenue of $10 million and $64 million
and net earnings of nil and $5 million, respectively.

The assets and liabilities of Createch were presented as held for sale in our statement of financial position at December
31, 2021, measured at their carrying amount, which is lower than the estimated fair value less costs to sell. Property, plant
and equipment and intangible assets included in assets held for sale were no longer depreciated or amortized effective
December 2021.

The following table summarizes the carrying value of the assets and liabilities that are classified as held for sale at
December 31, 2021.
                                                                                                                          2021
  Trade and other receivables                                                                                              29
  Contract costs                                                                                                            4
  Prepaid expenses                                                                                                          1
  Property, plant and equipment                                                                                             2
  Intangible assets                                                                                                         1
  Other non-current assets                                                                                                  7
  Goodwill                                                                                                                  6
Total assets held for sale                                                                                                 50
  Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                     18
  Contract liabilities                                                                                                      7
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                  5
  Other non-current liabilities                                                                                             5
Total liabilities held for sale                                                                                            35
Net assets held for sale                                                                                                   15




                                                                                                                            37
Note 17                   Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                            NETWORK
                                                                                     INFRASTRUCTURE        LAND AND      ASSETS UNDER
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022                                       NOTE      AND EQUIPMENT (1)   BUILDINGS (1)   CONSTRUCTION     TOTAL
COST
January 1, 2022                                                                                70,923          8,889            2,241    82,053
Additions                                                                                       2,824            394            2,675     5,893
Business combinations/(business disposition)                                                       11            (28)               3       (14)
Transfers                                                                                       1,180             51           (2,318)   (1,087)
Retirements and disposals                                                                      (3,063)           (35)              (3)   (3,101)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                         8                 —            (132)              —       (132)
December 31, 2022                                                                              71,875          9,139            2,598    83,612
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
January 1, 2022                                                                                49,122          4,696               —     53,818
Depreciation                                                                                    3,195            465               —      3,660
Business disposition                                                                              (14)            (7)              —        (21)
Retirements and disposals                                                                      (3,025)           (28)              —     (3,053)
Transfers                                                                                           2             (2)              —         —
Other                                                                                             (44)            (4)              —        (48)
December 31, 2022                                                                              49,236          5,120               —     54,356
NET CARRYING AMOUNT
January 1, 2022                                                                                21,801          4,193            2,241    28,235
December 31, 2022                                                                              22,639          4,019            2,598    29,256
(1) Includes right-of-use assets. See Note 18, Leases, for additional details.




38
                                                                                        NETWORK
                                                                                 INFRASTRUCTURE        LAND AND      ASSETS UNDER
  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021                                      NOTE AND EQUIPMENT (1)   BUILDINGS (1)   CONSTRUCTION     TOTAL
  COST
  January 1, 2021                                                                          69,477          7,832            1,889    79,198
  Additions                                                                                 2,643            326            2,515     5,484
  Business combinations                                                                         2             12               —         14
  Transfers                                                                                   358            771           (2,163)   (1,034)
  Retirements and disposals                                                                (1,550)           (37)              —     (1,587)
  Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                        8            (4)           (15)              —        (19)
  Reclassified to assets held for sale                                           16            (3)            —                —         (3)
  December 31, 2021                                                                        70,923          8,889            2,241    82,053
  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
  January 1, 2021                                                                          47,563          4,122               —     51,685
  Depreciation                                                                              3,220            407               —      3,627
  Retirements and disposals                                                                (1,515)           (27)              —     (1,542)
  Transfers                                                                                   (95)           191               —         96
  Reclassified to assets held for sale                                           16            (1)            —                —         (1)
  Other                                                                                       (50)             3               —        (47)
  December 31, 2021                                                                        49,122          4,696               —     53,818
  NET CARRYING AMOUNT
  January 1, 2021                                                                          21,914          3,710            1,889    27,513
  December 31, 2021                                                                        21,801          4,193            2,241    28,235

(1) Includes right-of-use assets. See Note 18, Leases, for additional details.




                                                                                                                                              39
Note 18             Leases
Right-of-use assets
BCE’s significant right-of-use assets under leases are satellites, office premises, land, cellular tower sites, retail outlets and
OOH advertising spaces. Right-of-use assets are presented in Property, plant and equipment in the statements of financial
position.

                                                                                        NETWORK
                                                                                 INFRASTRUCTURE       LAND AND
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022                                    NOTE       AND EQUIPMENT     BUILDINGS       TOTAL
COST
January 1, 2022                                                                             3,240        3,931       7,171
Additions                                                                                     681          336       1,017
Transfers                                                                                    (195)           (6)      (201)
Business combinations/(business disposition)                                                    2           (11)        (9)
Lease terminations                                                                            (35)           (7)       (42)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                     8                 —          (124)       (124)
December 31, 2022                                                                           3,693        4,119       7,812
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
January 1, 2022                                                                             1,554        1,538       3,092
Depreciation                                                                                  374          335         709
Transfers                                                                                    (112)          (5)       (117)
Business disposition                                                                           —            (7)         (7)
Lease terminations                                                                            (12)          (3)        (15)
December 31, 2022                                                                           1,804        1,858       3,662
NET CARRYING AMOUNT
January 1, 2022                                                                             1,686        2,393       4,079
December 31, 2022                                                                           1,889        2,261       4,150




40
                                                                                           NETWORK
                                                                                    INFRASTRUCTURE     LAND AND
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021                                       NOTE       AND EQUIPMENT   BUILDINGS      TOTAL
COST
January 1, 2021                                                                              3,690       2,995       6,685
Additions                                                                                      574         214         788
Transfers                                                                                     (977)        722        (255)
Business combinations                                                                           —           12          12
Lease terminations                                                                             (47)         (6)        (53)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                        8               —           (6)         (6)
December 31, 2021                                                                            3,240       3,931       7,171
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
January 1, 2021                                                                              1,473       1,086       2,559
Depreciation                                                                                   419         275         694
Transfers                                                                                     (310)        177        (133)
Lease terminations                                                                             (28)         —          (28)
December 31, 2021                                                                            1,554       1,538       3,092
NET CARRYING AMOUNT
January 1, 2021                                                                              2,217       1,909       4,126
December 31, 2021                                                                            1,686       2,393       4,079


Leases in net earnings
The following table provides the expenses related to leases recognized in net earnings.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                2022            2021
Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                         165             177
Variable lease payment expenses not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                          133             122
Expenses for leases of low value assets                                                                        60              60
Expenses for short-term leases                                                                                 27              31

Leases in the statements of cash flows
Total cash outflow related to leases was $1,272 million and $1,202 million for the period ended December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, respectively.

Additional disclosures
See Note 24, Debt due within one year, and Note 25, Long-term debt, for lease liabilities balances included in the
statements of financial position.
See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for a maturity analysis of lease liabilities.
See Note 34, Commitments and contingencies, for leases committed but not yet commenced as at December 31, 2022.




                                                                                                                               41
Note 19 Intangible assets
                                         FINITE-LIFE                             INDEFINITE-LIFE
                                             PROGRAM
                                                   AND
FOR THE YEAR                      CUSTOMER FEATURE                           SPECTRUM                        TOTAL
ENDED DECEMBER                     RELATION-       FILM                      AND OTHER BROADCAST        INTANGIBLE
31, 2022            NOTE SOFTWARE      SHIPS    RIGHTS OTHER    TOTAL BRANDS  LICENCES   LICENCES TOTAL     ASSETS
COST
January 1, 2022              9,565     1,736      631    404 12,336      2,409     5,786       1,580 9,775       22,111
Additions                      484         1    1,208      7 1,700          —         44          —     44        1,744
Acquired through
business
combinations                     6        65       —      3        74      26        75             —     101       175
Transfers                    1,087        —        —      —     1,087      —         —              —      —      1,087
Retirements and
disposals                     (599)       —        —      (7)   (606)       —         —             —      —       (606)
Impairment losses
recognized in
earnings                8       —         —       (53)    —       (53)      —         —            (94)   (94)     (147)
Amortization
included in
operating costs                 —         —    (1,183)    — (1,183)         —         —           —     —        (1,183)
December 31, 2022           10,543     1,802      603    407 13,355      2,435     5,905       1,486 9,826       23,181
ACCUMULATED
AMORTIZATION
January 1, 2022              5,407       969       —     165    6,541       —         —             —      —      6,541
Amortization                   926        91       —      46    1,063       —         —             —      —      1,063
Retirements and
disposals                     (599)       —        —      (7)    (606)      —         —             —      —       (606)
December 31, 2022            5,734     1,060       —     204    6,998       —         —             —      —      6,998
NET CARRYING
AMOUNT
January 1, 2022              4,158       767     631     239    5,795    2,409     5,786       1,580 9,775       15,570
December 31, 2022            4,809       742     603     203    6,357    2,435     5,905       1,486 9,826       16,183




42
                                              FINITE-LIFE                                                       INDEFINITE-LIFE
                                                  PROGRAM
                                                        AND                                          SPECTRUM
FOR THE YEAR                           CUSTOMER FEATURE                                              AND OTHER                         TOTAL
ENDED DECEMBER                          RELATION-       FILM                                          LICENCES   BROADCAST        INTANGIBLE
                                                                                                             (1)
31, 2021                 NOTE SOFTWARE      SHIPS    RIGHTS OTHER                       TOTAL BRANDS               LICENCES TOTAL     ASSETS
COST
January 1, 2021                        9,169          1,736          645       469 12,019          2,409         3,701           1,730     7,840         19,859
Additions                                361             —         1,034        19  1,414             —          2,085              —      2,085          3,499
Acquired through
business
combinations                              —               —            —        52         52          —             —               —         —             52
Transfers                              1,154              —            —      (125)     1,029          —             —               —         —          1,029
Retirements and
disposals                             (1,089)             —            —        (11) (1,100)           —             —               —         —         (1,100)
Impairment losses
recognized in
earnings                       8          (28)            —            —         —         (28)        —             —            (150)     (150)           (178)
Amortization
included in operating
costs                                      —              —       (1,048)        —     (1,048)         —             —               —         —         (1,048)
Reclassified to
assets held for sale          16          (2)            —             —        —      (2)            —             —               —         —              (2)
December 31, 2021                      9,565          1,736           631      404 12,336          2,409         5,786           1,580     9,775         22,111
ACCUMULATED
AMORTIZATION
January 1, 2021                        5,644            878            —       235      6,757          —             —               —         —          6,757
Amortization                             851             91            —        40        982          —             —               —         —            982
Retirements and
disposals                             (1,087)             —            —        (11) (1,098)           —             —               —         —         (1,098)
Transfers                                 —               —            —        (99)    (99)           —             —               —         —            (99)
Reclassified to
assets held for sale          16          (1)            —             —        —          (1)         —             —               —         —             (1)
December 31, 2021                      5,407            969            —       165      6,541          —             —               —         —          6,541
NET CARRYING
AMOUNT
January 1, 2021                        3,525            858           645      234      5,262      2,409         3,701           1,730     7,840         13,102
December 31, 2021                      4,158            767           631      239      5,795      2,409         5,786           1,580     9,775         15,570
(1) On December 17, 2021, Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility) acquired 271 licences in a number of urban and rural markets for 678 million megahertz per population
    (MHz-Pop) of 3500 MHz spectrum for $2.07 billion.




                                                                                                                                                               43
Note 20 Investments in associates and joint ventures
The following tables provide summarized financial information with respect to BCE’s associates and joint ventures. For
more details on our associates and joint ventures, see Note 35, Related party transactions.

Statements of financial position

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                  2022            2021
Assets                                                                                                                        3,857            3,852
Liabilities                                                                                                                  (2,641)          (2,523)
Total net assets                                                                                                              1,216            1,329
BCE’s share of net assets                                                                                                       608              668



Income statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                 NOTE                      2022                   2021
Revenues                                                                                                               2,335                   1,855
Expenses                                                                                                              (2,456)                 (2,047)
Total net losses                                                                                                        (121)                   (192)
BCE’s share of net losses                                                                          9                     (61)                    (95)




Note 21                 Other non-current assets
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                              NOTE                2022            2021
Long-term wireless device financing plan receivables                                                          12                386             387
Long-term receivables                                                                                                           255             221
Derivative assets                                                                                             29                233             274
Publicly-traded and privately-held investments                                                                29                215             183
Investments(1)                                                                                                 29               184             185
Other                                                                                                                            82              56
Total other non-current assets                                                                                                1,355           1,306

(1) These amounts have been pledged as security related to obligations for certain employee benefits and are not available for general use.




44
Note 22               Goodwill
The following table provides details about the changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. BCE’s groups of CGUs for purposes of goodwill impairment testing correspond to our
reporting segments.
                                                                         BELL            BELL           BELL
                                                          NOTE       WIRELESS        WIRELINE          MEDIA             BCE
Balance at January 1, 2021                                              3,046           4,612          2,946         10,604
Acquisitions and other                                                     —              (26)            —             (26)
Reclassified to assets held for sale                         16            —               (6)            —              (6)
Balance at December 31, 2021                                            3,046           4,580          2,946         10,572
Acquisitions and other                                        4            —              334             —             334
Balance at December 31, 2022                                            3,046           4,914          2,946         10,906



Impairment testing
As described in Note 2, Significant accounting policies, goodwill is tested annually for impairment or when there is an
indication that goodwill may be impaired, by comparing the carrying value of a CGU or group of CGUs to the recoverable
amount, where the recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal or value in use.

RECOVERABLE AMOUNT

The recoverable amount for each of the Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline group of CGUs is its value in use. The recoverable
amount for the Bell Media group of CGUs is its fair value less costs of disposal.

The recoverable amount for our groups of CGUs is determined by discounting five-year cash flow projections derived from
business plans reviewed by senior management. The projections reflect management’s expectations of revenue, adjusted
EBITDA, capital expenditures, working capital and operating cash flows, based on past experience and future expectations
of operating performance, including any impact from rising interest rates and inflation. Revenue and cost projections for the
Bell Media group of CGUs also reflect market participant assumptions.

Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using perpetuity growth rates. None of the perpetuity growth rates
exceeds the long-term historical growth rates for the markets in which we operate.

The discount rates are applied to the cash flow projections and are derived from the weighted average cost of capital for
each CGU or group of CGUs, including any impact from rising interest rates.




                                                                                                                            45
The following table shows the key assumptions used to estimate the recoverable amounts of our groups of CGUs.
                                                                                                                  ASSUMPTIONS USED
                                                                                                                PERPETUITY     DISCOUNT
GROUPS OF CGUs                                                                                                GROWTH RATE          RATE
Bell Wireless                                                                                                             0.8 %                9.1 %
Bell Wireline                                                                                                             1.0 %                6.0 %
Bell Media                                                                                                                0.9 %                9.6 %


The recoverable amounts determined in a prior year for the Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline groups of CGUs exceed their
corresponding current carrying values by a substantial margin and have been carried forward and used in the impairment
test for the current year. We believe that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions on which the estimates
of recoverable amounts of the Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline groups of CGUs are based would not cause their carrying
amounts to exceed their recoverable amounts.

For the Bell Media group of CGUs, a decrease of (0.9%) in the perpetuity growth rate or an increase of 0.6% in the
discount rate would have resulted in its recoverable amount being equal to its carrying value.



Note 23                 Trade payables and other liabilities
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                    NOTE            2022           2021
Trade payables and accruals                                                                     3,602          2,931
Compensation payable                                                                              607            622
Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) financial liability (1)              29           149            149
Commodity taxes payable                                                                           108             31
Derivative liabilities                                                                29          106             40
Provisions                                                                            26           74             81
Other current liabilities (2)                                                                     575            601
Total trade payables and other liabilities                                                      5,221          4,455
(1) Represents BCE’s obligation to repurchase the BCE Master Trust Fund’s (Master Trust Fund) 9% interest in MLSE at a price not less than an agreed
    minimum price should the Master Trust Fund exercise its put option. The obligation to repurchase is marked to market each reporting period and the
    gain or loss is recorded in Other (expense) income in the income statements. Subsequent to year end, BCE repurchased the Master Trust Fund's
    interest for a cash consideration of $149 million.
(2) Includes a $28 million and $82 million liability as at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to committed funding from the
    Government of Québec.




46
Note 24                   Debt due within one year
                                                                                                        WEIGHTED
                                                                                                         AVERAGE
                                                                                                    INTEREST RATE
                                                                                                  AT DECEMBER 31,
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                       NOTE                     2022                        2022                2021
                 (1)
Notes payable                                                                            29                      4.27 %                  869                  735
Loans secured by receivables(2)                                                          29                      5.19 %                1,588                  900
Long-term debt due within one year(3)                                                    25                      4.79 %                1,680                  990
Total debt due within one year                                                                                                         4,137                2,625

(1) Includes commercial paper of $627 million in U.S. dollars ($849 million in Canadian dollars) and $561 million in U.S. dollars ($711 million in Canadian dollars)
    as at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which were issued under our U.S. commercial paper program and have been hedged for
    foreign currency fluctuations through forward currency contracts. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(2) At December 31, 2022, loans secured by receivables totaled $1,173 million in U.S. dollars ($1,588 million in Canadian dollars) and have been hedged for
    foreign currency fluctuations through foreign currency forward contracts. At December 31, 2021, loans secured by receivables totaled $900 million in Canadian
    dollars. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(3) Included in long-term debt due within one year is the current portion of lease liabilities of $930 million and $864 million as at December 31, 2022 and December
    31, 2021, respectively.



Securitized receivables
In 2022, we entered into a new securitization program which replaced our previous securitized trade receivables program
and now includes wireless device financing plan receivables. As a result, the maximum amount available under our
securitization program increased from $1.3 billion at December 31, 2021 to $2.3 billion at December 31, 2022.

The following table provides further details on our securitized receivables programs during 2022 and 2021.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                          2022                  2021
Average interest rate throughout the year                                                                                           3.15 %                1.07 %
Securitized receivables                                                                                                            3,353                 1,701


Similar to the previous program, the securitization program is recorded as a floating rate revolving loan secured by certain
receivables. We continue to service trade receivables and wireless device financing plan receivables under the
securitization program, which matures in July 2025 unless previously terminated. The lenders' interest in the collection of
these receivables ranks ahead of our interests, which means that we are exposed to certain risks of default on the
amounts securitized.

We have provided various credit enhancements in the form of overcollateralization and subordination of our retained
interests.

The lenders have no further claim on our other assets if customers do not pay the amounts owed.

In 2021, we terminated our other securitized trade receivables program and repaid the $150 million balance outstanding
under the program.




                                                                                                                                                                 47
Credit facilities

Bell Canada may issue notes under its Canadian and U.S. commercial paper programs up to the maximum aggregate
principal amount of $3 billion in either Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no time shall such maximum amount of
notes exceed $3.5 billion in Canadian currency, which equals the aggregate amount available under Bell Canada’s
committed supporting revolving and expansion credit facilities as at December 31, 2022. The total amount of the net
available committed revolving and expansion credit facilities may be drawn at any time.

The table below is a summary of our total bank credit facilities at December 31, 2022.
                                                                                                                                       COMMERCIAL
                                                                                      TOTAL                        LETTERS OF               PAPER                NET
                                                                                  AVAILABLE          DRAWN             CREDIT         OUTSTANDING          AVAILABLE
Committed credit facilities
 Unsecured revolving and expansion credit facilities (1)(2)                            3,500               —                  —                   849           2,651
 Unsecured non-revolving credit facilities(3)                                            647               —                  —                    —              647
 Other                                                                                   106               —                  96                   —               10
Total committed credit facilities                                                      4,253               —                  96                  849           3,308
Total non-committed credit facilities                                                  1,939               —                 808                   —            1,131
Total committed and non-committed credit facilities                                    6,192               —                 904                  849           4,439
(1) Bell Canada’s $2.5 billion committed revolving credit facility expires in August 2027 and its $1 billion committed expansion credit facility expires in August 2025.
    In 2022, Bell Canada converted its committed credit facilities into a sustainability-linked loan. The amendment introduces a borrowing cost that varies based on
    Bell's performance of certain sustainability performance targets.
(2) As of December 31, 2022, Bell Canada’s outstanding commercial paper included $627 million in U.S. dollars ($849 million in Canadian dollars). All of Bell
    Canada’s commercial paper outstanding is included in Debt due within one year.
(3) In 2022, Bell Canada entered into two 30-year senior unsecured non-revolving credit facilities in the aggregate principal amount of up to $647 million to partly
    fund the expansion of its broadband networks as part of government subsidy programs.



Restrictions
Some of our credit agreements:

     •     require us to meet specific financial ratios
     •     require us to offer to repay and cancel the credit agreement upon a change of control of BCE or Bell Canada

We are in compliance with all conditions and restrictions under such credit agreements.




48
Note 25                   Long-term debt
                                                                                     WEIGHTED
                                                                                      AVERAGE
                                                                               INTEREST RATE AT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                       NOTE     DECEMBER 31, 2022               MATURITY                  2022                2021
   Debt securities
     1997 trust indenture (1)                                                                3.82 %           2023-2051              16,747             16,750
     1976 trust indenture                                                                    9.38 %           2027-2054                 975                975
     2011 trust indenture                                                                    4.00 %                2024                 225                225
     2016 U.S. trust indenture (2)                                                           3.32 %           2024-2052               6,525              5,188
     1996 trust indenture (subordinated)                                                     8.21 %           2026-2031                 275                275
   Lease liabilities                                                                         4.53 %           2023-2068               4,402              4,309
   Other                                                                                                                                449                438
Total debt                                                                                                                           29,598             28,160
   Net unamortized discount                                                                                                             (34)               (26)
   Unamortized debt issuance costs                                                                                                     (101)               (96)
   Less:
     Amount due within one year                                         24                                                           (1,680)              (990)
Total long-term debt                                                                                                                 27,783             27,048

(1) At December 31, 2022, $500 million has been swapped from fixed to floating using interest rate swaps. See Note 29, Financial and capital management for
    additional details.
(2) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, notes issued under the 2016 U.S. trust indenture totaled $4,850 million and $4,100 million in U.S. dollars, respectively, and
    have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations through cross currency interest rate swaps, including $600 million in U.S. dollars, which has been swapped
    from fixed to floating. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.



Bell Canada's debt securities have been issued in Canadian dollars with the exception of debt securities issued under the
2016 U.S. trust indenture, which have been issued in U.S. dollars. All debt securities were issued at a fixed interest rate.
We have entered into interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps as disclosed above.


Restrictions

Some of our debt agreements:

     •    impose covenants and new issue tests
     •    require us to make an offer to repurchase certain series of debt securities upon the occurrence of a change of
          control event as defined in the relevant debt agreements

We are in compliance with all conditions and restrictions under such debt agreements.

In Q4 2021, Bell Canada successfully completed a proxy solicitation and obtained the necessary approval from debenture
holders to make certain amendments under its1976 trust indenture, including the deletion of covenants that required Bell
Canada to meet certain financial ratio tests when issuing long-term debt.


All outstanding debt securities have been issued under trust indentures, are unsecured and have been guaranteed by
BCE. All debt securities have been issued in series and certain series are redeemable at Bell Canada’s option prior to
maturity at the prices, times and conditions specified for each series.

2022
On November 10, 2022, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.85% Series M-57 medium-term note (MTN)
Debentures, with a principal amount of $1 billion, which mature on November 10, 2032.




                                                                                                                                                               49
On March 16, 2022, Bell Canada redeemed, prior to maturity, its 3.35% Series M-26 MTN debentures, having an
outstanding principal amount of $1 billion, which were due on March 22, 2023. As a result, for the year ended December
31, 2022, we recognized early debt redemption charges of $18 million, which were recorded in Other (expense) income in
the income statement.

On February 11, 2022, Bell Canada issued, under its 2016 trust indenture, 3.65% Series US-7 Notes, with a principal
amount of $750 million in U.S. dollars ($954 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on August 15, 2052. The Series
US-7 Notes have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations through cross currency interest rate swaps. See Note 29,
Financial and capital management, for additional details.

Subsequent to year end, on February 9, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 4.55% Series M-58
MTN debentures, with a principal amount of $1,050 million, which mature on February 9, 2030. Additionally, on the same
date, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.15% Series M-59 MTN Debentures, with a principal amount of
$450 million, which mature on February 9, 2053.

2021
On August 12, 2021, Bell Canada issued, under its 2016 trust indenture, 2.15% Series US-5 Notes, with a principal amount
of $600 million in U.S. dollars ($755 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on February 15, 2032, and 3.20% Series
US-6 Notes, with a principal amount of $650 million in U.S. dollars ($818 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on
February 15, 2052.

On May 28, 2021, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 2.20% Series M-56 MTN debentures, with a
principal amount of $500 million, which mature on May 29, 2028. This issue constitutes Bell Canada's first sustainability
bond offering.

On April 19, 2021, Bell Canada redeemed, prior to maturity, its 3.00% Series M-40 MTN debentures, having an
outstanding principal amount of $1.7 billion, which were due on October 3, 2022.

On March 17, 2021, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 3.00% Series M-54 MTN debentures, with a
principal amount of $1 billion, which mature on March 17, 2031, and 4.05% Series M-55 MTN debentures, with a principal
amount of $550 million, which mature on March 17, 2051.

Additionally, on March 17, 2021, Bell Canada issued, under its 2016 trust indenture, 0.75% Series US-3 Notes, with a
principal amount of $600 million in U.S. dollars ($747 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on March 17, 2024, and
3.65% Series US-4 Notes, with a principal amount of $500 million in U.S. dollars ($623 million in Canadian dollars), which
mature on March 17, 2051.

The Series US-3, Series US-4, Series US-5 and Series US-6 Notes (collectively, the Notes) have been hedged for foreign
currency fluctuations through cross currency interest rate swaps. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for
additional details.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized early debt redemption costs of $53 million, which were recorded in
Other (expense) income in the income statement.




50
Note 26 Provisions
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                NOTE   AROs            Other (1)           Total
January 1, 2022                                                                       182               226              408
Additions                                                                              12                38               50
Usage                                                                                  (4)              (38)             (42)
Reversals                                                                             (25)              (29)             (54)
December 31, 2022                                                                     165               197              362
Current                                                                         23     28                46               74
Non-current                                                                     28    137               151              288
December 31, 2022                                                                     165               197              362
(1) Other includes environmental, legal, vacant space and other provisions.


AROs reflect management’s best estimates of expected future costs to restore current leased premises to their original
condition prior to lease inception. Cash outflows associated with our ARO liabilities are generally expected to occur at the
restoration dates of the assets to which they relate, which are long-term in nature. The timing and extent of restoration
work that will be ultimately required for these sites is uncertain.



Note 27                 Post-employment benefit plans
POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS COST
We provide pension and other benefits for most of our employees. These include DB pension plans, DC pension plans and
OPEBs.

We operate our DB and DC pension plans under applicable Canadian and provincial pension legislation, which prescribes
minimum and maximum DB funding requirements. Plan assets are held in trust, and the oversight of governance of the
plans, including investment decisions, contributions to DB plans and the selection of the DC plans investment options
offered to plan participants, lies with the Risk and Pension Fund Committee, a committee of our board of directors.

The interest rate risk is managed using a liability matching approach, which reduces the exposure of the DB plans to a
mismatch between investment growth and obligation growth.

The longevity risk is managed using a longevity swap, which reduces the exposure of the DB plans to an increase in life
expectancy.

COMPONENTS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS SERVICE COST

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                             2022          2021
DB pension                                                                                                (193)         (223)
DC pension                                                                                                (118)         (113)
OPEBs                                                                                                       (2)           (2)
Less:
   Capitalized benefit plans cost                                                                           64            72
Total post-employment benefit plans service cost                                                          (249)         (266)




                                                                                                                           51
COMPONENTS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS FINANCING INCOME (COST)

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                          2022                2021
DB pension                                                                                                                               84                   11
OPEBs                                                                                                                                   (33)                 (31)
Total net return (interest) on post-employment benefit plans                                                                             51                  (20)


The statements of comprehensive income include the following amounts before income taxes.

                                                                                                                                        2022                2021
Cumulative gains (losses) recognized directly in equity, January 1                                                                      419               (2,014)
  Actuarial gains in other comprehensive income(1)                                                                                      894                3,020
  Increase in the effect of the asset limit in other comprehensive income(2)                                                           (328)                (587)
Cumulative gains recognized directly in equity, December 31                                                                             985                  419
(1) The cumulative actuarial gains recognized in the statement of comprehensive income are $1,699 million at December 31, 2022.
(2) The cumulative increase in the effect of the asset limit recognized in the statement of comprehensive income is $714 million at December 31, 2022.




COMPONENTS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT ASSETS (OBLIGATIONS)

The following table shows the change in post-employment benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets.
                                                                            DB PENSION PLANS                   OPEB PLANS                      TOTAL
                                                                                  2022           2021            2022         2021           2022           2021
Post-employment benefit obligations, January 1                               (24,544)        (27,149)        (1,457)       (1,600)      (26,001)         (28,749)
    Current service cost                                                        (193)           (223)            (2)           (2)         (195)            (225)
    Interest on obligations                                                     (770)           (697)           (44)          (39)         (814)            (736)
    Actuarial gains(1)                                                         4,856           2,137            294           113         5,150            2,250
    Benefit payments                                                           1,366           1,396             70            71         1,436            1,467
    Employee contributions                                                        (9)             (9)            —             —             (9)              (9)
    Other                                                                         (1)              1              1            —             —                 1
Post-employment benefit obligations, December 31                             (19,295)        (24,544)        (1,138)       (1,457)      (20,433)         (26,001)
Fair value of plan assets, January 1                                          28,040          27,785            351           344        28,391           28,129
    Expected return on plan assets(2)                                            875             708             11             8           886              716
    Actuarial (losses) gains (1)                                              (4,227)            766            (29)            4        (4,256)             770
    Benefit payments                                                          (1,366)         (1,396)           (70)          (71)       (1,436)          (1,467)
    Employer contributions                                                        81             168             64            65           145              233
    Employee contributions                                                         9               9             —             —              9                9
    Transfers to DC plans                                                        (57)             —              —             —            (57)              —
    Other                                                                         —               —              —              1            —                 1
Fair value of plan assets, December 31                                        23,355          28,040            327           351        23,682           28,391
Plan asset (deficit)                                                           4,060           3,496           (811)       (1,106)        3,249            2,390
Effect of asset limit                                                           (980)           (652)            —             —           (980)            (652)
Interest on effect of asset limit                                                (21)             —              —             —            (21)              —
Post-employment benefit asset (liability), December 31                         3,059           2,844           (811)       (1,106)        2,248            1,738
Post-employment benefit assets                                                 3,559           3,472             —             —          3,559            3,472
Post-employment benefit obligations                                             (500)           (628)          (811)       (1,106)       (1,311)          (1,734)
(1) Actuarial (losses) gains include experience losses of ($4,729) million in 2022 and gains of $907 million in 2021.
(2) The actual (loss) return on plan assets was ($3,370) million or (11.6%) in 2022 and $1,486 million or 5.7% in 2021.




52
FUNDED STATUS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS

The following table shows the funded status of our post-employment benefit obligations.

                                                             FUNDED                   PARTIALLY FUNDED(1)      UNFUNDED(2)                     TOTAL
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                               2022             2021         2022      2021       2022         2021            2022         2021
Present value of post-employment benefit
obligations                                              (18,741)      (23,872)          (1,461)   (1,840)      (231)        (289)        (20,433)     (26,001)
Fair value of plan assets                                 23,291        27,979              391       412         —            —           23,682       28,391
Plan surplus (deficit)                                     4,550             4,107       (1,070)   (1,428)      (231)        (289)          3,249        2,390
Effect of asset limit                                     (1,001)             (652)          —         —          —            —           (1,001)        (652)
Post-employment benefit asset (liability)                  3,549             3,455       (1,070)   (1,428)      (231)        (289)          2,248        1,738
(1) The partially funded plans consist of supplementary executive retirement plans (SERPs) for eligible employees and certain OPEBs. The company partially
    funds the SERPs through letters of credit and a retirement compensation arrangement account with Canada Revenue Agency. Certain paid-up life insurance
    benefits are funded through life insurance contracts.
(2) Our unfunded plans consist of certain OPEBs, which are paid as claims are incurred.


SIGNIFICANT ASSUMPTIONS
We used the following key assumptions to measure the post-employment benefit obligations and the net benefit plans cost
for the DB pension plans and OPEB plans. These assumptions are long-term, which is consistent with the nature of post-
employment benefit plans.
                                                                                                             DB PENSION PLANS AND OPEB PLANS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                            2022            2021

Post-employment benefit obligations
   Discount rate                                                                                                              5.3 %                     3.2 %
   Rate of compensation increase                                                                                             2.25 %                    2.25 %
   Cost of living indexation rate(1)                                                                                          1.6 %                     1.6 %
   Life expectancy at age 65 (years)                                                                                         23.3                      23.3
(1) Cost of living indexation rate is only applicable to DB pension plans.


                                                                                                              DB PENSION PLANS AND OPEB PLANS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                            2022            2021

Net post-employment benefit plans cost
   Discount rate                                                                                                              3.4 %                     2.9 %
   Rate of compensation increase                                                                                             2.25 %                    2.25 %
   Cost of living indexation rate(1)                                                                                          1.6 %                     1.6 %
   Life expectancy at age 65 (years)                                                                                         23.3                      23.2

(1) Cost of living indexation rate is only applicable to DB pension plans.


The weighted average duration of the post-employment benefit obligation is 11 years.

We assumed the following trend rates in healthcare costs:
•          an annual increase in the cost of medication of 6.5% for 2022 decreasing to 4.0% over 20 years
•          an annual increase in the cost of covered dental benefits of 4%
•          an annual increase in the cost of covered hospital benefits of 3.7%
•          an annual increase in the cost of other covered healthcare benefits of 4%
Assumed trend rates in healthcare costs have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the healthcare plans.
The following table shows the effect of a 1% change in the assumed trend rates in healthcare costs.
EFFECT ON POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS – INCREASE/(DECREASE)                                                                1% INCREASE            1% DECREASE
Total service and interest cost                                                                                                       3                    (3)
Post-employment benefit obligations                                                                                                  75                   (65)




                                                                                                                                                             53
SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS

The following table shows a sensitivity analysis of key assumptions used to measure the net post-employment benefit
obligations and the net post-employment benefit plans cost for our DB pension plans and OPEB plans.

                                                                                                                                IMPACT ON POST-EMPLOYMENT
                                                                               IMPACT ON NET POST-EMPLOYMENT                               BENEFIT
                                                                                 BENEFIT PLANS COST FOR 2022 –                OBLIGATIONS AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 –
                                                                                     INCREASE/(DECREASE)                            INCREASE/(DECREASE)
                                                             CHANGE IN             INCREASE IN             DECREASE IN            INCREASE IN       DECREASE IN
                                                           ASSUMPTION              ASSUMPTION              ASSUMPTION             ASSUMPTION        ASSUMPTION
Discount rate                                                      0.5 %                      (83)                      72             (1,022)             1,123
Cost of living indexation rate                                     0.5 %                       46                      (38)               907               (752)
Life expectancy at age 65                                          1 year                      29                      (31)               612               (634)


POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLAN ASSETS
The investment strategy for the post-employment benefit plan assets is to maintain a diversified portfolio of assets invested
in a prudent manner to maintain the security of benefits.

The following table shows the target allocations for 2022 and the allocation of our post-employment benefit plan assets at
December 31, 2022 and 2021.

                                                                                                    WEIGHTED
                                                                                                     AVERAGE
                                                                                                       TARGET
                                                                                                   ALLOCATION              TOTAL PLAN ASSETS FAIR VALUE
ASSET CATEGORY                                                                                               2022        December 31, 2022       December 31, 2021
Equity securities                                                                                      0%-40%                         15 %                  16 %
Debt securities (1)                                                                                  50%-100%                         52 %                  61 %
Alternative investments (1)                                                                            0%-50%                         33 %                  23 %
Total                                                                                                                                100 %                 100 %
(1) We have reclassified amounts from the previous period to make them consistent with the presentation for the current period.


The following table shows the fair value of the DB pension plan assets for each category.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                           2022                2021
Observable markets data
  Equity securities
      Canadian                                                                                                                           824                 952
      Foreign                                                                                                                          2,555               3,436
  Debt securities
      Canadian                                                                                                                         9,904              13,643
      Foreign (1)                                                                                                                      1,537               2,033
      Money market                                                                                                                       739               1,466
Non-observable markets inputs
  Alternative investments
      Private equities (1)                                                                                                             1,017                 976
      Hedge funds                                                                                                                      1,374               1,208
      Real estate and infrastructure (1)                                                                                               4,297               3,576
      Private debt (1)                                                                                                                 1,048                 695
      Other                                                                                                                               60                  55
Total                                                                                                                                 23,355              28,040
(1) We have reclassified amounts from the previous period to make them consistent with the presentation for the current period.




54
Equity securities included approximately $11 million of BCE common shares, or 0.05% of total plan assets, at December
31, 2022 and $3 million of BCE common shares, or 0.01% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2021.

Debt securities included approximately $85 million of Bell Canada debentures, or 0.40% of total plan assets, at
December 31, 2022 and approximately $85 million of Bell Canada debentures, or 0.30% of total plan assets, at
December 31, 2021.

Alternative investments included an investment in MLSE of $149 million, or 0.64% of total plan assets, at
December 31, 2022 and $149 million, or 0.53% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2021. Subsequent to year end, BCE
repurchased the Master Trust Fund's interest for a cash consideration of $149 million.

The Bell Canada pension plan has an investment arrangement which hedges part of its exposure to potential increases in
longevity, which covers approximately $4 billion of post-employment benefit obligations. The fair value of the arrangement
is included within other alternative investments.

CASH FLOWS
We are responsible for adequately funding our DB pension plans. We make contributions to them based on various
actuarial cost methods that are permitted by pension regulatory authorities. Contributions reflect actuarial assumptions
about future investment returns, salary projections and future service benefits. Changes in these factors could cause
actual future contributions to differ from our current estimates and could require us to increase contributions to our post-
employment benefit plans in the future, which could have a negative effect on our liquidity and financial performance.
We contribute to the DC pension plans as employees provide service.
The following table shows the amounts we contributed to the DB and DC pension plans and the payments made to
beneficiaries under OPEB plans.
                                                 DB PLANS                     DC PLANS                    OPEB PLANS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                    2022          2021           2022          2021           2022           2021
Contributions/payments                            (81)         (168)           (59)          (114)          (64)           (65)


We expect to contribute approximately $50 million to our DB pension plans in 2023, subject to actuarial valuations being
completed. We expect to contribute approximately $10 million to the DC pension plans and to pay approximately $75
million to beneficiaries under OPEB plans in 2023.



Note 28 Other non-current liabilities
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                            NOTE             2022            2021
Provisions                                                                                   26            288             327
Long-term disability benefits obligation                                                                   260             327
Derivative liabilities                                                                       29            191              43
Other                                                                                                      331             306
Total other non-current liabilities                                                                      1,070           1,003




                                                                                                                               55
Note 29              Financial and capital management
Financial management
Management’s objectives are to protect BCE and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis against material economic
exposures and variability of results from various financial risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk,
interest rate risk, commodity price risk and equity price risk.

DERIVATIVES
We use derivative instruments to manage our exposure to foreign currency risk, interest rate risk, commodity price risk and
changes in the price of BCE common shares.

FAIR VALUE
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date.
Certain fair value estimates are affected by assumptions we make about the amount and timing of future cash flows and
discount rates, all of which reflect varying degrees of risk. Income taxes and other expenses that may be incurred on
disposition of financial instruments are not reflected in the fair values. As a result, the fair values may not be the net
amounts that would be realized if these instruments were settled.
The carrying values of our cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, dividends payable, trade payables and
accruals, compensation payable, interest payable, notes payable and loans secured by receivables approximate fair value
as they are short-term. The carrying value of wireless device financing plan receivables approximates fair value given that
their average remaining duration is short and the carrying value is reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts and an
allowance for revenue adjustments.


The following table provides the fair value details of other financial instruments measured at amortized cost in the
statements of financial position.
                                                                                   December 31, 2022           December 31, 2021
                                          FAIR VALUE                             CARRYING                    CARRYING
                    CLASSIFICATION        METHODOLOGY                   NOTE        VALUE     FAIR VALUE        VALUE    FAIR VALUE

Debt securities and Debt due within one   Quoted market price of      24, 25        25,061        23,026       23,729        26,354
other debt          year and long-term    debt
                    debt




56
The following table provides the fair value details of financial instruments measured at fair value in the statements of
financial position.
                                                                                                                   FAIR VALUE
                                                                                       QUOTED PRICES IN                                       NON-
                                                                       CARRYING VALUE ACTIVE MARKETS               OBSERVABLE          OBSERVABLE
                                                                             OF ASSET     FOR IDENTICAL            MARKET DATA       MARKET INPUTS
                              CLASSIFICATION                NOTE            (LIABILITY) ASSETS (LEVEL 1)             (LEVEL 2)(1)        (LEVEL 3)(2)
December 31, 2022
Publicly-traded and           Other non-current assets           21                  215                      9                —                  206
privately-held
investments(3)
Derivative financial          Other current assets,                                    72                    —                 72                   —
instruments                   trade payables and other
                              liabilities, other non-
                              current assets and
                              liabilities
MLSE financial liability(4)   Trade payables and other           23                 (149)                    —                 —                 (149)
                              liabilities
Other                         Other non-current assets                               108                     —                184                  (76)
                              and liabilities
December 31, 2021
Publicly-traded and           Other non-current assets           21                  183                     24                —                  159
privately-held
investments(3)
Derivative financial          Other current assets,                                  279                     —                279                   —
instruments                   trade payables and other
                              liabilities, other non-
                              current assets and
                              liabilities
MLSE financial liability(4)   Trade payables and other           23                 (149)                    —                 —                 (149)
                              liabilities
Other                         Other non-current assets                               122                     —                185                  (63)
                              and liabilities
(1) Observable market data such as equity prices, interest rates, swap rate curves and foreign currency exchange rates.
(2) Non-observable market inputs such as discounted cash flows and earnings multiples. A reasonable change in our assumptions would not result in
    a significant increase (decrease) to our level 3 financial instruments.
(3) Unrealized gains and losses are recorded in Other comprehensive income in the statements of comprehensive income and are reclassified from
    Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income to the deficit in the statements of financial position when realized.
(4) Represents BCE’s obligation to repurchase the Master Trust Fund’s 9% interest in MLSE at a price not less than an agreed minimum price,
    should the Master Trust Fund exercise its put option. The obligation to repurchase is marked to market each reporting period and the gain or loss
    is recognized in Other (expense) income in the income statements. Subsequent to year end, BCE repurchased the Master Trust Fund's interest
    for a cash consideration of $149 million.


CREDIT RISK
We are exposed to credit risk from operating activities and certain financing activities, the maximum exposure of which is
represented by the carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position.
We are exposed to credit risk if counterparties to our trade receivables, including wireless device financing plan
receivables, and derivative instruments are unable to meet their obligations. The concentration of credit risk from our
customers is minimized because we have a large and diverse customer base. There was minimal credit risk relating to
derivative instruments at December 31, 2022 and 2021. We deal with institutions that have investment-grade credit ratings
and we expect that they will be able to meet their obligations. We regularly monitor our credit risk and credit exposure, and
consider, among other factors, the effects of rising interest rates and inflation.




                                                                                                                                                        57
The following table provides the change in allowance for doubtful accounts for trade receivables, including the current
portion of wireless device financing plan receivables.

                                                                                              NOTE           2022         2021
Balance, January 1                                                                                           (136)        (149)
Additions                                                                                                    (109)         (83)
Usage and reversals                                                                                           116           96
Balance, December 31                                                                              12         (129)        (136)

In many instances, trade receivables are written off directly to bad debt expense if the account has not been collected after
a predetermined period of time.

The following table provides further details on trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts.
AT DECEMBER 31                                                                                           2022             2021
Trade receivables not past due                                                                          3,215          2,958
Trade receivables past due
   Under 60 days                                                                                          434            420
   60 to 120 days                                                                                         253            284
   Over 120 days                                                                                           71             45
Trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts                                               3,973          3,707


The following table provides the change in allowance for doubtful accounts for contract assets.

                                                                                              NOTE           2022         2021
Balance, January 1                                                                                            (20)         (59)
Additions                                                                                                     (20)          (9)
Usage and reversals                                                                                            21           48
Balance, December 31                                                                                          (19)         (20)
Current                                                                                                        (7)          (6)
Non-current                                                                                                   (12)         (14)
Balance, December 31                                                                              14          (19)         (20)


LIQUIDITY RISK
Our cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and possible capital markets financing are expected to be
sufficient to fund our operations and fulfill our obligations as they become due. Should our cash requirements exceed the
above sources of cash, we would expect to cover such a shortfall by drawing on existing committed bank facilities and new
ones, to the extent available.




58
The following table is a maturity analysis for recognized financial liabilities at December 31, 2022 for each of the next five
years and thereafter.
                                                                                                                                    THERE-
AT DECEMBER 31, 2022                                             NOTE         2023        2024        2025       2026        2027   AFTER        TOTAL
Long-term debt                                                       25       750       2,103       2,174      1,582       1,724     16,863      25,196
Notes payable                                                        24       869          —           —          —           —          —          869
Lease liabilities (1)                                                25     1,111         923         561        515         320      1,932       5,362
Loan secured by receivables                                          24     1,588          —           —          —           —          —        1,588
Interest payable on long-term debt, notes payable
and loan secured by receivables                                             1,100         931         877        825         787       9,833     14,353
Net payments (receipts) on cross currency interest rate
swaps                                                                          36         (45)          5          4           4       (141)       (137)
MLSE financial liability(2)                                          23       149          —           —          —           —          —          149
Total                                                                       5,603       3,912       3,617      2,926       2,835     28,487      47,380
(1) Includes imputed interest of $960 million.
(2)Represents BCE’s obligation to repurchase the Master Trust Fund’s 9% interest in MLSE at a price not less than an agreed minimum price, should the
   Master Trust Fund exercise its put option. The obligation to repurchase is marked to market each reporting period and the gain or loss is recognized in
   Other (expense) income in the income statements. Subsequent to year end, BCE repurchased the Master Trust Fund's interest for a cash
   consideration of $149 million.


We are also exposed to liquidity risk for financial liabilities due within one year as shown in the statements of financial
position.

MARKET RISK

CURRENCY EXPOSURES
We use forward contracts, options and cross currency interest rate swaps to manage foreign currency risk related to
anticipated purchases and certain foreign currency debt.

In 2022, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of $750 million in U.S. dollars
($954 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our US-7 Notes maturing in 2052. In connection
with these swaps, we settled the forward starting interest rate swaps and cross currency basis rate swaps entered into in
2021, each of which had a notional amount of $127 million. See Note 25, Long-term debt, for additional details.

At December 31, 2021, we had entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of
$3,500 million in U.S. dollars ($4,511 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our U.S. Notes
maturing from 2032 to 2052. See Note 25, Long-term debt, for additional details.

A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar would result in a loss of
$10 million (loss of $17 million) recognized in net earnings at December 31, 2022 and a gain of $114 million (loss of
$105 million) recognized in Other comprehensive income at December 31, 2022, with all other variables held constant.

A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the Philippine peso would result in a gain
(loss) of $4 million recognized in Other comprehensive income at December 31, 2022, with all other variables held
constant.




                                                                                                                                                        59
The following table provides further details on our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts and options as at
December 31, 2022.
                                           BUY        AMOUNT TO            SELL       AMOUNT TO
TYPE OF HEDGE                         CURRENCY          RECEIVE        CURRENCY             PAY             MATURITY                  HEDGED ITEM
Cash flow(1)                                 USD            1,178             CAD           1,607                2023                        Loans
Cash flow                                    USD              632             CAD             852                2023            Commercial paper
Cash flow                                    USD              796             CAD             989                2023        Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                                    PHP            2,147             CAD              50                2023        Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                                    USD              643             CAD             810                2024        Anticipated purchases
Economic                                     USD              156             CAD             196                2023        Anticipated purchases
Economic - call options                      CAD              225             USD             156                2023        Anticipated purchases
Economic - put options                       USD              156             CAD             196                2023        Anticipated purchases
Economic - call options                      CAD              225             USD             156                2024        Anticipated purchases
Economic - put options                       USD              156             CAD             195                2024        Anticipated purchases
Economic - options(2)                        USD              120             CAD             153                2024        Anticipated purchases
(1)  Forward contracts to hedge loans secured by receivables under our securitization program. See Note 24, Debt due within one year, for
    additional information.
(2) Foreign currency options with a leverage provision and a profit cap limitation.


INTEREST RATE EXPOSURES
In 2022, we sold interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $1,000 million for $9 million to hedge economically the
fair value of our Series M-53 MTN debentures. Swaptions of a notional amount of $500 million were exercised at a loss of
$7 million and the remaining swaptions matured unexercised. The resulting interest rate swaps of a notional amount of
$500 million mature in 2027 and have been designated to hedge the fair value of our Series M-53 MTN debentures. The
fair value of these interest rate swaps at December 31, 2022 is a liability of $14 million recognized in Trade payables and
other liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position.
In 2022, we entered into cross currency basis rate swaps maturing in 2023 with a notional amount of $638 million to hedge
economically the basis rate exposure on future debt issuances. The fair value of these cross currency basis rate swaps at
December 31, 2022 is a liability of $33 million recognized in Trade payables and other liabilities in the statements of
financial position.
In 2021, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $600 million in U.S. dollars
($748 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the interest exposure of our U.S. Notes maturing in 2024. See Note 25, Long-
term debt, for additional details.
We use leveraged interest rate options to hedge economically the dividend rate resets on $582 million of our preferred
shares which had varying reset dates in 2021 for the periods ending in 2026. The fair value of these leveraged interest rate
options at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was a liability of $1 million and $2 million, respectively, recognized
in Trade payables and other liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position. A gain of
$1 million and $15 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, relating to these
leveraged interest rate options is recognized in Other (expense) income in the income statements.
A 1% increase (decrease) in interest rates would result in a loss of $24 million (gain of $23 million) recognized in net
earnings at December 31, 2022, with all other variables held constant.
A 0.1% increase (decrease) in cross currency basis swap rates would result in a gain (loss) of $9 million recognized in net
earnings at December 31, 2022, with all other variables held constant.




60
EQUITY PRICE EXPOSURES
We use equity forward contracts on BCE’s common shares to hedge economically the cash flow exposure related to the
settlement of equity settled share-based compensation plans. See Note 31, Share-based payments, for details on our
share-based payment arrangements. The fair value of our equity forward contracts at December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 was a net liability of $48 million and a net asset of $130 million, respectively, recognized in Other current assets,
Trade payables and other liabilities, Other non-current assets and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial
position. A loss of $53 million and a gain of $278 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
relating to these equity forward contracts is recognized in Other (expense) income in the income statements.
A 5% increase (decrease) in the market price of BCE’s common shares would result in a gain (loss) of $33 million
recognized in net earnings at December 31, 2022, with all other variables held constant.



Capital management
We have various capital policies, procedures and processes which are utilized to achieve our objectives for capital
management. These include optimizing our cost of capital and maximizing shareholder return while balancing the interests
of our stakeholders.
Our definition of capital includes equity attributable to BCE shareholders, debt, and cash and cash equivalents.
The key ratios that we use to monitor and manage our capital structure are a net debt leverage ratio(1) and an adjusted
EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio(2). In 2022 and 2021, our net debt leverage ratio target range was 2.0 to 2.5
times adjusted EBITDA and our adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio target was greater than 7.5 times.
At December 31, 2022, we had exceeded the limit of our internal net debt leverage ratio target range by 0.80.
We use, and believe that certain investors and analysts use, our net debt leverage ratio and adjusted EBITDA to adjusted
net interest expense ratio as measures of financial leverage and health of the company.
The following table provides a summary of our key ratios.
AT DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                             2022                2021
Net debt leverage ratio                                                                                                                   3.30                3.17
Adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio                                                                                    8.50                8.77



On February 1, 2023, the board of directors of BCE approved an increase of 5.2% in the annual dividend on BCE's
common shares, from $3.68 to $3.87 per common share.
On February 2, 2022, the board of directors of BCE approved an increase of 5.1% in the annual dividend on BCE's
common shares, from $3.50 to $3.68 per common share.
In Q4 2022, BCE renewed its normal course issuer bid program (NCIB) with respect to its First Preferred Shares. See Note
30, Share capital, for additional details.


(1) Our net debt leverage ratio represents net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA. We define net debt as debt due within one year plus long-term debt and 50%
    of preferred shares, less cash and cash equivalents, as shown in our statements of financial position. For the purposes of calculating our net debt leverage
    ratio, adjusted EBITDA is twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA.
(2) Our adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio represents adjusted EBITDA divided by adjusted net interest expense. We define adjusted net
    interest expense as twelve-month trailing net interest expense as shown in our statements of cash flows plus 50% of twelve-month trailing net earnings
    attributable to preferred shareholders as shown in our income statements. For the purposes of calculating our adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest
    expense ratio, adjusted EBITDA is twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA.




                                                                                                                                                                   61
Note 30                      Share capital
Preferred shares
BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended, provide for an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares and Second
Preferred Shares, all without par value. The terms set out in the articles authorize BCE’s directors to issue the shares in
one or more series and to set the number of shares and the conditions for each series.
The following table provides a summary of the principal terms of BCE’s First Preferred Shares as at December 31, 2022.
There were no Second Preferred Shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022. BCE’s articles of amalgamation,
as amended, describe the terms and conditions of these shares in detail.

                                                                                                                          STATED CAPITAL
                                                                                                  NUMBER OF
              ANNUAL                                                                           SHARES ISSUED
             DIVIDEND     CONVERTIBLE                                               REDEMPTION           AND      DECEMBER 31,       DECEMBER 31,
SERIES           RATE            INTO     CONVERSION DATE      REDEMPTION DATE           PRICE OUTSTANDING               2022               2021
Q              floating      Series R     December 1, 2030                              $25.50             —                  —                  —
R(1)          3.018 %        Series Q     December 1, 2025     December 1, 2025         $25.00      7,992,000                200                200
S              floating      Series T     November 1, 2026          At any time         $25.50      2,125,067                 53                 53
T(1)           4.99 %         Series S    November 1, 2026     November 1, 2026         $25.00      5,820,633                146                147
Y              floating       Series Z    December 1, 2027          At any time         $25.50      7,009,252                175                202
Z(1)          5.346 %         Series Y    December 1, 2027     December 1, 2027         $25.00      2,973,348                 74                 48
AA(1)          4.94 %       Series AB     September 1, 2027    September 1, 2027        $25.00     12,254,761                312                291
AB             floating     Series AA     September 1, 2027          At any time        $25.50      7,664,939                195                219
AC(1)          4.38 %       Series AD         March 1, 2023        March 1, 2023        $25.00     10,007,791                255                256
AD             floating     Series AC        March 1, 2023           At any time        $25.50      9,951,109                254                254
AE             floating     Series AF      February 1, 2025          At any time        $25.50      6,460,913                162                163
AF(1)         3.865 %       Series AE      February 1, 2025     February 1, 2025        $25.00      9,472,387                237                237
AG(1)          3.37 %       Series AH          May 1, 2026          May 1, 2026         $25.00      8,921,530                223                224
AH             floating     Series AG          May 1, 2026           At any time        $25.50      4,987,870                125                125
AI(1)          3.39 %       Series AJ        August 1, 2026       August 1, 2026        $25.00      9,477,640                237                238
AJ             floating      Series AI       August 1, 2026          At any time        $25.50      4,454,760                111                112
AK(1)         3.306 %       Series AL    December 31, 2026    December 31, 2026         $25.00     23,119,512                578                580
AL(2)          floating     Series AK    December 31, 2026          At any time                     1,797,188                 45                 45
AM(1)         2.939 %       Series AN       March 31, 2026       March 31, 2026         $25.00     10,422,778                239                239
AN(2)          floating     Series AM        March 31, 2026           At any time                   1,052,822                 24                 24
AO(3)             fixed     Series AP                                                                      —                  —                 118
AP(3)          floating     Series AO                                                                      —                  —                  —
AQ(1)         4.812 %       Series AR    September 30, 2023   September 30, 2023        $25.00      9,108,800                225                228
AR(4)          floating     Series AQ    September 30, 2028                                                —                  —                  —
                                                                                                                           3,870              4,003

(1)     BCE may redeem each of these series of First Preferred Shares on the applicable redemption date and every five years thereafter.
(2)     BCE may redeem Series AL and AN First Preferred Shares at $25.00 per share on December 31, 2026 and March 31, 2026, respectively, and every five
        years thereafter (each, a Series conversion date). Alternatively, BCE may redeem Series AL or AN First Preferred Shares at $25.50 per share on any date
        which is not a Series conversion date for the applicable series of First Preferred Shares.
(3)     On March 31, 2022, BCE redeemed its 4,600,000 issued and outstanding Series AO First Preferred Shares with a stated capital of $118 million for a total cost
        of $115 million. The remaining $3 million was recorded to contributed surplus.
(4)     If Series AR First Preferred Shares are issued on September 30, 2023, BCE may redeem such shares at $25.00 per share on September 30, 2028, and every
        five years thereafter (each, a Series conversion date). Alternatively, BCE may redeem Series AR First Preferred Shares at $25.50 per share on any date which
        is not a Series conversion date for such series of First Preferred Shares.




62
NORMAL COURSE ISSUER BID FOR BCE FIRST PREFERRED SHARES

On November 3, 2022, BCE announced the renewal of its NCIB to purchase for cancellation up to 10% of the public float
of each series of BCE’s outstanding First Preferred Shares that are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The NCIB will
extend up to November 8, 2023, or an earlier date should BCE complete its purchases under the NCIB.

In 2022, BCE repurchased and canceled 584,300 First Preferred Shares with a stated capital of $15 million for a total cost
of $10 million. The remaining $5 million was recorded to contributed surplus.

Subsequent to year end, BCE repurchased and canceled 1,090,400 First Preferred Shares with a stated capital of
$27 million for a total cost of $20 million. The remaining $7 million was recorded to contributed surplus.

VOTING RIGHTS
All of the issued and outstanding First Preferred Shares at December 31, 2022 are non-voting, except under special
circumstances when the holders are entitled to one vote per share.

PRIORITY AND ENTITLEMENT TO DIVIDENDS

The First Preferred Shares of all series rank at parity with each other and in priority to all other shares of BCE with respect
to payment of dividends and with respect to distribution of assets in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
BCE.

Holders of Series R, T, Z, AA, AC, AF, AG, AI, AK, AM and AQ First Preferred Shares are entitled to fixed cumulative
quarterly dividends. The dividend rate on these shares is reset every five years, as set out in BCE’s articles of
amalgamation, as amended.

Holders of Series S, Y, AB, AD, AE, AH and AJ First Preferred Shares are entitled to floating adjustable cumulative monthly
dividends. The floating dividend rate on these shares is calculated every month, as set out in BCE’s articles of
amalgamation, as amended.

Holders of Series AL and AN First Preferred Shares are entitled to floating cumulative quarterly dividends. The floating
dividend rate on these shares is calculated every quarter, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended.

Dividends on all series of First Preferred Shares are paid as and when declared by the board of directors of BCE.

CONVERSION FEATURES

All of the issued and outstanding First Preferred Shares at December 31, 2022 are convertible at the holder’s option into
another associated series of First Preferred Shares on a one-for-one basis according to the terms set out in BCE’s articles
of amalgamation, as amended.

CONVERSION AND DIVIDEND RATE RESET OF FIRST PREFERRED SHARES

Subsequent to year end, on March 1, 2023, 3,635,351 of BCE’s fixed rate Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares,
Series AC (Series AC Preferred Shares) were converted, on a one-for-one basis, into floating-rate Cumulative
Redeemable First Preferred Shares, Series AD (Series AD Preferred Shares). In addition, on March 1, 2023, 351,634 of
BCE’s Series AD Preferred Shares were converted, on a one-for-one basis, into Series AC Preferred Shares.

The annual fixed dividend rate on BCE’s Series AC Preferred Shares was reset for the next five years, effective March 1,
2023, at 5.08%. The Series AD Preferred Shares will continue to pay a monthly cash dividend.




                                                                                                                             63
Common shares and Class B shares
BCE’s articles of amalgamation provide for an unlimited number of voting common shares and non-voting Class B shares,
all without par value. The common shares and the Class B shares rank equally in the payment of dividends and in the
distribution of assets if BCE is liquidated, dissolved or wound up, after payments due to the holders of preferred shares. No
Class B shares were outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021.


The following table provides details about the outstanding common shares of BCE.
                                                                            2022                             2021
                                                                   NUMBER OF           STATED     NUMBER OF          STATED
                                                          NOTE        SHARES          CAPITAL        SHARES          CAPITAL
Outstanding, January 1                                            909,018,871         20,662     904,415,010         20,390
Shares issued under deferred share plan                                11,003              1              —              —
Shares issued under employee stock option plan               31     2,952,992            177       4,603,861            272
Outstanding, December 31                                          911,982,866         20,840     909,018,871         20,662


CONTRIBUTED SURPLUS
Contributed surplus in 2022 and 2021 includes premiums in excess of par value upon the issuance of BCE common
shares and share-based compensation expense net of settlements.



Note 31                  Share-based payments
The following share-based payment amounts are included in the income statements as operating costs.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                        2022           2021
ESP                                                                                                   (28)           (30)
RSUs/PSUs                                                                                             (69)           (59)
Other (1)                                                                                              (4)            (6)
Total share-based payments                                                                           (101)           (95)
(1) Includes DSUs and stock options.



Description of the plans
ESP

The ESP is designed to encourage employees of BCE and its participating subsidiaries to own shares of BCE. Employees
can choose to have up to 12% of their eligible annual earnings withheld through regular payroll deductions for the
purchase of BCE common shares. In some cases, the employer also contributes up to 2% of the employee’s eligible
annual earnings to the plan. Dividends are credited to the participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are
equivalent in value to the dividends paid on BCE common shares. Employer contributions to the ESP and related
dividends are subject to employees holding their shares for a two-year vesting period.

The trustee of the ESP buys BCE common shares for the participants on the open market, by private purchase or from
treasury. BCE determines the method the trustee uses to buy the shares.

At December 31, 2022, 4,360,087 common shares were authorized for issuance from treasury under the ESP. At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 1,028,161 and 1,108,211 unvested employer ESP contributions, respectively.




64
RSUs/PSUs

RSUs/PSUs are granted to executives and other eligible employees. Dividends in the form of additional RSUs/PSUs are
credited to the participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the dividends paid on
BCE common shares. Executives and other eligible employees are granted a specific number of RSUs/PSUs for a given
performance period based mainly on their level and position. RSUs/PSUs vest fully after three years of continuous
employment from the date of grant and if performance objectives are met for certain PSUs, as determined by the board of
directors.

The following table summarizes RSUs/PSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021.
  NUMBER OF RSUs/PSUs                                                                                                     2022          2021
  Outstanding, January 1                                                                                             3,085,667     2,973,393
  Granted(1)                                                                                                         1,016,211     1,178,794
  Dividends credited                                                                                                   173,100       175,516
  Settled                                                                                                           (1,061,392)   (1,135,128)
  Forfeited                                                                                                            (89,399)     (106,908)
  Outstanding, December 31                                                                                           3,124,187     3,085,667
  Vested, December 31(2)                                                                                               887,158     1,000,394
(1) The weighted average fair value of the RSUs/PSUs granted was $66 in 2022 and $60 in 2021.
(2) The RSUs/PSUs vested on December 31, 2022 were fully settled in February 2023 with BCE common shares and/or DSUs.


DSUs

Eligible bonuses and RSUs/PSUs may be paid in the form of DSUs when executives or other eligible employees elect or
are required to participate in the plan. The value of a DSU at the issuance date is equal to the value of one BCE common
share. For non-management directors, compensation is paid in DSUs until the minimum share ownership requirement is
met; thereafter, at least 50% of their compensation is paid in DSUs. There are no vesting requirements relating to DSUs.
Dividends in the form of additional DSUs are credited to the participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are
equivalent in value to the dividends paid on BCE common shares. DSUs are settled when the holder leaves the company.

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 3,321,167 and 3,365,433 DSUs outstanding, respectively.

STOCK OPTIONS

Under BCE’s long-term incentive plans, BCE may grant options to executives to buy BCE common shares. The
subscription price of a grant is based on the higher of:

    •    the volume-weighted average of the trading price on the trading day immediately prior to the effective date of the
         grant
    •    the volume-weighted average of the trading price for the last five consecutive trading days ending on the trading
         day immediately prior to the effective date of the grant

At December 31, 2022, in addition to the stock options outstanding, 4,484,643 common shares were authorized for
issuance under these plans. Options vest fully after three years of continuous employment from the date of grant. All
options become exercisable when they vest and can be exercised for a period of seven years from the date of grant for
options granted prior to 2019 and ten years from the date of grant for options granted since 2019.




                                                                                                                                            65
The following table summarizes stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

                                                                                                2022                         2021
                                                                                                       WEIGHTED                     WEIGHTED
                                                                                                        AVERAGE                      AVERAGE
                                                                                    NUMBER OF          EXERCISE     NUMBER OF       EXERCISE
                                                                         NOTE         OPTIONS           PRICE ($)     OPTIONS        PRICE ($)
  Outstanding, January 1                                                             10,778,724               60    15,650,234            59
  Exercised(1)                                                              30       (2,952,992)              58    (4,603,861)           57
  Forfeited or expired                                                                  (23,624)              65      (267,649)           60
  Outstanding, December 31                                                            7,802,108               61    10,778,724            60
  Exercisable, December 31                                                            4,539,188               58     4,316,424            58
(1) The weighted average market share price for options exercised was $69 in 2022 and $64 in 2021.



The following table provides additional information about BCE’s stock option plans at December 31, 2022 and 2021.
                                                                                  STOCK OPTIONS OUTSTANDING
                                                                 2022                                                  2021
                                                                 WEIGHTED             WEIGHTED                        WEIGHTED      WEIGHTED
                                                                  AVERAGE              AVERAGE                         AVERAGE       AVERAGE
                                                             REMAINING LIFE           EXERCISE                        REMAINING     EXERCISE
  RANGE OF EXERCISE PRICES                      NUMBER              (YEARS)            PRICE ($)         NUMBER     LIFE (YEARS)     PRICE ($)
  $50-$59                                     4,510,298                       4                58       7,442,442             4           58
  $60 & above                                 3,291,810                       7                65       3,336,282             8           65
                                              7,802,108                       5                61      10,778,724             6           60




66
 Note 32                   Additional cash flow information
 The following table provides a reconciliation of changes in liabilities arising from financing activities.
                                                                                       DEBT DUE           DERIVATIVE
                                                                                     WITHIN ONE            TO HEDGE
                                                                                      YEAR AND              FOREIGN
                                                                                     LONG-TERM            CURRENCY DIVIDENDS      OTHER
                                                                                NOTE       DEBT           ON DEBT (1) PAYABLE LIABILITIES               TOTAL
   January 1, 2022                                                                           29,673                 79           811             82    30,645
   Cash flows from (used in) financing activities
      Increase in notes payable                                                                  42                 69           —               —        111
      Issue of long-term debt                                                                 1,951                 —            —               —      1,951
      Repayment of long-term debt                                                            (2,023)                —            —               —     (2,023)
      Cash dividends paid on common and preferred shares                                         —                  —        (3,448)             —     (3,448)
      Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling
       interests                                                                    36            —                 —            (39)            —       (39)
      Increase in securitized receivables                                                        700                —             —              —       700
      Other financing activities                                                                 (13)               —             —             (18)     (31)
   Total cash flows from (used in) financing activities
   excluding equity                                                                              657                69       (3,487)            (18)   (2,779)

   Non-cash changes arising from
    Increase in lease liabilities                                                             1,008                —             —               —      1,008
    Dividends declared on common and preferred shares                                            —                 —          3,508              —      3,508
    Dividends declared by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                              —                 —             39              —         39
    Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                 437              (437)           —               —         —
    Business acquisition                                                                          8                —             —               —          8
    Business disposition                                                                        (14)               —             —               —        (14)
    Other                                                                                       151               (18)           (4)            (36)       93
   Total non-cash changes                                                                     1,590              (455)        3,543             (36)    4,642
   December 31, 2022                                                                         31,920              (307)          867              28    32,508

(1) Included in Other current assets, Trade payables and other liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the statement of financial position.




                                                                                                                                                             67
                                                                                  DEBT DUE DERIVATIVE
                                                                                WITHIN ONE TO HEDGE
                                                                                 YEAR AND    FOREIGN
                                                                                LONG-TERM CURRENCY DIVIDENDS       OTHER
                                                                           NOTE       DEBT ON DEBT (1) PAYABLE LIABILITIES                         TOTAL
   January 1, 2021                                                                        26,323            66             766           —        27,155
   Cash flows from (used in) financing activities
      Increase (decrease) in notes payable                                                   378           (27)           —              —           351
      Issue of long-term debt                                                              4,985            —             —              —         4,985
      Repayment of long-term debt                                                         (2,751)           —             —              —        (2,751)
      Cash dividends paid on common and preferred shares                                      —             —         (3,257)            —        (3,257)
      Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling
       interests                                                               36             —             —              (86)          —           (86)
      Decrease in securitized trade receivables                                             (150)           —               —            —          (150)
      Other financing activities                                                             (36)           13              —            42           19
   Total cash flows from (used in) financing activities
   excluding equity                                                                        2,426           (14)       (3,343)            42         (889)

   Non-cash changes arising from
    Increase in lease liabilities                                                           787              —            —              —           787
    Dividends declared on common and preferred shares                                        —               —         3,306             —         3,306
    Dividends declared by subsidiaries to non-controlling
    interests                                                                                 —             —             87             —            87
    Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                              (23)           23            —              —            —
    Business acquisitions                                                                     12            —             —              —            12
    Other                                                                                    148             4            (5)            40          187
   Total non-cash changes                                                                    924            27         3,388             40        4,379
   December 31, 2021                                                                      29,673            79           811             82       30,645

(1) Included in Other current assets, Other non-current assets and Trade payables and other liabilities in the statement of financial position.




 Note 33 Remaining performance obligations
 The following table shows revenues expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are
 unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) as at December 31, 2022.
                                                   2023            2024             2025            2026            2027    THEREAFTER            TOTAL
 Wireline                                        1,343           1,090              739             461             181               472         4,286
 Wireless                                        1,482             647               40               1              —                 —          2,170
 Total                                           2,825           1,737              779             462             181               472         6,456

 When estimating minimum transaction prices allocated to the remaining unfulfilled, or partially unfulfilled, performance
 obligations, BCE applied the practical expedient to not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that
 have an original expected duration of one year or less and for those contracts where we bill the same value as that which
 is transferred to the customer.




 68
Note 34             Commitments and contingencies
Commitments
The following table is a summary of our contractual obligations at December 31, 2022 that are due in each of the next five
years and thereafter.
                                                                                                           THERE-
                                                  2023        2024        2025        2026        2027      AFTER       TOTAL
Commitments for property, plant and
   equipment and intangible assets              2,015       1,392       1,052         516         216         949       6,140
Purchase obligations                              602         458         443         560         276         955       3,294
Leases committed not yet commenced                 14          21          16          16          17          96         180
Total                                           2,631       1,871       1,511       1,092         509       2,000       9,614

Our commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets include program and feature film rights and
investments to expand and update our networks to meet customer demand.

Purchase obligations consist of contractual obligations under service and product contracts for operating expenditures and
other purchase obligations.

Our commitments for leases not yet commenced include real estate, OOH advertising spaces and fibre use. These leases
are non-cancellable.



Contingencies
As part of its ongoing review of wholesale Internet rates, on October 6, 2016, the CRTC significantly reduced, on an
interim basis, some of the wholesale rates that Bell Canada and other major providers charge for access by third-party
Internet resellers to fibre-to-the-node (FTTN) or cable networks, as applicable. On August 15, 2019, the CRTC further
reduced the wholesale rates that Internet resellers pay to access network infrastructure built by facilities-based providers
like Bell Canada, with retroactive effect back to March 2016.
The August 2019 decision was stayed, first by the Federal Court of Appeal and then by the CRTC, with the result that it
never came into effect. In response to review and vary applications filed by each of Bell Canada, five major cable carriers
(Cogeco Communications Inc., Bragg Communications Inc. (Eastlink), Rogers Communications Canada Inc., Shaw
Communications Inc. and Videotron Ltée) and Telus Communications Inc., the CRTC issued Decision 2021-182 on
May 27, 2021, which mostly reinstated the rates prevailing prior to August 2019 with some reductions to the Bell Canada
rates with retroactive effect to March 2016. As a result, in Q2 2021, we recorded a reduction in revenue of $44 million in
our income statement.
While there remains a requirement to refund monies to third-party Internet resellers, the establishment of final wholesale
rates that are similar to those prevailing since 2019 reduces the impact of the CRTC’s long-running review of wholesale
Internet rates and ensures a better climate for much-needed investment in advanced networks. The largest reseller,
TekSavvy Solutions Inc. (TekSavvy), obtained leave to appeal the CRTC’s decision of May 27, 2021 before the Federal
Court of Appeal. The decision was also challenged in three petitions brought by TekSavvy, the Canadian Network
Operators Consortium Inc. and National Capital Freenet before Cabinet, but on May 26, 2022, Cabinet announced it would
not alter the decision.
In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal proceedings seeking monetary
damages and other relief. In particular, because of the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are exposed to class
actions pursuant to which substantial monetary damages may be claimed. Due to the inherent risks and uncertainties of
the litigation process, we cannot predict the final outcome or timing of claims and legal proceedings. Subject to the
foregoing, and based on information currently available and management’s assessment of the merits of the claims and
legal proceedings pending at March 2, 2023, management believes that the ultimate resolution of these claims and legal
proceedings is unlikely to have a material and negative effect on our financial statements. We believe that we have strong
defences and we intend to vigorously defend our positions.




                                                                                                                               69
Note 35                    Related party transactions
Subsidiaries
The following table shows BCE’s significant subsidiaries at December 31, 2022. BCE has other subsidiaries which have
not been included in the table as each represents less than 10% individually and less than 20% in aggregate of total
consolidated revenues.

All of these significant subsidiaries are incorporated in Canada and provide services to each other in the normal course of
operations. The value of these transactions is eliminated on consolidation.

                                                                                                                     OWNERSHIP PERCENTAGE
SUBSIDIARY                                                                                                                 2022           2021
Bell Canada                                                                                                               100 %         100 %
Bell Mobility Inc.                                                                                                        100 %         100 %
Bell Media Inc.                                                                                                           100 %         100 %




Transactions with joint arrangements and associates
During 2022 and 2021, BCE provided communication services and received programming content and other services in
the normal course of business on an arm’s length basis to and from its joint arrangements and associates. Our joint
arrangements and associates include MLSE, Glentel Inc. and Dome Productions Partnership. From time to time, BCE may
be required to make capital contributions in its investments.

In 2022, BCE recognized revenues and incurred expenses with our joint arrangements and associates of $10 million (2021
– $10 million) and $187 million (2021 – $178 million), respectively.


BCE Master Trust Fund

Bimcor Inc. (Bimcor), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bell Canada, is the administrator of the Master Trust Fund. Bimcor
recognized management fees of $13 million from the Master Trust Fund for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The details of
BCE’s post-employment benefit plans are set out in Note 27, Post-employment benefit plans.



Compensation of key management personnel
The following table includes compensation of key management personnel for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 included in our income statements. Key management personnel have the authority and responsibility for overseeing,
planning, directing and controlling our business activities and consists of our Board of Directors and our Executive
Leadership Team.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                               2022         2021
Wages, salaries, fees and related taxes and benefits                                                                         (28)         (23)
Post-employment benefit plans and OPEBs cost                                                                                  (4)          (3)
Share-based compensation (1)                                                                                                 (38)         (31)
Key management personnel compensation expense                                                                                (70)         (57)
(1) We have updated amounts for the prior year to make them consistent with the presentation for the current year.




70
Note 36                   Significant partly-owned subsidiary
The following tables show summarized financial information for our subsidiary with significant NCI.

Summarized statements of financial position
                                                                                                                                    CTV SPECIALTY(1) (2)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                          2022                  2021
Current assets                                                                                                                            400                 329
Non-current assets                                                                                                                        958               1,010
Total assets                                                                                                                            1,358               1,339
Current liabilities                                                                                                                       140                 220
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                   246                 226
Total liabilities                                                                                                                         386                 446
Total equity attributable to BCE shareholders                                                                                             678                 622
NCI                                                                                                                                       294                 271
(1) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the ownership interest held by NCI in CTV Specialty Television Inc. (CTV Specialty) was 29.9%. CTV Specialty was
    incorporated and operated in Canada as at such dates.
(2) CTV Specialty's net assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include $5 million, directly attributable to NCI.




Selected income and cash flow information
                                                                                                                                     CTV SPECIALTY(1)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                            2022                2021
Operating revenues                                                                                                                        986                 879
Net earnings                                                                                                                              180                 158
Net earnings attributable to NCI                                                                                                           57                  51
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                198                 164
Total comprehensive income attributable to NCI                                                                                             63                  53
Cash dividends paid to NCI                                                                                                                 39                  86
(1) CTV Specialty's net earnings and total comprehensive income include $4 million and $5 million directly attributable to NCI for 2022 and 2021, respectively.




Note 37                  COVID-19
While the unfavourable effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial and operating performance moderated in 2022,
it is difficult to estimate the impacts that the COVID-19 pandemic could have in the future on our business and financial
results due to uncertainties relating to the severity and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and possible further
resurgences in the number of COVID-19 cases, including as a result of the potential emergence of other variants, and
various potential outcomes. Our business and financial results could again, in future periods, become more significantly
and negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, including, among others, as a result of associated global supply
chain challenges adversely affecting our wireless and wireline product revenues.




                                                                                                                                                                  71
                                                                                                                                                                Exhibit 99.4
Reports on internal controls


Reports on internal controls
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting
The management of BCE Inc. (BCE) is responsible for establishing and                       Based on that evaluation, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control       Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal
over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the                control over financial reporting was effective as at December 31, 2022. There were
President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief           no material weaknesses that have been identified by BCE’s management in internal
Financial Officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other             control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2022.
personnel of BCE, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external               Our internal control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2022 has been
purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as          audited by Deloitte LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, who also
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                             audited our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2022. Deloitte LLP issued an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal
Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not         control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2022.
prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. Also, projections of any
evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future
periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or            (signed) Mirko Bibic
procedures may deteriorate.                                                                President and Chief Executive Officer

Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the
President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief
Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as   (signed) Glen LeBlanc
at December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal Control –              Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
                                                                                           (signed) Thierry Chaumont
                                                                                           Senior Vice-President, Controller and Tax
                                                                                           March 2, 2023

112   BCE INC. ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2022
Reports on internal controls


Report of independent registered public accounting firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BCE Inc.

Opinion on internal control over                                                     Definition and limitations of internal control
financial reporting                                                                  over financial reporting
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of BCE Inc. and        A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria              reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the          preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In          generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal    reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria          of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.        dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
                                                                                     transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company         in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial       expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
statements as at and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and        of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
our report dated March 2, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those            assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use,
financial statements.                                                                or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
                                                                                     financial statements.
Basis for opinion
                                                                                     Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal           prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of      to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying              because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our                or procedures may deteriorate.
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and     /s/ Deloitte LLP
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.                 Chartered Professional Accountants

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those          Montréal, Canada
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable            March 2, 2023
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
                                                                                     We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1880.
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures
as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

                                                                                                                                                                          113
                                                                                                                           Exhibit 99.5

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-12130 on Form F-3, Registration Statements Nos.
333-263337 and 333-263337-01 on Form F-10 and Registration Statements Nos. 333-12780 and 333-12802 on Form S-8 and to the use of
our reports dated March 2, 2023, relating to the financial statements of BCE Inc. (the “Company”) and the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 40-F for the year ended December 31, 2022.



/s/ Deloitte LLP
Chartered Professional Accountants

Montréal, Canada
March 3, 2023
                                                                                                                                                        Exhibit 99.6


                                                           NOTICE OF RELIANCE
                                               SECTION 13.4 OF NATIONAL INSTRUMENT 51-102
                                                 CONTINUOUS DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS

To:   Alberta Securities Commission
      British Columbia Securities Commission
      Manitoba Securities Commission
      Financial and Consumer Services Commission, New Brunswick
      Office of the Superintendent of Securities, Newfoundland and Labrador
      Nova Scotia Securities Commission
      Ontario Securities Commission
      Office of the Superintendent of Securities, Prince Edward Island
      Autorité des marchés financiers
      Financial and Consumer Affairs Authority of Saskatchewan
      Toronto Stock Exchange




Notice is hereby given that Bell Canada relies on the continuous disclosure documents filed by BCE Inc. pursuant to the exemption from the requirements of
National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations (“NI 51-102”) provided in Section 13.4 of NI 51-102.


The continuous disclosure documents of BCE Inc. can be found for viewing in electronic format at www.sedar.com.


Attached to this notice and forming part thereof is the consolidating summary financial information for BCE Inc. as required by Section 13.4 of NI 51-102.



Dated: March 3, 2023
                                                                                               BELL CANADA




                                                                                               By:      (signed) Thierry Chaumont
                                                                                               Name: Thierry Chaumont
                                                                                               Title:   Senior Vice-President, Controller and Tax
      BELL CANADA
UNAUDITED SELECTED SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (1)
For the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
(in millions of Canadian dollars)
BCE Inc. fully and unconditionally guarantees the payment obligations of its 100% owned subsidiary Bell Canada under the public debt issued by Bell Canada.
Accordingly, the following summary financial information is provided by Bell Canada in compliance with the requirements of section 13.4 of National Instrument
51-102 (Continuous Disclosure Obligations) providing for an exemption for certain credit support issuers. The tables below contain selected summary financial
information for (i) BCE Inc. (as credit supporter), (ii) Bell Canada (as credit support issuer) on a consolidated basis, (iii) BCE Inc.’s subsidiaries, other than Bell
Canada, on a combined basis, (iv) consolidating adjustments, and (v) BCE Inc. and all of its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, in each case for the periods
indicated. Such summary financial information for BCE Inc. and Bell Canada and all other subsidiaries is intended to provide investors with meaningful and
comparable financial information about BCE Inc. and its subsidiaries. This summary financial information should be read in conjunction with BCE Inc.’s audited
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022.
For the periods ended December 31:
                                                      BCE INC.                          BELL CANADA CONSOLIDATED                           SUBSIDIARIES OF BCE INC.                        CONSOLIDATING                             BCE INC.
                                             (“CREDIT SUPPORTER”)(2)                     (“CREDIT SUPPORT ISSUER”)                        OTHER THAN BELL CANADA(3)                        ADJUSTMENTS(4)                         CONSOLIDATED
                                                 2022        2021                            2022          2021                               2022         2021                             2022     2021                          2022       2021
 Operating revenues                                 —               —                        24,175             23,450                             —                  —                         (1)            (1)               24,174        23,449
 Net earnings from continuing
  operations attributable to
  owners                                        2,868           2,840                         2,951              3,132                            181               362                     (3,132)       (3,494)                 2,868         2,840
 Net earnings attributable to
  owners                                        2,868           2,840                         2,951              3,132                            181               362                     (3,132)       (3,494)                 2,868         2,840
As at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively:
                                                      BCE INC.                          BELL CANADA CONSOLIDATED                            SUBSIDIARIES OF BCE INC.                       CONSOLIDATING                             BCE INC.
                                             (“CREDIT SUPPORTER”)(2)                     (“CREDIT SUPPORT ISSUER”)                         OTHER THAN BELL CANADA(3)                      ADJUSTMENTS(4)                         CONSOLIDATED
                                               Dec. 31,    Dec. 31,                         Dec. 31,    Dec. 31,                             Dec. 31,     Dec. 31,                       Dec. 31, Dec. 31,                      Dec. 31,  Dec. 31,
                                                  2022        2021                             2022        2021                                 2022         2021                           2022     2021                          2022       2021
 Total Current Assets                              744             561                         7,865               6,826                           473               292                    (2,595)       (1,481)                  6,487         6,198
 Total Non-current Assets                       23,856          23,804                        56,461             54,140                              38                38                 (17,513)       (17,416)                 62,842       60,566
 Total Current Liabilities                       2,401           1,672                        11,583               8,841                             81                81                   (2,596)       (1,481)                 11,469         9,113
 Total Non-current Liabilities                       21              58                       34,746             34,066                              —                 —                      578            586                  35,345       34,710
(1)   The summary financial information is prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and is in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles issued by the Canadian Accounting Standards Board for publicly-
      accountable enterprises.
(2)   This column accounts for investments in all subsidiaries of BCE Inc. under the equity method.
(3)   This column accounts for investments in all subsidiaries of BCE Inc. (other than Bell Canada) on a consolidated basis.
(4)   This column includes the necessary amounts to eliminate the intercompany balances between BCE Inc., Bell Canada and other subsidiaries and other adjustments to arrive at the information for BCE Inc. on a consolidated basis.
                                                                                                         Exhibit 99.7


                                                    BCE Inc.

                        EXHIBIT TO 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                           EARNINGS COVERAGE


The following consolidated financial ratios are calculated for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, give
effect to the issuance and redemption of all long-term debt since January 1, 2022 as if these transactions occurred
on January 1, 2022, and are based on unaudited financial information of BCE Inc.

                                                                                               December 31, 2022

Earnings coverage of interest on debt requirements based on net earnings
attributable to owners of BCE Inc. before interest expense and income tax:                           3.5 times

Earnings coverage of interest on debt requirements based on net earnings
attributable to owners of BCE Inc. before interest expense, income tax and
non-controlling interest:                                                                            3.6 times
                                                                                                                                  Exhibit 99.31
                                                              CERTIFICATIONS

I, Mirko Bibic, certify that:

    1.     I have reviewed this annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc.;

    2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
           necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
           with respect to the period covered by this report;

    3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
           material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in
           this report;

    4.     The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
           (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
           Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have:

                a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
                   under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
                   made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

                b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
                   designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
                   preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

                c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                   conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                   report based on such evaluation; and

                d. Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
                   period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer’s
                   internal control over financial reporting; and
   5.    The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the issuer’s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         functions):

             a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
                reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer’s ability to record, process, summarize and report
                financial information; and

             b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
                issuer’s internal control over financial reporting.


Date: March 3, 2023

(signed) Mirko Bibic

Mirko Bibic
President and Chief Executive Officer
BCE Inc.
                                                            CERTIFICATIONS

I, Glen LeBlanc, certify that:

    1.   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc.;

    2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
         necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
         with respect to the period covered by this report;

    3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
         material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in
         this report;

    4.   The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
         (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
         Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have:

              a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
                 under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
                 made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

              b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
                 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
                 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

              c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                 report based on such evaluation; and

              d. Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
                 period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer’s
                 internal control over financial reporting; and
   5.    The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the issuer’s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         functions):

             a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
                reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer’s ability to record, process, summarize and report
                financial information; and

             b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
                issuer’s internal control over financial reporting.


Date: March 3, 2023

(signed) Glen LeBlanc

Glen LeBlanc
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
BCE Inc.
                                                                                                                        Exhibit 99.32

                 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                             SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

       Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of BCE Inc. (the “Company”), does hereby certify that:

the annual report on Form 40-F for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company (the “Form 40-F”) fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 40-F fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.


Date: March 3, 2023                                                      (signed) Mirko Bibic
                                                                         Mirko Bibic
                                                                         President and Chief Executive Officer
                                                                         BCE Inc.


Date: March 3, 2023                                                      (signed) Glen LeBlanc

                                                                         Glen LeBlanc
                                                                         Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
                                                                         BCE Inc.
