                                                        UNITED STATES
                                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                               WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                                           FORM 40-F


       ☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                                                                OR

       ☒   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13(a) OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended:     December 31, 2023                                            Commission File Number:   1-8481



                                                           BCE INC.
                                       (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
                                                              Canada
                                 (Province or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
                                                              4813
                             (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number (if applicable))
                                                           98-0134477
                                      (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number (if applicable))
                                  1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building A, 7th Floor,
                                       Verdun, Québec, Canada H3E 3B3, (514) 870-8777
                             (Address and telephone number of Registrant’s principal executive offices)



                  CT Corporation System, 28 Liberty St., New York, New York 10005, (212) 894-8940
  (Name, address (including zip code) and telephone number (including area code) of agent for service in the United States)
                                          Copies of all correspondence should be sent to:

     Martin Cossette                                              Donald R. Crawshaw
     Senior Vice-President, Corporate Strategy (M&A) and          Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
     Corporate Secretary                                          125 Broad Street
     BCE Inc.                                                     New York, New York 10004-2498
     1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell                           Tel: (212) 558-4000
     Building A, 7th Floor
     Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3
     Canada
     Tel: (514) 786-8424
                                    Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

         Title of each class                     Trading symbol                 Name of each exchange on which registered

          Common shares                               BCE                               New York Stock Exchange


                                 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
                Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None
                       For annual reports, indicate by check mark the information filed with this form:
                               ☒ Annual Information Form ☒ Audited Annual Financial Statements
Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the
period covered by the annual report:

     Common Shares                                                                                           912,274,545
     First Preferred Shares
         Series R                                                                                              7,764,800
         Series S                                                                                              2,054,167
         Series T                                                                                              5,301,633
         Series Y                                                                                              6,451,752
         Series Z                                                                                              2,708,031
         Series AA                                                                                            11,482,631
         Series AB                                                                                             6,918,839
         Series AC                                                                                             6,482,274
         Series AD                                                                                            12,513,726
         Series AE                                                                                             6,022,513
         Series AF                                                                                             9,076,087
         Series AG                                                                                             8,442,830
         Series AH                                                                                             4,784,070
         Series AI                                                                                             9,246,640
         Series AJ                                                                                             4,118,260
         Series AK                                                                                            22,303,812
         Series AL                                                                                             1,755,688
         Series AM                                                                                            10,183,378
         Series AN                                                                                             1,035,822
         Series AQ                                                                                             8,303,614
     Total First Preferred Shares                                                                            146,950,567


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
                                                          Yes: ☒ No: ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files).
                                                          Yes: ☒ No: ☐



                                                                                                                              2
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

        Emerging Growth Company ☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised accounting
standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

† The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the
effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.
7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-
based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §
240.10D-1(b). ☐


                                                                                                                                 3
                                    PRIOR FILINGS MODIFIED AND SUPERSEDED
The annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc. (“BCE”) for the year ended December 31, 2023, at the time of filing with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC” or “Commission”), modifies and supersedes all prior documents filed
pursuant to Sections 13, 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act for purposes of any offers or sales of any securities after the date of
such filing pursuant to any registration statement or prospectus filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 which incorporates
by reference such annual report on Form 40-F.
                          ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                              AND MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
A. Annual Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
The BCE annual audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the “BCE 2023 Financial
Statements”) are contained in Exhibit 99.3 and are incorporated herein by reference.
B. Management’s Discussion and Analysis
BCE management’s discussion and analysis for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the “BCE 2023 MD&A”) is contained in
Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.
                                    DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed
by us in reports filed or submitted under Canadian or U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified under those laws, and include controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that the
information is accumulated and communicated to management, including BCE’s President and Chief Executive Officer
(“CEO”) and Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.
As at December 31, 2023, management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the CEO and the
CFO, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, and
under National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings.
Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as at
December 31, 2023.
                               INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
A. Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting
The report of BCE’s management entitled “Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting” is contained in
Exhibit 99.4 and is incorporated herein by reference.
B. Auditors’ report on internal control over financial reporting
The report of independent registered public accounting firm concerning the effectiveness of BCE’s internal control over
financial reporting is contained in Exhibit 99.4 and is incorporated herein by reference.




                                                                                                                                4
C. Changes in internal control over financial reporting
There have been no changes during the year ended December 31, 2023 in our internal control over financial reporting that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
                            STATEMENT REGARDING CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
There can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures to disclose all
material information otherwise required to be set forth in our disclosure. Furthermore, a control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to the reliability of financial
reporting and financial statement preparation. Accordingly, BCE does not expect that BCE’s internal control over financial
reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. BCE will continue to periodically review its disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting and may make modifications from time to time as considered
necessary or desirable.
                                      AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT
In respect of the current members of BCE’s Audit Committee (“Audit Committee”), the board of directors of BCE determined
that the current Chair of the Audit Committee, Mr. L.P. Pagnutti, as well as Ms. K. Lee and Ms. M.F. Leroux are qualified as
“audit committee financial experts”, and that all members of the Audit Committee are independent under the listing standards
of the New York Stock Exchange.
                                                    CODE OF ETHICS
All employees, directors and officers must follow Bell Canada’s Code of Business Conduct (the “Code of Conduct”), which
provides guidelines for ethical behaviour. The Code of Conduct includes additional guidelines for executive officers and
management, including the CEO, CFO, Controller and Treasurer. The Code of Conduct is available in the governance section
of BCE’s website at BCE.ca and will be provided in print at no charge to any person who sends a written request by mail to
BCE Inc. addressed to the Corporate Secretary, at 1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building A, 7th Floor, Verdun,
Québec, Canada H3E 3B3.

In 2023, amendments were made to the Code of Conduct in order to:


  –    update the Message from our President and Chief Executive Officer;
  –    update the section entitled Human Rights to reference Bell Canada's support of the objective of eliminating global
       forced and child labour;
  –    update the section entitled Insider Trading to clarify certain obligations resulting from BCE and Bell Canada's Insider
       Trading and Reporting Guidelines;
  –    update the section entitled Proper Use of Bell-Provided Internet Access and Other IT Resources to clarify the
       permitted uses of Internet access and Bell computers, devices and email addresses; and
  —    update the section entitled Environmental Leadership to add a category of employees to whom mandatory
       environmental training applies.
In addition to these changes, certain other technical, administrative and non-substantive amendments were made to the Code
of Conduct.
A copy of the Code of Conduct, as amended, has been posted on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.
                                  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

A brief description of our pre-approval policies and procedures and information about fees and services billed to us by our
principal accountant, Deloitte LLP (PCAOB ID No. 1208) can be found under the sections entitled “Pre-approval policies and
procedures” and “External auditors’ fees” on page 36 of our Annual Information Form contained in Exhibit 99.1, which
sections are incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 40-F.




                                                                                                                                 5
In 2023 and 2022, no audit-related, tax or other services were submitted to BCE’s Audit Committee for approval pursuant to
the pre-approval requirement waiver provision set out in paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X.
                  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
Please see the sections entitled “Contractual obligations” and “Indemnifications and guarantees” on page 77 of the BCE 2023
MD&A contained in Exhibit 99.2 (which sections are incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 40-F) for a
discussion of certain off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations.
                                  IDENTIFICATION OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE

BCE has a separately designated standing Audit Committee established in accordance with section 3(a)(58)(A) of the
Exchange Act. BCE’s Audit Committee is comprised of five independent members: Mr. L.P. Pagnutti (Chair), Ms. K. Lee, Ms.
M.F. Leroux, Ms. J. Tory and Mr. C. Wright.

                                             MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
                                                    UNDERTAKING
BCE undertakes to make available, in person or by telephone, representatives to respond to inquiries made by the Commission
staff, and to furnish promptly, when requested to do so by the Commission staff, information relating to: the securities in
relation to which the obligation to file this annual report on Form 40-F arises or transactions in said securities.
                                              WEBSITE INFORMATION
Notwithstanding any reference to BCE’s website or other websites on the World Wide Web in this annual report on Form 40-F
or in the documents attached as Exhibits hereto, the information contained in BCE’s website or any other site on the World
Wide Web referred to in this annual report on Form 40-F or in the documents attached as Exhibits hereto, or referred to in
BCE’s website, is not a part of this annual report on Form 40-F and, therefore, is not filed with the Commission.
       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES FROM NYSE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE RULES
A summary of significant differences between corporate governance practices followed by BCE and corporate governance
practices required to be followed by U.S. domestic companies under the New York Stock Exchange’s Listing Standards
(disclosure required by section 303A.11 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual) is available in the governance section of
BCE’s website at BCE.ca.



                                                                                                                          6
                                                         SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on
Form 40-F and has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized.

                                                                                            BCE Inc.

                                                                                            By:      (signed) Curtis Millen
                                                                                                     Curtis Millen
                                                                                                     Executive Vice-President
                                                                                                     and Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                            Date:    March 8, 2024




                                                                                                                                   7
                                                                                                     LIST OF EXHIBITS
                                                                                                     TO FORM 40-F
BCE Inc. Policy for the recovery of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation from
executive officers                                                                                       Exhibit 97
Annual Information Form of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2023                                Exhibit 99.1
Management's Discussion and Analysis of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2023                   Exhibit 99.2
Annual audited consolidated financial statements of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31,
2023                                                                                                    Exhibit 99.3
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting and the Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon                                                               Exhibit 99.4
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                                                Exhibit 99.5
Bell Canada Unaudited Selected Summary Financial Information                                            Exhibit 99.6
Exhibit to 2023 Annual Financial Statements – Earnings Coverage                                         Exhibit 99.7
Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                                                                  Exhibit 99.31
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                     Exhibit 99.32
Interactive Data File                                                                                   Exhibit 101
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)                Exhibit 104



                                                                                                                        8
                                                                                                                                  Exhibit 97

                                         BCE INC. POLICY FOR THE
                      RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED INCENTIVE-BASED COMPENSATION
                                        FROM EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

I. BACKGROUND

          BCE Inc. (the “Company”) has adopted this policy (this “Policy”) to provide for the recovery or “clawback” of certain incentive
compensation in the event of a Restatement (as defined below). This Policy is intended to comply with, and will be interpreted to be
consistent with, the requirements of Section 303A.14 of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) Listed Company Manual (the “Listing
Standard”).

II. STATEMENT OF POLICY

          The Company shall recover reasonably promptly the amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation in the event
that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial
reporting requirement under applicable securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously
issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if
the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (a “Restatement”).

          The Company shall recover erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation in compliance with this Policy except to the
extent provided under the section entitled “V. Exceptions” herein.

III. SCOPE OF POLICY

         A. Covered Persons and Recovery Period. This Policy applies to all Incentive-Based Compensation received by a person:

    ●    after beginning service as an Executive Officer,
    ●    who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for that Incentive-Based Compensation,
    ●    while the Company has a class of securities listed on NYSE, and
    ●    during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Company is required to prepare a Restatement
         (the “Recovery Period”).

       Notwithstanding this look-back requirement, the Company is only required to apply this Policy to Incentive-Based
Compensation received on or after October 2, 2023.

         For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation shall be deemed “received” in the Company’s fiscal period during
which the Financial Reporting Measure (as defined herein) specified in the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if the
payment or grant of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period.

         B. Transition Period. In addition to the Recovery Period, this Policy applies to any transition period (that results from a change
in the Company’s fiscal year) within or immediately following the Recovery Period (a “Transition Period”), provided that a
                                                                     -1­
Transition Period between the last day of the Company’s previous fiscal year end and the first day of the Company’s new fiscal year that
comprises a period of nine to 12 months will be deemed a completed fiscal year. For clarity, the Company’s obligation to recover
erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation under this Policy is not dependent on if or when a Restatement is filed.

          C. Determining Recovery Period. For purposes of determining the relevant Recovery Period, the date that the Company is
required to prepare the Restatement is the earlier to occur of:

    ●    the date the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”), a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the
         Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the
         Company is required to prepare a Restatement, and
    ●    the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement.

IV. AMOUNT SUBJECT TO RECOVERY

          A. Recoverable Amount. The amount of Incentive-Based Compensation subject to recovery under this Policy is the amount of
Incentive-Based Compensation received that exceeds the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been
received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid.

          B. Covered Compensation Based on the Company’s Common Share Price or TSR. For Incentive-Based Compensation based
on the price of the Company’s common shares or total shareholder return (“TSR”), where the amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-
Based Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in a Restatement, the recoverable amount
shall be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the share price or TSR upon which the Incentive-Based
Compensation was received. In such event, the Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate
and provide such documentation to the NYSE.

V. EXCEPTIONS

          The Company shall recover erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation in compliance with this Policy except to the
extent that the conditions set out below are met and the Management Resources and Compensation Committee (the “Committee”) has
made a determination that recovery would be impracticable:

         A. Direct Expense Exceeds Recoverable Amount. The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy
would exceed the amount to be recovered; provided, however, that before concluding it would be impracticable to recover any amount of
erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation based on the anticipated expense of enforcement, the Company shall make a
reasonable attempt to recover such erroneously awarded Incentive-Based Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover,
and provide that documentation to the NYSE.

         B. Violation of Home Country Law. Recovery would violate applicable Canadian federal or provincial law (“Canadian law”)
where that law was adopted prior to November
                                                                   -2­
28, 2022; provided, however, that before concluding it would be impracticable to recover any amount of erroneously awarded Incentive-
Based Compensation based on violation of Canadian law, the Company shall obtain an opinion of Canadian counsel, acceptable to the
NYSE, that recovery would result in such a violation, and shall provide such opinion to NYSE.

         C. Recovery from Certain Tax-Qualified Retirement Plans. Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement
plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or
26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder.

VI. PROHIBITION AGAINST INDEMNIFICATION

          The Company shall not indemnify any Executive Officer or former Executive Officer against the loss of erroneously awarded
Incentive-Based Compensation.

VII. DISCLOSURE

          The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to recoveries under this Policy in accordance with the requirements of all
applicable Canadian and U.S. Federal securities laws, including the disclosure required to be included in applicable Securities and
Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings.

VIII. DEFINITIONS

         Unless the context otherwise requires, the following definitions apply for purposes of this Policy:

           “Executive Officer” means the Company’s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no
such accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function
(such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person who performs
similar policymaking functions for the Company. Executive officers of the Company’s subsidiaries are deemed Executive Officers of the
Company if they perform such policy making functions for the Company. Policy-making function is not intended to include policymaking
functions that are not significant. Identification of an Executive Officer for purposes of this Policy will include at a minimum executive
officers identified pursuant to 17 CFR 229.401(b).

         “Financial Reporting Measures” means any of the following: (i) measures that are determined and presented in accordance with
the accounting principles used in preparing the Company’s financial statements, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from
such measures, (ii) stock price and (iii) TSR. A Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within the Company’s financial
statements or included in a filing with the SEC.

         “Incentive-Based Compensation” means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the
attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure.
                                                                    -3­
IX. ADMINISTRATION; AMENDMENT; TERMINATION.

          All determinations under this Policy will be made by the Committee, including determinations regarding how any recovery
under this Policy is effected. Any determinations of the Committee will be final, binding and conclusive and need not be uniform with
respect to each individual covered by this Policy.

The Committee may amend this Policy from time to time and may terminate this Policy at any time, in each case in its sole discretion.

X. EFFECTIVENESS; OTHER RECOUPMENT RIGHTS

          This Policy shall be effective as of December 1, 2023. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu
of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates under applicable
law or pursuant to the terms of any similar policy or similar provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar
agreement.
                                                                     -4­
                                             Exhibit 99.1




Telco to Techco




ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM

                                       BCE
FOR THE YEAR ENOfO OECEM8ER JI. 202J
MARCH ?,2024
                                                            In this Annual Information Form, we, us, our, BCE and the company
                                                            mean, as the context may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively, BCE
                                                            Inc., Bell Canada, their subsidiaries, joint arrangements and
                                                            associates. Bell means, as the context may require, either Bell Canada
                                                            or, collectively, Bell Canada, its subsidiaries, joint arrangements and
                                                            associates.
                                                            Each section of BCE’s 2021, 2022 and 2023 management’s discussion
                                                            and analysis (BCE 2021 MD&A, BCE 2022 MD&A and BCE 2023
                                                            MD&A, respectively) and each section of BCE’s 2023 consolidated
                                                            financial statements referred to in this Annual Information Form is
                                                            incorporated by reference herein. No other document shall be
                                                            considered to be incorporated by reference in this Annual Information
                                                            Form. The BCE 2021 MD&A, BCE 2022 MD&A, BCE 2023 MD&A and
                                                            BCE 2023 consolidated financial statements have been filed with the
                                                            Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities (available at
                                                            sedarplus.ca) and with the United States (U.S.) Securities and
                                                            Exchange Commission (SEC) as exhibits to BCE’s annual reports on
                                                            Form 40-F (available at sec.gov). They are also available on BCE’s
                                                            website at BCE.ca.
                                                            Unless otherwise indicated herein, documents and other information
                                                            contained in BCE’s website or in any other site referred to in BCE’s
                                                            website or in this Annual Information Form are not part of this Annual
                                                            Information Form and are not incorporated by reference herein. In
                                                            particular, but without limitation, BCE’s integrated annual report for the
                                                            year ended December 31, 2023 (BCE 2023 Integrated Annual Report)
                                                            and BCE’s Climate Action Report are not part of this Annual Information
                                                            Form and are not incorporated by reference herein.
                                                            All dollar figures are in Canadian dollars, unless stated otherwise. The
                                                            information in this Annual Information Form is as of March 7, 2024,
                                                            unless stated otherwise, and except for information in documents
                                                            incorporated by reference that have a different date.




Trademarks in this Annual Information Form which are owned or used under licence by BCE Inc., Bell Canada or their subsidiaries include, without limitation, BCE, BELL Design, BELL MOBILITY and BELL MEDIA. This Annual
Information Form also includes trademarks of other parties. The trademarks referred to in this Annual Information Form may be listed without the ® and TM symbols.
© BCE Inc., 2024. All rights reserved.
Table of contents
                                                                                                                                                                               Parts of MD&A and financial statements
                                                                                                                              Annual                                       incorporated by reference (references are to
                                                                                                                         information                                    pages of the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report,
                                                                                                                                form                                                 except where otherwise indicated)

1      Caution regarding forward-looking statements                                                                                2                                                           33; 40; 61; 66; 88-98

2      Corporate structure                                                                                                         4
       2.1      Incorporation and registered office                                                                                 4
       2.2      Subsidiaries                                                                                                        4

3      Description of our business                                                                                                 5
       3.1      General summary                                                                                                     5                                              15-18; 47; 55; 60-61; 65-66; 82
       3.2      Strategic imperatives                                                                                               6                                                                           35-38
       3.3      Our transformation from Telco to Techco                                                                             6
       3.4      Competitive strengths                                                                                               6                                                                               36
       3.5      Marketing and distribution channels                                                                               11
       3.6      Networks                                                                                                          13
       3.7      Employees                                                                                                         15
       3.8      Corporate responsibility                                                                                          16                                                                            23-34
       3.9      Competitive environment                                                                                           17                                                   42-43; 58-60; 62; 64-65; 67
       3.10     Regulatory environment                                                                                            17                                                                            83-87
       3.11     Intangible properties                                                                                             17

4      General development of our business – three-year history                                                                   19
       4.1      Transactions                                                                                                      19
       4.2      Corporate developments                                                                                            20                          18-23; 35-38; 18-21 (1); 33-36 (1); 38-42 (2); 51-54 (2)
       4.3      Regulatory environment                                                                                            20                                                   83-87; 86-90 (1); 103-106 (2)

5      Our capital structure                                                                                                      21
       5.1      BCE securities                                                                                                    21                                                                         154-155
       5.2      Bell Canada debt securities                                                                                       22                                                                         144-145
       5.3      Credit ratings                                                                                                    23
       5.4      Trading of our securities                                                                                         26

6      Dividends and dividend payout policy                                                                                       28                                                                 20-23; 103-108

7      Our directors and executive officers                                                                                       30
       7.1      Directors                                                                                                         30
       7.2      Executive officers                                                                                                31
       7.3      Directors’ and executive officers’ share ownership                                                                31

8      Legal proceedings                                                                                                          32

9      Interest of management and others in material transactions                                                                 34

10     Interest of experts                                                                                                        34

11     Transfer agent and registrar                                                                                               34

12     For more information                                                                                                       34

13     Schedule 1 – Audit Committee information                                                                                   35

14     Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter                                                                                       37




(1) References to parts of the BCE 2022 MD&A contained in BCE’s annual financial report for the year ended December 31, 2022 (BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report).
(2) References to parts of the BCE 2021 MD&A contained in BCE’s annual report for the year ended December 31, 2021 (BCE 2021 Annual Report).

                                                                                                                                                         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                       1
1 Caution regarding forward-looking statements


1           Caution regarding forward-looking statements
Certain statements made in this Annual Information Form are forward-looking statements. These statements include, without limitation, statements
relating to BCE’s dividend growth objective, 2024 annualized common share dividend and dividend payout ratio level, and dividend payout policy
target, BCE’s anticipated capital expenditures and network deployment plans, our transformation initiatives and the benefits expected to result
therefrom, the cost savings and other benefits expected to result from workforce reductions as well as estimated related severance payments, the
expected timing and completion of the proposed acquisition of the Canadian out-of-home (OOH) media business of OUTFRONT Media Inc.
(OUTFRONT) and the benefits expected to result therefrom, our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities, and other statements that
do not refer to historical facts. A statement we make is forward-looking when it uses what we know and expect today to make a statement about the
future. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the words assumption, goal, guidance, objective, outlook, project, strategy, target,
commitment and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as aim, anticipate, believe, could, expect, intend, may, plan, seek,
should, strive and will. All such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbour provisions of applicable Canadian securities laws
and of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Unless otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements in this               Important risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ
Annual Information Form describe our expectations as at March 7, 2024              materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the previously mentioned
and, accordingly, are subject to change after that date. Except as may be          forward-looking statements and other forward-looking statements contained in
required by applicable securities laws, we do not undertake any obligation to      this Annual Information Form include, but are not limited to: the negative effect
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new        of adverse economic conditions, including a potential recession, elevated
information, future events or otherwise.                                           inflation, high interest rates and financial and capital market volatility, and the
                                                                                   resulting negative impact on business and customer spending and the demand
Forward-looking statements, by their very nature, are subject to inherent risks    for our products and services; the negative effect of adverse conditions
and uncertainties and are based on several assumptions, both general and           associated with geopolitical events; regulatory initiatives, proceedings and
specific, which give rise to the possibility that actual results or events could   decisions, government consultations and government positions that negatively
differ materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, such          affect us and influence our business including, without limitation, concerning
forward-looking statements and that our business outlook, objectives, plans        mandatory access to networks, spectrum auctions, the imposition of consumer-
and strategic priorities may not be achieved. These statements are not             related codes of conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum
guarantees of future performance or events, and we caution you against             licensing, foreign ownership requirements, privacy and cybersecurity
relying on any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking                obligations and control of copyright piracy; the inability to implement enhanced
statements are presented in this Annual Information Form for the purpose of        compliance frameworks and to comply with legal and regulatory obligations;
assisting investors and others in understanding our objectives, strategic          unfavourable resolution of legal proceedings; the intensity of competitive
priorities and business outlook, as well as our anticipated operating              activity and the failure to effectively respond to evolving competitive dynamics;
environment. Readers are cautioned, however, that such information may not         the level of technological substitution and the presence of alternative service
be appropriate for other purposes.                                                 providers contributing to disruptions and disintermediation in each of our
Subject to various factors, we believe that the assumptions on which the           business segments; changing customer behaviour and the expansion of cloud-
forward-looking statements made in this Annual Information Form are based          based, over-the-top (OTT) and other alternative solutions; advertising market
were reasonable at March 7, 2024. Refer in particular to the sub-sections of       pressures from economic conditions, fragmentation and non-traditional/global
the BCE 2023 MD&A entitled Assumptions on pages 33, 40, 61 and 66 of               digital services; rising content costs and challenges in our ability to acquire or
BCE’s annual financial report for the year ended December 31, 2023 (BCE            develop key content; high Canadian Internet and smartphone penetration; the
2023 Annual Financial Report) for a discussion of certain key economic,            failure to evolve and transform our networks, systems and operations using
market, operational and other assumptions we have made in preparing                next-generation technologies while lowering our cost structure, including the
forward-looking statements. If our assumptions turn out to be inaccurate,          failure to transition from a traditional telecommunications company to a tech
actual results or events could be materially different from what we expect.        services and digital media company and meet customer expectations of
                                                                                   product and service

2       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
1 Caution regarding forward-looking statements

experience; the inability to drive a positive customer experience; the inability    climate change; pandemics, epidemics and other health risks, including health
to protect our physical and non-physical assets from events such as                 concerns about radio frequency emissions from wireless communications
information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry, fire and natural        devices and equipment; the inability to adequately manage social issues; the
disasters; the failure to implement an effective data governance framework;         failure to develop and implement sufficient corporate governance practices; the
the failure to attract, develop and retain a diverse and talented team capable      adverse impact of various internal and external factors on our ability to achieve
of furthering our strategic imperatives and high-tech transformation; the           our ESG targets including, without limitation, those related to greenhouse gas
potential deterioration in employee morale and engagement resulting from            (GHG) emissions reduction and diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging.
staff reductions, cost reductions or reorganizations and the de-prioritization of
transformation initiatives due to staff reductions, cost reductions or              These and other risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ
reorganizations; the failure to adequately manage health and safety concerns;       materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-
labour disruptions and shortages; the risk that we may need to incur                looking statements are discussed in this Annual Information Form and the BCE
significant capital expenditures to provide additional capacity and reduce          2023 MD&A and, in particular, in section 9, Business risks of the BCE 2023
network congestion; service interruptions or outages due to network failures        MD&A, on pages 88 to 98 of the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report.
or slowdowns; events affecting the functionality of, and our ability to protect,    Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Information Form for
test, maintain, replace and upgrade, our networks, information technology (IT)      periods beyond 2024 involve longer-term assumptions and estimates than
systems, equipment and other facilities; the failure by other                       forward-looking statements for 2024 and are consequently subject to greater
telecommunications carriers on which we rely to provide services to complete        uncertainty. Forward-looking statements for periods beyond 2024 further
planned and sufficient testing, maintenance, replacement or upgrade of their        assume, unless otherwise indicated, that the risks described above and in
networks, equipment and other facilities, which could disrupt our operations        section 9, Business risks of the BCE 2023 MD&A will remain substantially
including through network or other infrastructure failures; the complexity of our   unchanged during such periods.
operations and IT systems and the failure to implement or maintain highly
effective processes and IT systems; in-orbit and other operational risks to         We caution readers that the risks described above are not the only ones that
which the satellites used to provide our satellite TV services are subject; the     could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or
inability to access adequate sources of capital and generate sufficient cash        that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse
flows from operating activities to meet our cash requirements, fund capital         effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or
expenditures and provide for planned growth; uncertainty as to whether              reputation. We regularly consider potential acquisitions, dispositions, mergers,
dividends will be declared or the dividend on common shares will be                 business combinations, investments, monetizations, joint ventures and other
increased by BCE’s board of directors; the failure to reduce costs and              transactions, some of which may be significant. Except as otherwise indicated
adequately assess investment priorities, as well as unexpected increases in         by us, forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any
costs; the inability to manage various credit, liquidity and market risks; the      such transactions or of special items that may be announced or that may occur
failure to evolve practices to effectively monitor and control fraudulent           after March 7, 2024. The financial impact of these transactions and special
activities; new or higher taxes due to new tax laws or changes thereto or in        items can be complex and depends on facts particular to each of them. We
the interpretation thereof, and the inability to predict the outcome of             therefore cannot describe the expected impact in a meaningful way or in the
government audits; the impact on our financial statements and estimates from        same way we present known risks affecting our business.
a number of factors; pension obligation volatility and increased contributions
to post-employment benefit plans; our dependence on third-party suppliers,
outsourcers and consultants to provide an uninterrupted supply of the
products and services we need; the failure of our vendor selection,
governance and oversight processes, including our management of supplier
risk in the areas of security, data governance and responsible procurement;
the quality of our products and services and the extent to which they may be
subject to defects or fail to comply with applicable government regulations
and standards; reputational risks and the inability to meaningfully integrate
environmental, social and governance (ESG) considerations into our business
strategy and operations; the failure to take appropriate actions to adapt to
current and emerging environmental impacts, including

                                                                                                                   BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM           3
2 Corporate structure


2                Corporate structure

2.1              Incorporation and registered office
BCE Inc. was incorporated in 1970 and was continued under the Canada                                                        Bell Canada preferred shares for BCE Inc. preferred shares; (c) a certificate
Business Corporations Act in 1979. It is governed by a certificate and articles                                             and articles of amendment dated June 29, 2011 to create two additional series
of amalgamation dated August 1, 2004, as amended by: (a) a certificate and                                                  of BCE Inc. Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares (first preferred
articles of arrangement dated July 10, 2006 to implement a plan of                                                          shares); and (d) certificates and articles of amendment dated September 22,
arrangement providing for the distribution by BCE Inc. to its shareholders of                                               2014 and November 11, 2014 to create six additional series of BCE Inc. first
units in the Bell Aliant Regional Communications Income Fund and to                                                         preferred shares. BCE Inc.’s head and registered offices are located at 1,
consolidate outstanding BCE Inc. common shares; (b) a certificate and                                                       Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building A, Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3.
articles of amendment dated January 25, 2007 to implement a plan of
arrangement providing for the exchange of




2.2              Subsidiaries
The table below shows BCE Inc.’s main subsidiaries at December 31, 2023,                                                    assets and 10% or less of our total consolidated operating revenues at
which are all incorporated in Canada, and the percentage of voting securities                                               December 31, 2023. These other subsidiaries together represented 20% or less
that BCE Inc. directly or indirectly held in such subsidiaries on that date. BCE                                            of our total consolidated assets and 20% or less of our total consolidated
Inc. has other subsidiaries that have not been included in the table since each                                             operating revenues at December 31, 2023.
represented 10% or less of our total consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Percentage of voting securities held
Subsidiary                                                                                                                                                                                               by BCE Inc. at December 31, 2023 (1)

Bell Canada                                                                                                                                                                                                                              100%
Bell Mobility Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       100%
Bell Media Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          100%

(1) At December 31, 2023, BCE Inc. directly held 94.1% of the voting securities of Bell Canada and indirectly held the remaining 5.9% through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bell MTS Inc. (Bell MTS). BCE Inc. indirectly held all the
    voting securities of: (i) Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility) through Bell Canada, which in turn indirectly held all the voting securities of Bell Mobility through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bell Mobility Holdings Inc.; and (ii) Bell Media
    Inc. (Bell Media) through Bell Canada.

4           BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business


3              Description of our business
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our anticipated capital expenditures and network deployment plans, our
transformation initiatives and the benefits expected to result therefrom, the cost savings and other benefits expected to result from workforce
reductions as well as estimated related severance payments, and our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to section 1,
Caution regarding forward-looking statements in this Annual Information Form.



3.1            General summary
BCE is Canada’s largest communications company (1), providing residential,                                         across Canada. Revenues are derived primarily from advertising and
business and wholesale customers with a wide range of solutions for all their                                      subscriber fees.
communications needs.
                                                                                                                   Additional information regarding our business operations and the products and
In 2022, we began modifying our internal and external reporting processes to                                       services we provide can be found in section 1.2, About BCE of the BCE 2023
align with organizational changes that were made to reflect an increasing                                          MD&A, on pages 15 to 18 of the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report. Additional
strategic focus on multiproduct sales, the continually increasing technological                                    information regarding the business outlook of our Bell CTS and Bell Media
convergence of our wireless and wireline telecommunications infrastructure                                         segments can be found in the sections entitled Business outlook and
and operations driven by the deployment of our Fifth Generation (5G) and                                           assumptions of the BCE 2023 MD&A, on pages 60 and 61, and 65 and 66 of
fibre networks, and our digital transformation. These factors have made it                                         the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report.
increasingly difficult to distinguish between our wireless and wireline
operations and resulted in changes in the first quarter of 2023 to the financial                                   In addition to our operating segments, we also hold investments in a number of
information that is regularly provided to our chief operating decision maker to                                    other assets, including:
measure performance and allocate resources.                                                                        • a 37.5% indirect equity interest in Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd.
                                                                                                                     (MLSE) (2), a sports and entertainment company that owns several sports
Effective with our Q1 2023 results, our previous Bell Wireless and Bell
                                                                                                                     teams, including the Toronto Maple Leafs, the Toronto Raptors, Toronto FC
Wireline operating segments were combined to form a single reporting
                                                                                                                     and the Toronto Argonauts, as well as real estate and entertainment assets in
segment called Bell Communication and Technology Services (Bell CTS). Bell
                                                                                                                     Toronto;
Media remains a distinct reportable segment and is unaffected. Our results
are therefore reported in two segments: Bell CTS and Bell Media. As a result                                       • a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel Inc. (Glentel), a Canadian-based
of our reporting changes, prior periods have been restated for comparative                                           connected services retailer;
purposes.
                                                                                                                   • a 20.2% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal Canadiens
Our Bell CTS segment provides a wide range of communication products and                                             Hockey Club, evenko (a promoter and producer of cultural and sports events)
services to consumers, businesses and government customers across                                                    and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec, as well as Place Bell in Laval,
Canada. Wireless products and services include mobile data and voice plans                                           Québec.
and devices and are available nationally. Wireline products and services
                                                                                                                   A discussion of the key transactions completed by BCE since 2021 can be
comprise data (including Internet access, Internet protocol television (IPTV),
                                                                                                                   found in section 4.1, Transactions of this Annual Information Form.
cloud-based services and business solutions), voice, and other
communication services and products, which are available to our residential,                                       For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we generated consolidated
small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers primarily in                                        operating revenues of $24,673 million and $24,174 million, respectively, and
Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, while satellite TV                                           consolidated net earnings of $2,327 million and $2,926 million, respectively. For
service and connectivity to business customers are available nationally across                                     the year ended December 31, 2023, Bell CTS’ operating revenues totaled
Canada. In addition, this segment includes our wholesale business, which                                           $21,926 million ($21,897 million external revenues) and Bell Media’s operating
buys and sells local telephone, long distance, data and other services from or                                     revenues totaled $3,117 million ($2,776 million external revenues). For the year
to resellers and other carriers, as well as the results of operations of our                                       ended December 31, 2022, Bell CTS’ operating revenues totaled
national consumer electronics retailer, The Source (Bell) Electronics Inc. (The                                    $21,301 million ($21,270 million external revenues) and Bell Media’s operating
Source). Subsequent to year end, Bell Canada announced a strategic                                                 revenues totaled $3,254 million ($2,904 million external revenues). A table
partnership with Best Buy Canada to operate 165 The Source consumer                                                showing the operating revenues that each segment contributed to total
electronics retail stores in Canada, which will be rebranded as Best Buy                                           operating revenues for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 can be
Express and offer the latest in consumer electronics from Best Buy along with                                      found in section 4.3, Operating revenues of the BCE 2023 MD&A, on page 47
exclusive telecommunications services from Bell. In addition, Bell will wind                                       of the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report. A table showing the operating
down The Source head office and back office operations, as well as close 107                                       revenues of our Bell CTS segment by category of products and services can be
The Source stores.                                                                                                 found in section 5.1, Bell CTS of the BCE 2023 MD&A, on page 55 of the BCE
                                                                                                                   2023 Annual Financial Report.
Our Bell Media segment provides conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV,
streaming services, digital media services, radio broadcasting services and                                        Some of our segments’ revenues vary slightly by season. For more information,
OOH and advanced advertising services to customers nationally                                                      refer to section 7.2, Quarterly financial information – Seasonality considerations
                                                                                                                   of the BCE 2023 MD&A, on page 82 of the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report.

(1) Based on total revenue and total combined customer connections.
(2) In January 2023, we repurchased the BCE Master Trust Fund’s interest in MLSE for a cash consideration of $149 million, thereby increasing our indirect equity interest in MLSE from 28% to 37.5%.

                                                                                                                                                              BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM     5
3 Description of our business



3.2            Strategic imperatives
BCE’s purpose is to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the           Our strategy is centred on our disciplined focus and execution of six strategic
world. Our strategy builds on our longstanding strengths in networks, service       imperatives that position us to deliver continued success in a fast-changing
innovation and content creation, and positions the company for continued            communications marketplace. The six strategic imperatives that underlie BCE’s
growth and innovation leadership. Our primary business objectives are to            business plan are:
grow our subscriber base profitably and to maximize revenues, operating
profit, free cash flow and return on invested capital by further enhancing our
position as the foremost provider in Canada of comprehensive
communications services to residential, business and wholesale customers,
and as Canada’s leading content creation company. We seek to take
advantage of opportunities to leverage our networks, infrastructure, sales
channels, and brand and marketing resources across our various lines of
business to create value for our customers and other stakeholders.




                                                                                    Additional information regarding our strategic imperatives can be found in
                                                                                    section 2, Strategic imperatives of the BCE 2023 MD&A, on pages 35 to 38 of
                                                                                    the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report.




3.3            Our transformation from Telco to Techco
We have begun our journey to modernize from a traditional                           • Enable customers to be served on their timeline through simple sales and
telecommunications company (telco) to a technology services and digital               support interactions across the channel of their choosing (e.g., online, call
media company (collectively referred to as techco).                                   centre, store)
Innovation is driving customer expectations for enhanced user experiences,          • Access to new and better products, services and solutions on an accelerated
improved customer service, and faster market responses, all of which are              basis tailored to meet customers’ evolving needs and expectations
improved by our transformation to a techco.
                                                                                    To support and accelerate this evolution, we launched a multi-year operational
Our evolution to a techco takes a customer-first approach and specifically          transformation project to modernize our operations, increase productivity, build
sets out to deliver incremental value to our customers:                             tech talent and materially right-size our cost base.
• Ability for customers to enjoy our products, services, and content on any
  device in any location




3.4            Competitive strengths
Canada’s largest communications company                                              services. We also had 2,732,548 mobile connected device subscribers at
                                                                                     December 31, 2023.
We are Canada’s largest communications company (1), providing residential,
business and wholesale customers with a wide range of solutions for all their       • BCE is the largest Internet service provider (ISP) in Canada based on number
communications needs, as described below:                                             of subscribers, providing 4,473,429 retail customers at December 31, 2023
                                                                                      with high-speed Internet access through fibre-optic, wireless-to-the-premise
• We are the largest local exchange carrier in Canada. BCE operates an                (WTTP) and digital subscriber line (DSL) technology.
  extensive local access network in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces
  and Manitoba, as well as in Canada’s Northern Territories. We provide a           • BCE is one of the largest TV providers in Canada based on number of
  complete suite of wireless communications, wireline voice and data,                 subscribers, nationally broadcasting a wide range of domestic and
  including Internet access and TV, product and service offerings to residential,     international programming to 2,725,292 retail subscribers at December 31,
  business and wholesale customers. We also own Bell Media, Canada’s                  2023 through its IPTV services, namely Fibe TV, the Fibe TV app and Virgin
  leading content creation company with premier assets in TV, radio and OOH,          Plus TV, as well as its satellite TV service.
  monetized through traditional and digital platforms.                              • BCE operated 2,021,617 retail residential network access service voice lines
• We also offer competitive local exchange carrier services in Alberta and            at December 31, 2023.
  British Columbia.                                                                 • Our business markets team maintains a leadership position, having
• At December 31, 2023, BCE was one of the largest wireless operators in              established relationships with a majority of Canada’s largest 100 corporations.
  Canada based on number of subscribers, providing 10,287,046 mobile
  phone subscribers with nationwide mobile voice and data


(1) Based on total revenue and total combined customer connections.

6         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

Our large customer base, our wireline and wireless network reach, and our                                          Bell’s 5G network covered 86% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2023,
ability to sell through a variety of distribution channels, as discussed in more                                   a significant increase from the 26% of Canada’s population covered at the end
detail in section 3.5, Marketing and distribution channels in this Annual                                          of 2020, attributable in part to our capital expenditure acceleration program,
Information Form, give us scale that supports the execution of our six                                             which provided for $1.7 billion in additional network funding in 2021 and 2022,
strategic imperatives. With a wireless network service footprint that                                              in addition to the approximately $4 billion that Bell typically spent each year in
encompasses more than 99% of Canada’s population, a coast-to-coast                                                 network expansion and enhancement prior to 2020. This $1.7 billion in
national fibre transport network and a local exchange carrier footprint from                                       accelerated capital expenditures advanced the rollout of our broadband fibre,
Manitoba to the Atlantic provinces, BCE is well positioned to take advantage                                       5G wireless and rural networks and helped drive Canada’s recovery from the
of integrated wireless and wireline solutions in the future.                                                       COVID-19 pandemic. In 2022, Bell launched its 5G+ network, a faster and
                                                                                                                   more responsive service allowing for a superior mobile experience, and which
Technologically advanced wireless networks                                                                         covered 51% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2023. Refer to section
                                                                                                                   3.6, Networks – Wireless in this Annual Information Form for more details
and services                                                                                                       concerning our wireless networks.
Through our Bell CTS segment, we provide wireless services over
technologically advanced wireless networks that are available to virtually all                                     For the third consecutive year, Bell 5G was ranked Canada’s fastest and best
Canadians. We offer a broad range of wireless voice and data communication                                         5G network by Global Wireless Solutions (GWS) in its 2023 nationwide
products and services to residential and business customers through our Bell                                       assessment of 5G networks (1). New this year, GWS’s testing included
brand, as well as our Virgin Plus and Lucky Mobile brands, which enhance                                           3500 MHz network wireless spectrum and determined Bell’s network (5G+)
our competitive market position by allowing us to compete more effectively                                         performance to be the fastest and best in the country.
with the Canadian industry’s other discount brands as well as regional
facilities-based wireless service providers.                                                                       Advancing 5G and IoT solutions
We are focused on growing our market share of national operators’ postpaid                                         Bell is working with a range of global and domestic 5G partners, including
mobile phone net customer activations, growing our prepaid mobile phone                                            Ericsson and Nokia, to accelerate Canada’s 5G innovation ecosystem. This
subscriber base, improving sales execution and customer retention, and                                             includes continued investment in research and development (R&D) at
introducing new devices and data services. We also believe our priorities for                                      Canadian institutions, such as a partnership between Western University and
improved customer experience at all touch points, enhanced network quality                                         Bell creating an advanced centre for research into 5G applications across
and performance driven by effective spectrum deployment and carrier                                                health (including mental health), transportation, education and other sectors. In
aggregation that support bandwidth and speeds, as well as a broad device                                           2022, Bell also launched a private mobile network at the Centre for Port
offering, should continue to improve our ability to attract and retain wireless                                    Innovation, Engagement and Research (The PIER), an innovation hub in
customers. With our 5G and 5G+ wireless networks, fourth-generation (4G)                                           Halifax focused on developing innovative solutions for supply chain and
long-term evolution (LTE) wireless network, LTE Advanced (LTE-A) network                                           logistics in the transportation industry, enabling IoT solutions that help support
and our high-speed packet access plus (HSPA+) network, we are able to offer                                        business-critical functions with real-time data monitoring and reporting, as well
one of the broadest ranges of choice in wireless smartphones in Canada,                                            as supporting partners as they work to develop commercial opportunities
along with extensive North American and international coverage. Bell also                                          seeking to benefit Canadian and global companies and their customers. On the
offers a LTE, Category M1 (LTE-M) network, which is a subset of our LTE                                            international stage, Bell is involved in the setting of global 5G standards with
network supporting low-power Internet of Things (IoT) applications with                                            our participation in the Next Generation Mobile Networks consortium and Third
enhanced coverage, longer device battery life and enabling lower costs for                                         Generation Partnership Program.
IoT devices connecting to Bell’s national network.                                                                 The high capacity and near instant connections offered by 5G will support new
Through its 5G and 5G+ wireless service, Bell offers enhanced mobile data                                          consumer and business applications in the coming years, including augmented
speeds and the latest 5G and 5G+-capable smartphones. Bell is working with                                         and virtual reality (AR/VR), artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning,
multiple equipment suppliers for its 5G rollout, including Nokia Corporation                                       immersive entertainment services, connected vehicles, smart cities and
(Nokia) and Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (Ericsson). In 2021, Bell                                              enhanced rural access, and IoT opportunities for business and government
acquired significant additional mid-band, flexible-use 3500 megahertz (MHz)                                        enterprises. In 2021, our 5G network enabled the launch of TSN 5G
wireless spectrum in the auction by Innovation, Science and Economic                                               View/Vision 5G RDS, an exclusive in-app feature that leverages Bell’s 5G
Development Canada (ISED) and on May 19, 2023, Bell obtained the right to                                          network to offer fans interactive new ways to watch sports. It was initially
use, through subordination, certain of Xplore Inc.’s 3500 MHz spectrum                                             introduced with Montréal Canadiens and Toronto Maple Leafs regional home
licences in Québec after receiving approval from ISED. On November 30,                                             game broadcasts, enabling fans to control the viewing angle of the game on
2023, Bell announced having secured the right to acquire 939 wireless                                              their smartphones, getting up close to every goal, pass, hit and penalty with
spectrum licences in the recently completed 3800 MHz spectrum auction,                                             zoom, pause, rewind and slow motion capabilities. The feature was later
covering 1.77 billion MHz per population (MHz-Pop) for $518 million.                                               expanded to Toronto Raptors home games and was expanded again in 2022 to
Essential to Canada’s ongoing transition to 5G communications, these high-                                         Winnipeg Jets home games. In January 2023, we announced a partnership
capacity airwaves support Bell’s delivery of enhanced 5G digital experiences                                       with Snap Inc. which introduced the first-ever 5G multi-user augmented
to Canadian consumers and businesses in urban, rural and remote
communities. Refer to section 4.1, Transactions in this Annual Information
Form for more details.




(1) Based on a third-party score (Global Wireless Solutions OneScore) calculated using Bell wireless 5G network testing in Canada against other national wireless networks from April 12, 2023 to October 27, 2023.

                                                                                                                                                               BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                  7
3 Description of our business

reality (AR) basketball experience on Snapchat. Fans with a 5G device in                                         to 100 megabits per second (Mbps) with fibre-to-the node (FTTN). Our network
attendance at four Toronto Raptors Welcome Toronto home games in early                                           also enables the delivery of our Internet service marketed as Virgin Plus
2023 could join a shared AR experience where thousands could participate by                                      Internet, offering download speeds of up to 300 Mbps. Refer to section 3.6,
teaming up and competing against each other, leveraging Snapchat’s AR                                            Networks – Wireline – High-speed fibre deployment in this Annual Information
technology and the speed, latency and bandwidth capabilities of 5G. In time                                      Form for more details concerning the deployment of our fibre-optic high-speed
for the start of the 2023-2024 hockey season, the 5G multi-user AR                                               Internet services.
experience was also introduced in Winnipeg at the Canada Life Centre with
the Bell 5G Slapshot Challenge AR lens. Jets fans were able to test their                                        Bell pure fibre Internet was awarded fastest in Canada in Ookla’s Q3-Q4 2023
slapshot skills against other fans in the stadium to see who could score the                                     Speedtest Awards report (1), with the report also ranking Bell pure fibre Wi-Fi as
most goals.                                                                                                      fastest in the country – both for the second time in a row. Bell was named the
                                                                                                                 Best Major & All Around ISP in PCMag’s Best ISPs 2023 Canada report (2) and
On September 25, 2023, we announced that Bell, Verizon, Vodafone and                                             Bell recognitions also include BrandSpark’s Most Trusted ISP 2023 and
independent software vendor Matsuko successfully conducted the first live                                        2024 (3).
transatlantic collaborative meeting connecting multiple holographic people in
Canada, the U.S. and the United Kingdom using 5G and multi-access edge                                           As Bell extends its direct fibre links in urban and suburban centres, we are also
computing (MEC) technology and Matsuko’s real-time software. Interacting                                         delivering broadband speeds to smaller towns and rural locations with our
with holograms of humans rather than avatars can provide a more personal                                         Wireless Home Internet fixed wireless service, which is based on 5G-capable
experience for many applications such as remote healthcare, collaborative                                        WTTP technology. With the expansion of wireless cell site coverage, deep fibre
working and education. The call was enabled by the speed of 5G combined                                          backhaul and advancements in technology, the cost to provide a fixed wireless
with the quick response times of MEC, which moves the necessary computing                                        solution has become viable in rural areas where it is uneconomical to deploy
closer to the edge of the network. Through its active participation in the 5G                                    FTTP. In 2021, we completed the buildout of our Wireless Home Internet
Future Forum industry body, Bell continues to support the developer                                              service in smaller towns and rural communities across Ontario, Québec, the
community to access 5G MEC technologies and for their solutions to take                                          Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, reaching our target of 1 million locations one
advantage of Bell’s 5G network in Canada, and to interoperate globally.                                          year ahead of schedule. Bell delivers Wireless Home Internet service with
                                                                                                                 download speeds of up to 50 Mbps and upload speeds of 10 Mbps (50/10) to a
Bell also provides a number of solutions in the IoT sector, which enables the                                    majority of customers. In August 2021, an agreement with Casa Systems, Inc.
interconnection of a range of devices and applications that send and receive                                     was announced for the upgrade of a portion of Bell’s WTTP network to 5G to
data. Bell further offers global connectivity solutions for our IoT platforms and                                further boost speed and capacity for Wireless Home Internet customers in rural
applications, which offer customers worldwide network access and the ability                                     regions, which was completed in June 2023.
to manage all of their international devices remotely from a single web
platform. Bell’s lineup of innovative IoT applications includes connected                                        Our fibre network also enables the delivery of Bell’s IPTV services, namely Fibe
telematics services, including security, safety, diagnostics and infotainment,                                   TV, the Fibe TV app and Virgin Plus TV.
for vehicles; fuel tank monitoring and water management solutions; fleet                                         Bell’s Fibe TV service, built on an IPTV platform, offers a wide range of flexible
management solutions connecting commercial vehicles to the Internet to                                           programming options and innovative features to customers in Ontario, Québec,
provide web-based analytics to manage the fleet; connected laptop solutions,                                     the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, such as: the Fibe TV wireless receiver,
enabling LTE connectivity directly from select LTE-enabled laptops; managed                                      which enables customers to enjoy the Fibe experience on up to 10 additional
IoT security services that offer businesses, smart cities and other                                              TVs anywhere in the home (five in Manitoba) without the hassle of running
organizations employing IoT solutions a fully managed solution to detect and                                     cable through the house; the Restart and Look Back features, enabling
protect organizations from evolving cyber threats; and new solutions made                                        customers to rewind and watch TV shows already in progress from the
available in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, such as real-time                                             beginning and up to 30 hours after they started; and the Trending feature,
occupancy monitoring, digital signage and sanitizer kiosks.                                                      which lists the five most-watched shows in both English and French among
                                                                                                                 Fibe TV customers at any given time and allows customers to switch to watch
Next-generation high-speed Internet and                                                                          live or Restart from the beginning. Fibe TV further allows access to Crave,
TV services                                                                                                      Netflix, Prime Video and YouTube directly from customer TV receivers,
                                                                                                                 providing a seamless experience.
Our strategic imperative to build the best networks is focused on the
expansion of our fibre network to more homes and business locations. At                                          In 2022, Bell introduced the new evolution of Fibe TV in Ontario and Québec
December 31, 2023, our fibre-to-the-premise (FTTP) footprint covered more                                        with thousands of apps and powerful search options to make our customers’
than 7 million homes and businesses in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic                                             experience even better. With the latest Google Android TV technology, Fibe TV
provinces and Manitoba. Our fibre network enables the delivery of Bell’s next-                                   provides access to over 10,000 apps from Google Play. Viewers can easily find
generation fibre-optic high-speed Internet service marketed as Fibe Internet,                                    the content they want to watch, and explore new and exciting entertainment
offering symmetrical download and upload speeds of up to 3 gigabits per                                          with a voice remote powered by Google Assistant and intuitive universal search
second (Gbps) with FTTP through our Gigabit Fibe 3.0 service, as well as                                         capabilities that will find content across Fibe TV and supported subscribed
download speeds of up                                                                                            streaming services. With added Cloud personal video recorder (PVR)
                                                                                                                 capabilities, viewers




(1) Based on analysis by Ookla of Speedtest Intelligence data Fixed and Wi-Fi nationally aggregated Speed Score results for Q3–Q4 2023. Ookla trademarks used under license and reprinted with permission.
(2) PCMag Best ISPs 2023: Canada, based on speed, price, coverage and customer satisfaction comparing major and overall Canadian ISPs from June 1, 2022 to June 27, 2023.
(3) BrandSpark is a research and consulting firm. Winners were determined by a national survey of 15,878 Canadian shoppers who gave their top-of-mind, unaided answers as to which brands they trust most and why in
    categories they have recently shopped.

8          BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

can record an unlimited number of shows simultaneously to watch at their          Innovation in communications technology
convenience. In January 2024, the next generation of Fibe TV was launched
in the Atlantic region, leveraging the same Google Android TV technology with     Technological advancement plays a significant role in the success of our
enhanced search capabilities and voice remote. This service offers customers      business. We invest in Canadian innovation and have spent $684 million in
a consistent viewing experience on all screens with the Fibe TV app including     R&D capital expenditures in 2023. Our investments in R&D enable us to
access to more than 500 live TV channels, on-demand content and over              continue providing our customers with innovative products and services and to
10,000 apps from the Google Play Store, including Crave, Netflix, Prime           adopt new technologies that better support our own operations and our
Video, Apple TV and YouTube.                                                      strategic imperatives to champion the customer experience and drive growth
                                                                                  with innovative services. Our deployment of new and innovative networks and
The Fibe TV app is available to customers in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic        services is a direct result of our investment in R&D.
provinces and Manitoba, and brings the rich Fibe TV viewing experience to
tablets, smartphones, laptops, Bell Streamer, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV,           Over the past decades, Bell has invested in developing data analytics
Google Chromecast and a variety of Android TV devices, with access to more        capabilities and AI applications in multiple areas of its operations. Providing
than 500 live and on-demand channels at home or on the go, which allows           advanced technological solutions allows us to differentiate our product and
customers to seamlessly transfer a channel being viewed from a mobile             service offerings and to seek to provide greater value to our customers. As part
device to a TV, or resume what is being watched on TV on a mobile device. In      of Bell’s objective to remain at the forefront of technology and innovation in
addition, Fibe customers can download their personal video recordings with        communications services, and encourage the development of, and expertise in,
the Fibe TV app to watch on iOS and Android mobile devices without Wi-Fi          new emerging technologies in Canada, we partner with a range of global and
network access, and customers can pause and rewind live TV on any device          domestic organizations.
with the Fibe TV app.                                                             In 2022, we announced a five-year strategic engagement with the Vector
In addition, we offer the Fibe TV app service in Ontario and Québec as a          Institute, an independent, not-for-profit corporation dedicated to research in the
standalone (SA) app-based live TV streaming service that offers live and          field of AI, and announced a three-year strategic partnership with Montréal
on-demand programming. With no traditional TV set-top box required, the           innovation centre Centech to provide tech entrepreneurs with access to the
Fibe TV app offers up to 500 live and on-demand channels on tablets,              latest in Bell 5G, IoT and MEC technologies.
smartphones, laptops, Bell Streamer, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Google             Bell also introduced Bell Ventures in 2022, its corporate venture capital initiative
Chromecast and a variety of Android TV devices. The SA Fibe TV app offers         to encourage development of early-stage and growth companies that harness
access to two TV streams at a time and customers can add individual               the power of Bell’s networks to drive growth and adoption of advanced
channels to build their own packages. Like Bell’s Fibe TV service, the SA Fibe    technological solutions. Building on Bell’s history of innovation and investments,
TV app operates as a licensed broadcast service on the privately managed          Bell Ventures is a natural extension of Bell’s purpose to advance how
Bell Fibe broadband network for in-home viewing, and on mobile or Wi-Fi           Canadians connect with each other and the world. Bell Ventures invests in
networks outside the home.                                                        early-stage and growth companies that provide advanced technology solutions
Virgin Plus TV is an app-based service that does not require a traditional TV     seeking to further differentiate Bell’s 5G and fibre networks and deliver
set-top box or installation and that lets members in Ontario and Québec watch     solutions for its customers, including in the areas of network, security, IoT,
live and on-demand TV shows and live sports on any screen they want as it         robotics, telematics, clean technology, data monetization and AI.
works on virtually all devices – iOS and Android smartphones and tablets,         We announced in 2022 and 2023 a number of significant milestones in our
laptops, Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV and Google Chromecast. The          strategic cloud and technology partnerships. In February 2022, Bell announced
Virgin Plus TV app lets members watch two streams at once, pause and              its deployment of Google Distributed Cloud Edge in its network, enabling more
rewind live TV, resume on-demand programs where they left off, and track all      efficiency, reliability and scale while also driving new business opportunities.
the top trending shows.                                                           This is the world’s first implementation of core network functions on Google
In addition, through Bell Streamer, an all-in-one 4K High Dynamic Range           Distributed Cloud Edge, a fully managed product that brings Google Cloud’s
streaming device powered by Android TV, we offer customers in Ontario and         infrastructure and services closer to where data is being generated and
Québec all-in-one access to the Fibe TV app, support for all major streaming      consumed. This advancement builds on Bell and Google Cloud’s strategic
services and access to thousands of apps on Google Play.                          partnership, announced in 2021, to combine Bell’s 5G network leadership with
                                                                                  Google Cloud’s expertise in multi-cloud, data analytics and AI, and to enable
Our strong position in broadband Internet and TV and our broad suite of           Bell to drive operational efficiencies and deliver richer customer experiences. In
product offerings serve as a foundation for the other products and services we    addition, Bell announced the launch of the first public MEC with AWS
offer. This provides us with a significant number of established customer         Wavelength in Canada. Building on Bell’s agreement with Amazon Web
connections to drive uptake of new products and services, either through          Services (AWS), announced in 2021, together the two companies are deploying
bundled offerings or on a SA basis, and allows us to improve customer             AWS Wavelength Zones throughout the country at the edge of Bell’s 5G
retention. In addition, our team continues to deliver network-centric business    network, starting in Toronto. Bell Public MEC with AWS Wavelength embeds
service solutions to large business and public sector clients, including cloud,   AWS compute and storage services
security and workflow automation solutions, which are key to business
communications today and increase the value of connectivity services.

                                                                                                                  BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM             9
3 Description of our business

at the edge of the Bell 5G network, closer to mobile and connected devices         Our significant media assets
where data is generated and consumed. This enables software developers
and businesses to take full advantage of the high speed and low latency of         Bell Media’s range of video and radio content enhances the execution of our
Bell’s 5G network and the cloud with AWS to build innovative, low-latency          strategic imperatives by leveraging our significant network investments,
solutions that leverage real-time visual data processing, AR/VR, AI and            delivering compelling content across all screens and platforms, and enabling us
machine learning, advanced robotics and much more.                                 to maximize strategic and operating synergies, including the efficiency of our
                                                                                   content and advertising spend.
On March 29, 2023, Bell announced a partnership with Palo Alto Networks to
better support Canadian businesses managing their cloud security with the          Bell Media’s assets in TV, radio, OOH and digital platforms are a key
launch of two new cloud-native application protection platform (CNAPP)             competitive advantage, as described below:
solutions, Cloud Security Posture Assessment and Cloud Security Posture            • We own and operate 35 conventional TV stations, including CTV, Canada’s #1
Protection. These cybersecurity solutions identify threats to enterprise data in     network for 22 consecutive years, #1 Canadian advertising-based
the cloud and provide managed services to protect data across complex                video-on-demand (AVOD) platform CTV.ca and leading digital news
hybrid, multicloud environments.                                                     destination CTVNews.ca, and the French-language Noovo network in Québec,
                                                                                     including its AVOD platform and digital news destination Noovo.info.
In addition, on June 1, 2023, Bell acquired FX Innovation, a Montréal-based
provider of cloud-focused managed and professional services and workflow           • We own and operate 26 specialty channels, including TSN, Canada’s sports
automation solutions for business clients. This acquisition combines FX              leader, and RDS, the top French-language sports network.
Innovation’s agility, start-up culture, and cloud services expertise with Bell’s
                                                                                   • We own and operate four pay TV services, as well as five streaming services,
next-generation fibre and 5G networks, resources, and scale to deliver
                                                                                     including Crave, the exclusive home of HBO and Max Originals in Canada,
leading-edge technology solutions for Canadian businesses. The acquisition
                                                                                     TSN and RDS.
aims to position Bell as a technology services leader for our enterprise
customers. On November 29, 2023, Bell and ServiceNow, a digital workflow           • We own Crave, a bilingual premium video streaming service that features a
company, announced a collaboration to launch Service Bridge capabilities on          broad catalogue of sought-after content including box-office hits, Emmy
the ServiceNow platform, leveraging FX Innovation’s deep industry expertise          Award-winning programming, and original Canadian productions, as well as
to elevate the end-to-end experience for Bell customers with customized              thousands of hours of exclusive French-language content. Crave is available
solutions and automation capabilities.                                               directly to all Canadians with access to the Internet, and through participating
                                                                                     service providers. STARZ remains available through participating service
On February 1, 2024, Bell announced a partnership with SentinelOne, Inc.             providers and directly to consumers as a separate add-on. In Q2 2023, Crave
(SentinelOne), a global leader in AI-powered security, to provide extensive          extended a long-term licensing agreement with Warner Bros. Discovery that
data protection services for Bell’s enterprise customers.                            sees the service continuing to be the home of HBO and Max Originals, as well
On February 2, 2024, Bell announced an 18-month collaborative project with           as new cable series, library television series, and new theatrically released
Mila, a research institute in AI, to apply deep learning neural network              Warner Bros. films. Crave is the most distributed Canadian-owned premium
algorithms to Bell’s systems and data. Mila researchers will work alongside          video streaming service.
Bell’s Machine Learning and AI teams to build on Bell’s previous investments       • We own 103 licensed radio stations in 58 markets across Canada, all
by using deep learning neural network techniques to identify opportunities to        available through iHeartRadio.ca and the iHeartRadio Canada app alongside
improve business performance and customer experience. By advancing its               an extensive catalogue of podcasts. In June 2023, we announced our intent to
understanding of deep learning AI techniques, Bell seeks to continue to              divest three of our 103 radio stations and in February 2024, we announced our
enhance its customer experience and accelerate its transition from a telco to        intent to divest an additional 45 radio stations, all subject to the Canadian
a techco.                                                                            Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) review and
                                                                                     other closing conditions.
In addition, on February 6, 2024, Bell announced a collaboration with
Microsoft to expand its hybrid work solutions to help Canadian enterprises         • We own Astral, a leader among Canada’s OOH advertising companies with
modernize their communications platforms with the launch of Bell Operator            strategically located advertising faces spanning across the country in 20 of
Connect, pairing Bell’s high-quality voice network and Microsoft Teams. Bell is      Canada’s largest cities. Astral offers six product lines: outdoor advertising,
also advancing its company-wide digital transformation and workforce                 lifestyle networks, street furniture, airport, large digital format and transit.
modernization in selecting Microsoft 365 as its cloud collaboration solution.
                                                                                   • We lead Canadian TV media competitors in the digital landscape in the
                                                                                     number of unique visitors, page views and total page minutes.
                                                                                   • Part of Noovo’s multi-platform news division, our noovo.info website offers
                                                                                     exclusive original features dedicated entirely to news.
                                                                                   • Through CTV’s all-in-one digital video platform and streaming from CTV.ca
                                                                                     and the CTV app on smartphones, Smart TVs and other connected devices,
                                                                                     audiences can get even more value from their TV subscriptions all in one
                                                                                     place, with livestreams and on-demand viewing of programming from CTV
                                                                                     Comedy Channel, CTV Drama Channel, CTV Sci-Fi Channel, CTV Life
                                                                                     Channel, CTV2, Discovery, E! and MTV, as well as Canada’s #1 lineup from
                                                                                     CTV. The platform provides access for subscribers of CTV-branded
                                                                                     entertainment channels to

10       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

 stream premium content from those channels all at no additional cost and           content delivered across TSN’s platforms, as well as live streaming-only
 with one simple login, as well as digital channels CTV Throwback and CTV           coverage from a multitude of marquee sports properties.
 Movies available with no subscription or sign-in required.
                                                                                   Our competitive strengths also include our broad reach across Canada, our
• We continue to provide live and on-demand access to content from our             ability to deliver top programming for conventional, specialty and pay TV and
  specialty networks, BNN Bloomberg, TSN, RDS and other brands in news,            streaming services, our constant drive to provide the most engaging and
  sports and entertainment. As discussed under Advancing 5G and IoT                interactive experience for viewers, and our ability to serve the needs of
  solutions above, TSN and RDS operate TSN 5G View/Vision 5G RDS, an               advertisers across multiple platforms.
  exclusive in-app feature that leverages Bell’s 5G network to offer fans
  interactive new ways to watch sports, and which was expanded in 2022 for         Refer to section 2.3, Deliver the most compelling content of the BCE 2023
  TSN’s regional coverage of Winnipeg Jets home games.                             MD&A, on page 36 of the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report, for a description
                                                                                   of certain agreements entered into and initiatives launched in 2023 by Bell
• Through TSN+, a new direct-to-consumer (DTC) streaming product available         Media.
  on TSN.ca and the TSN app, Canadians have access to marquee live
  games and events that are incremental to the sports




3.5         Marketing and distribution channels
Bell CTS                                                                           Acquiring and retaining wireless subscribers is a key marketing objective that
                                                                                   we seek to achieve through our networks and suite of leading-edge devices
The guiding principle driving our marketing strategy is to offer our clients the   and services to drive higher usage and increased adoption of data services. We
ultimate in reliable, simple and accessible communications services. In doing      offer unlimited plans featuring unlimited data access with no overage charges.
so, our objective is to increase customer acquisition, retention and loyalty       We also offer SmartPay device financing plans that let Bell Mobility customers
through multiple service offerings.                                                buy their new smartphones with 24 interest-free installments separate from
Through the bundling of services, which combines wireline local voice and          their service plan, and we similarly offer Sweet Pay device financing plans for
long distance, high-speed Internet, TV and smart home, as well as wireless         Virgin Plus customers. In addition, we offer Connect Everything plans that
services, our goal is to use a multi-product offering to achieve competitive       provide a way to link all of a customer’s Bell devices with a pool of data to
differentiation by offering a premium, integrated set of services that provides    share across smartphones, tablets, smartwatches and other devices, such as
customers with more freedom, flexibility and choice. We also make use of           wireless trackers, security cameras and vehicles with Bell Connected Car. In
limited-time promotional offers featuring discounted rate plans, special rates     January 2022, we introduced new mobile unlimited Ultimate plans to make the
on wireless handsets and TV receivers, as well as other incentives, to             most of 5G with more data at maximum speeds, international messaging,
stimulate new customer acquisition and retain existing customers or to             high-definition video quality and hotspot capability. We also continue to offer
respond to competitive actions in our markets.                                     discounts on the price of wireless handsets in exchange for a contractual
                                                                                   commitment from a subscriber, a practice also used by other Canadian wireless
We focus our marketing efforts on a coordinated program of TV, print, radio,       operators. As the Canadian wireless market further matures and competition
Internet, outdoor signage, direct mail and point-of-sale media promotions. We      intensifies, customer retention is increasingly important. Accordingly, we employ
engage in mass market advertising in order to maintain our brand and support       customer retention initiatives aimed at increasing our customers’ level of
direct and indirect distribution channels. Coordinated marketing efforts           satisfaction and loyalty.
throughout our service area ensure that our marketing message is presented
consistently across all our markets. Promoting the Bell brand is                   We also offer eligible customers the convenience of One Bill for Internet, TV,
complemented by our other brand marketing efforts, reinforcing awareness of        home phone, wireless and smart home services.
all our services and capitalizing on the size and breadth of our customer base     We deliver our products and services to residential wireless and wireline
across all product lines.                                                          customers through:
The Bell brands play a key role in product positioning. Our branding is            • approximately 1,000 Bell, Virgin Plus, Lucky Mobile and The Source retail
straightforward and directly supports our strategy of delivering a better            locations;
customer experience at every level. In July 2021, Virgin Mobile Canada
officially rebranded to Virgin Plus, a new name and a new identity that reflect    • national retailers such as Best Buy, Walmart, Loblaws and Glentel’s
the company’s evolving service offerings beyond mobility. In addition, on July       WIRELESSWAVE, Tbooth wireless and WIRELESS etc., as well as a network
25, 2023, Virgin Plus unveiled a fresh new look with more affordable service         of regional and independent retailers in all regions;
offerings, along with a new brand campaign and updated member benefits.            • call centre representatives;
The service offerings include the introduction of unlimited nationwide rate
plans and access to 5G at an affordable price with no zones for members            • our websites, including bell.ca, virginplus.ca, luckymobile.ca and thesource.ca;
across Canada. These new offerings join the lineup of Virgin Plus service          • door-to-door sales representatives.
offerings including high-speed Internet and app-based TV service for
members in Ontario and Québec.


                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM          11
3 Description of our business

On January 31, 2023, Bell and Staples Canada ULC (Staples) announced a           Bell Media’s conventional TV networks are delivered to Canadians through
multi-year exclusive agreement to sell Bell, Virgin Plus and Lucky Mobile        over-the-air broadcast transmission and through distribution by BDUs. Bell
wireless and wireline services through Staples stores across Canada for          Media’s specialty TV, pay TV channels and streaming services are delivered
consumers and small businesses. In addition, Bell and Staples partner to sell    through distribution arrangements with BDUs, and its radio programming is
Bell wireless and wireline services direct to medium-sized businesses through    distributed through over-the-air transmission. In addition to these primary
the Staples Professional sales team, backed by Bell’s advanced                   distribution channels, Bell Media also distributes its video and radio
communications expertise.                                                        programming through a variety of non-traditional means, such as mobile and
                                                                                 Internet streaming (iHeartRadio).
On May 3, 2023, Bell announced a multi-year strategic agreement with Air
Canada, which includes premier sponsorship of its free in-flight messaging for   Crave is available through participating TV providers across Canada, which
Aeroplan members and the distribution of complimentary subscriber identity       provide the added opportunity to access the Crave linear channels on
module (SIM) cards on board to enable newcomers and visitors arriving in         traditional set-top boxes, as well as via on-demand channels, through the
Canada to activate a wireless SIM while still in the air.                        Crave app and online at Crave.ca. Crave, TSN and RDS are also available
                                                                                 directly via the Internet through each brand’s official website and app. Crave
On January 18, 2024, Bell announced a strategic partnership with Best Buy        can be streamed on the web and through partner platforms such as iOS and
Canada to operate 165 The Source consumer electronics retail stores in           Android mobile devices, Apple TV, Android TV, Amazon Fire TV, Bell Streamer,
Canada, which will be rebranded as Best Buy Express and offer the latest in      Chromecast, Roku, Samsung, LG, Hisense, Sony PlayStation and Xbox One.
consumer electronics from Best Buy along with exclusive telecommunications       Finally, Bell Media’s OOH business delivers its services through an inventory of
services from Bell. Best Buy Express is expected to open locations across        OOH faces and street furniture equipment in key urban cities across the
Canada starting in the second half of 2024. On February 8, 2024, Bell            country. On July 25, 2023, Crave expanded its DTC subscription offering with
announced that it will wind down The Source head office and back office          new ad-supported plan options. The new plans give customers a range of
operations, as well as close 107 The Source stores.                              options to access Crave’s lineup of award-winning premium content.
For small and medium-sized business customers, our small and medium              On June 8, 2023, Bell Media unveiled new and expanded ad solutions
business team offers a wide range of wireline and wireless services, including   accessible through the Bell Marketing Platform, combining the innovation,
Business Fibe Internet, Bell Total Connect, Business Phone and TV, and IoT       content and technology of Bell and Bell Media to build an integrated and
solutions, along with many other communications solutions, all designed for      automated future for Canadian marketers, including:
companies. All solutions are sold through dedicated call centre
representatives and our bell.ca website, as well as our retail network and       • Bell Media’s new Addressable TV (ATV) and Addressable Audio offerings;
door-to-door sales representatives.                                              • new upgrades to its Strategic Audience Management (SAM) tool, including
Communications solutions for large enterprise customers, including our             faster optimization, better proposals, expanded user capabilities, and
wireless services, are delivered by our business markets team, and our             automation;
products and services are sold through dedicated sales representatives,          • expanded inventory on Bell demand-side platform (DSP), Bell Media’s
certified resellers and competitive bids. By combining products and services,      programmatic advertising marketplace.
including professional services, into fully managed, end-to-end information
and technology solutions, we have been successful in providing large             On September 12, 2023, Bell Media launched ATV, an innovation that delivers
enterprise customers with complex communications products and services.          tailored ads to TV audiences, across its platinum linear and video on demand
We continue to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace by enhancing our       (VOD) content on CTV, CTV2 and Noovo, as well as a selection of English and
customer service levels and offering solutions designed to provide superior      French specialty channels. ATV reaches viewers through the Bell Fibe TV app
service, performance, availability and security. We deliver expertise in key     across Connected TV, mobile and web platforms, and launched on next-
solution areas, including Internet, private networks, voice and unified          generation set top boxes on January 17, 2024. ATV provides a personalized ad
communications, cloud solutions, security solutions, cloud-based contact         experience to specific households or devices, based on demographic and
centre, IoT and MEC.                                                             behavioural data across VOD, livestreams and linear content, and makes Bell
                                                                                 Media the first Canadian broadcaster to offer the technology on linear channels
Our wholesale business communications products and services are delivered        through a Canadian broadcast distributor. Bell Media’s ATV solution leverages
by our wholesale team. They are sold through our dedicated sales                 Bell’s premium first party data, for precise targeting to an advertiser’s core
representatives, web portals and call centres.                                   audience.

Bell Media                                                                       On October 12, 2023, Bell Media launched Addressable Audio, an innovative
                                                                                 new format that dynamically inserts digital audio ads into live linear
Bell Media’s TV, OOH and digital advertising customer base is comprised of       programming, and on-demand content on iHeartRadio.ca and the iHeartRadio
large advertising agencies, which place advertisements with Bell Media on        Canada app. Addressable Audio, available through Bell DSP and directly
behalf of their customers, and advertisers who buy directly. Bell Media also     through a Bell Media sales representative, allows brands to target listeners
has contracts with a variety of broadcasting distribution undertakings (BDUs),   through AM/FM streaming, on-demand tracks, and podcasts. Advanced by
under which monthly subscription fees for specialty TV and pay TV are            Bell’s premium first party data, Addressable Audio gives brands the opportunity
earned. Bell Media’s radio broadcast customer base is comprised of both          to customize the listener experience and yield higher conversion rates.
advertising agencies and businesses in local markets.

12       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business



3.6         Networks
The telecommunications industry is evolving rapidly as it continues to move       LTE-A network
from multiple service-specific networks to Internet protocol (IP)-based
integrated communications networks that can carry voice, data and video           With Dual-band LTE-A technology, Bell generally delivers theoretical peak
traffic. We continue to work with key vendor partners to expand our national      download speeds of up to 260 Mbps (expected average download speeds of
multi-service IP-enabled networks.                                                18 to 74 Mbps). By assigning three radio channels or carriers to one user, we
                                                                                  generally deliver, with Tri-band LTE-A technology, theoretical mobile data peak
Our communications networks provide wireless and wireline voice, data and         download speeds of up to 335 Mbps (expected average download speeds of 25
video services to customers across Canada. Our infrastructure includes:           to 100 Mbps). With the addition of multiple-input and multiple-output (MIMO)
                                                                                  technologies and quadrature amplitude modulation (QAM), we can deliver in
• national transport networks for voice, data and video traffic, including
                                                                                  certain areas theoretical peak download speeds of up to 800 Mbps with Dual-
  Internet traffic;
                                                                                  band LTE-A technology and 1.2 Gbps with Tri-band LTE-A technology.
• urban and rural access networks and infrastructure for delivering services to
  customers;                                                                      Bell’s LTE network is also capable of delivering Quad-band LTE-A service.
                                                                                  Quad-band technology leverages four bands of wireless spectrum to boost
• national wireless networks that provide voice, data and video services.         LTE-A speeds to the gigabit level. In addition to employing a combination of
                                                                                  carrier aggregation, Bell also uses 256 QAM and 4X4 MIMO technologies to
Wireless                                                                          increase spectrum efficiency and multiply capacity. Bell’s enhanced Gigabit
To provide wireless connectivity, we have deployed and operate a number of        LTE-A network is available in select cities across Canada. Quad-band LTE-A
nationwide wireless broadband networks compatible with global standards           now offers theoretical mobile data peak download speeds of up to 1.5 Gbps in
that deliver high-quality and reliable voice and high-speed data services. With   markets across Canada (expected average download speeds of 25 to
our high-speed data network, we are able to offer Canadian consumers a            325 Mbps).
broad range of choice in wireless smartphones, as well as touch screen            At December 31, 2023, we provided LTE-A network service to 95% of the
tablets, IoT devices and other devices designed for data services such as         population in Canada, and provided Quad-band LTE-A service to over 60% of
video and audio streaming, IoT communications, e-mail, messaging, Internet        Canadians.
access and social networking. We also support international roaming in over
230 destinations, with LTE roaming in 211 destinations and 5G roaming in          LTE-M network
87 destinations.                                                                  Our LTE-M network is a subset of our LTE network supporting low-power IoT
HSPA+ network                                                                     applications with enhanced coverage, longer device battery life and enabling
                                                                                  lower costs for IoT devices connecting to Bell’s national network. An expanded
Our wireless HSPA+ network offered high-speed mobile access to 99% of             reciprocal roaming partnership with AT&T Inc. (AT&T) provides Bell Canadian
Canada’s population at December 31, 2023, covering thousands of cities and        business customers with access to AT&T’s LTE-M network across the U.S. and
towns in both urban and rural locations. The HSPA+ network supports global        also enables AT&T’s customers to roam on Bell’s national LTE-M network in
roaming, as well as a wide range of smartphones, data cards, universal serial     Canada. Our LTE-M network is available in most Canadian provinces.
bus (USB) sticks, tablets and other leading-edge mobile devices. The vast
majority of the site connectivity for the HSPA+ network was built with high-      5G network
speed fibre and an all-IP architecture for enhanced reliability.
                                                                                  Our 5G wireless network enables us to offer enhanced mobile data speeds and
4G LTE network                                                                    the latest 5G-capable smartphones. The high capacity and near instant
                                                                                  connections offered by mobile 5G will support new consumer and business
With Bell’s 4G LTE wireless network coverage, customers have data access          applications in coming years, including AR/VR, AI and machine learning,
speeds similar to those of broadband connections and significantly faster than    immersive entertainment services, connected vehicles, smart cities and
our HSPA+ network, making it easier for users to download applications,           enhanced rural access, and IoT opportunities for business and government
stream high-definition videos and music, play online games, or                    enterprises. In 2021, Bell acquired significant additional mid-band, flexible-use
videoconference and chat with virtually no delays or buffering. The HSPA+         3500 MHz wireless spectrum in the auction conducted by ISED and on May 19,
and LTE networks work together such that most Bell LTE devices support            2023, Bell obtained the right to use, through subordination, certain of Xplore
both networks.                                                                    Inc.’s 3500 MHz spectrum licences in Québec after approval from ISED. On
Our LTE wireless network reached more than 99% of Canada’s population at          November 30, 2023, Bell announced having secured the right to acquire 939
December 31, 2023 with theoretical peak download speeds of up to                  wireless spectrum licences in the recently completed 3800 MHz spectrum
150 Mbps, with expected average download speeds of 18 to 40 Mbps. LTE             auction. Essential to Canada’s ongoing transition to 5G communications, these
currently accounts for 81% of our total wireless data traffic.                    high-capacity airwaves support Bell’s delivery of enhanced 5G digital
                                                                                  experiences to Canadian consumers and businesses in urban, rural and remote
                                                                                  communities.

                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM          13
3 Description of our business

In 2023, Bell continued to expand its 5G network to new markets across             Key traffic routes span more than 25,000 kilometres across Canada and into
Québec, Ontario, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba. Bell’s 5G network            the United States.
covered 86% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2023, a significant
increase from the 26% of Canada’s population covered at the end of 2020,           On November 16, 2021, Bell and Nokia announced the first successful test of
attributable in part to our capital expenditure acceleration program, which        25G PON fibre broadband technology in North America, which validates that
provided for additional network funding in 2021 and 2022.                          current GPON and XGS-PON broadband technology and future 25G PON can
                                                                                   work seamlessly together on the same fibre hardware, which is being deployed
In July 2022, Bell began deploying 3500 MHz wireless spectrum, unleashing          throughout the network. 25G PON delivers significant symmetrical bandwidth
the next phase of 5G advancement and allowing Bell to launch its 5G+               capacity that will support new use cases such as premium service and 5G
network. Bell 5G+ is expected to be faster and more responsive, allowing for       transport.
a superior mobile experience. Initially launched in southern Ontario, the 5G+
network was expanded to Manitoba and many centres cross Atlantic Canada,           High-speed fibre deployment
as well as in other communities, and reached 51% of Canada’s population at         Our strategic imperative to build the best networks is focused on the expansion
December 31, 2023, with the availability of peak theoretical download speeds       of our fibre network to more homes and business locations. Over the past few
of 3 Gbps in select markets.                                                       years, Bell has pivoted to exclusively deploying FTTP connections by
                                                                                   overlaying legacy copper infrastructure with fibre directly to homes and
In 2022, Bell also announced plans to roll out a 5G SA core network, starting
                                                                                   businesses. In addition, Bell continues to deploy FTTP to all new urban and
in Toronto. The addition of 3500 MHz wireless spectrum allows Bell to deliver
                                                                                   suburban housing developments in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
a new 5G core network to Canadian businesses, supported by world-class SA
                                                                                   Manitoba, in addition to Bell’s ongoing deployment of FTTP to multi-dwelling
architecture, and which is expected, over time, to unlock even faster speeds
                                                                                   units and business locations. In our view, FTTP, in which optical fibre cables are
and ultra-low latency. Over time, a 5G SA core network will provide additional
                                                                                   used to connect each and every location, is the best available network
benefits such as network slicing and is expected to enable a full range of 5G
                                                                                   architecture to support future bandwidth-demanding IP services and
features and functionality for both enterprise and consumer use cases, and
                                                                                   applications. Our residential fibre-optic Internet service, marketed as Fibe
support the growth of IoT.
                                                                                   Internet and Virgin Plus Internet, is enabled by our fibre network, offering
                                                                                   symmetrical download and upload speeds of up to 3 Gbps with FTTP through
Wireline                                                                           our Gigabit Fibe 3.0 service, as well as download speeds of up to 100 Mbps
                                                                                   with FTTN. On February 8, 2024, we announced that we would cap fibre
Voice and data network                                                             speeds at 3 Gbps as a result of federal government policies and the CRTC’s
Our national voice and data network consists of an optical fibre network with      decision of November 6, 2023 that imposed an interim aggregated access to
the latest technologies to provide redundancy and fault protection. It reaches     FTTP facilities obligation and discourages network investment. As a result, we
all major Canadian metropolitan centres, as well as New York, Chicago,             removed our Gigabit Fibe 8.0 service, initially introduced in September 2022,
Boston, Buffalo, Detroit, Minneapolis, Ashburn (Virginia) and Seattle in the       from the market.
U.S.
                                                                                   Introduced in April 2022, the Bell Gigabit Fibe 3.0 service was initially offered in
Our network in major Canadian cities provides state-of-the-art high-speed          eligible areas of Toronto and has since been rolled out in several communities
access at multi-gigabit speeds based on IP technology. We operate a national       across Ontario, Québec, Manitoba and the Atlantic provinces.
IP multi-protocol label switching network with international gateways to the
rest of the world. This network delivers next-generation, business-grade IP        Bell Gigabit Fibe service includes the new Giga Hub with Wi-Fi 6E, the next
virtual private network (IP VPN) services that connect our customers’ offices      evolution of Wi-Fi, enabling faster speeds and lower latency when used with a
throughout Canada and around the world. The IP VPN service is the                  compatible device, and allowing customers to work, learn, video chat, stream
foundation platform required for the delivery of business service solutions that   and game online on any or all of their household devices simultaneously.
add value and efficiencies to customers’ businesses. These technology              In addition to the significant deployments of FTTP direct fibre connections
solutions include voice over IP/IP telephony, IP videoconferencing, IP call        announced in prior years, which continued throughout the Greater Toronto
centre applications and other future IP-based applications. In addition, we        Area/905 region surrounding Toronto, on the island of Montréal, in Hamilton and
maintain extensive copper and voice-switching networks that provide                Winnipeg, we announced in August 2022 an investment of over $650 million in
traditional local and interexchange voice and data services to all business and    partnership with a Government of Ontario investment of $484 million to deploy
residential customers in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and               Bell’s all-fibre network to over 80,000 homes and businesses in underserved
Manitoba.                                                                          regions across Ontario by 2025, as part of the Ontario Accelerated High Speed
In April 2021, Bell announced commercial 400 gigabit wavelength service            Internet Program (AHSIP).
deployed across major spans of Bell’s fibre infrastructure to deliver              Also, in addition to several direct fibre deployment projects announced in a
significantly increased connectivity speed and capacity while optimizing           number of smaller communities over the past few years, on March 22, 2021,
network performance and energy efficiency. On November 14, 2023, Bell              Bell announced that it would roll out high-speed Internet service to several
announced, in partnership with FirstLight Fiber, new wavelength data routes        underserved areas of Québec in partnership with the governments of Canada
with speeds of 400 gigabits that will enable triversity, otherwise known as        and Québec as part of their Operation High Speed initiative to connect all
triple redundancy, between Secaucus, New Jersey, Toronto and Montréal,             Québecers by September 2022. The Bell project provides 100% fibre Internet
expected to be available in the first half of 2024. 400 gigabit technology         connections to approximately 31,000 homes and businesses in nearly 100
increases fibre capacity using less network hardware and more automation to        Québec communities. In 2021, Bell subsidiary Northwestel Inc. (Northwestel)
deliver four times the data speed and 50% more capacity per wavelength than        also began offering all-fibre service to customers in Dawson City, Watson Lake
compared to 100 gigabit core infrastructure or previous technology.

14       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

and Upper Liard in Yukon as part of its Every Community Project, a three-year                                        In addition to our Fibe Internet service, we offer Internet under the Virgin Plus
initiative to provide high-speed Internet to 10,000 homes and businesses                                             brand for customers in Ontario and Québec. This high-speed Internet service
across Yukon and the Northwest Territories. In 2023, Northwestel completed                                           offers existing Virgin Plus customers download speeds of up to 300 Mbps and
the final year of construction in its Every Community Project, launching                                             upload speeds of up to 100 Mbps.
fibre-to-the-home service in 24 locations in Yukon and 18 in the Northwest
Territories. This project brought high speed Internet to over 10,000 homes,                                          Additionally, we continue to deploy our IPTV services in areas in Ontario,
and as a result, over 90% of terrestrially served households have access to                                          Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba where cable providers had long
Internet speeds of up to 500 Mbps, exceeding the national broadband                                                  been dominant. As of December 31, 2023, our IPTV services had the capacity
objective. Among the communities launched in 2023 was the ultra-remote,                                              to service approximately 9.5 million homes in major cities and municipalities
100-person Indigenous community of Tuktoyaktuk, which became the                                                     across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba.
northern-most community with FTTH in Canada.                                                                         WTTP
In 2023, Bell announced the expansion of pure fibre Internet service to                                              WTTP is 5G-capable fixed wireless technology delivered over Bell’s wireless
additional homes and businesses, including in the Ontario communities of                                             network using 3500 MHz spectrum to deliver high-speed Internet service to
Leamington, Lincoln, Essex Centre and Harrow, and in six more communities                                            residents in smaller and underserved communities. WTTP enables Bell’s
across rural Manitoba. In addition, as part of the Grand Council Treaty #3                                           Wireless Home Internet broadband service and complements its FTTP network.
Dibaajimowin Project, Bell will provide broadband fibre-optic Internet access
to 23 Indigenous and 13 non-Indigenous communities in Northwestern                                                   In 2021, Bell completed the buildout of its Wireless Home Internet service in
Ontario.                                                                                                             small towns and rural communities across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic
                                                                                                                     provinces and Manitoba, reaching its target of 1 million locations one year
Further to the CRTC decision of November 6, 2023 that imposed an interim                                             ahead of schedule. The accelerated rollout of its Wireless Home Internet
aggregated access to FTTP facilities obligation, we intend to reduce capital                                         service formed part of Bell’s capital expenditure acceleration program which
expenditures by over $1 billion over 2024 and 2025 combined, including a                                             provided for additional network funding in 2021 and 2022.
minimum of $500 million in 2024, that we had planned to invest in bringing
high-speed fibre Internet to hundreds of thousands of additional homes and                                           Bell delivers Wireless Home Internet service with download speeds of up to
businesses in rural, suburban and urban communities. This reduction is in                                            50 Mbps and upload speeds of 10 Mbps (50/10) to a majority of customers.
addition to Bell investing $105 million less than planned in Q4 2023 as a                                            Innovation in WTTP complements Bell’s extensive broadband fibre buildout in
result of the CRTC’s decision. Prior to the decision, our near-term plan was to                                      urban markets, and our deployment of WTTP in rural locations underscores our
build high-speed fibre to 9 million locations by the end of 2025. As a direct                                        focus on the full utilization of Bell’s assigned wireless spectrum resources.
result of federal government policies and the CRTC’s decision that                                                   DSL
discourages network investment, we are slowing the pace of our fibre footprint
expansion to a near-term target of 8.3 million locations by the end of 2025                                          We also offer DSL-based Internet service in areas where Fibe Internet and
and capping fibre speeds at 3 Gbps.                                                                                  Wireless Home Internet are not available, with download speeds of up to
                                                                                                                     5 Mbps.
At December 31, 2023, our FTTP footprint covered more than 7 million homes
and businesses in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba.                                              Satellite TV service
                                                                                                                     We provide satellite TV service nationwide under the Bell TV brand using
                                                                                                                     satellites operated by Telesat Canada.




3.7             Employees
The table below shows the number of BCE employees at December 31, 2023                                               Approximately 42% of BCE employees were represented by unions and were
and 2022.                                                                                                            covered by collective agreements at December 31, 2023.
Number of employees at December 31                                                  2023                  2022       The following collective agreement covering 250 or more employees was
Bell CTS                                                                         39,914                38,965        ratified in 2023:
Bell Media                                                                         5,218                 5,645       • the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Canada (Bell MTS) covering
Total (1)                                                                        45,132                44,610
                                                                                                                       approximately 450 employees expired on December 19, 2022. A new
                                                                                                                       collective agreement was ratified on June 30, 2023.
(1) The total number of BCE employees at the end of 2023 was up 522 from 44,610 at December 31, 2022
    due to the acquisition of FX Innovation in June 2023, and other small acquisitions made during the year,
    along with greater hiring at our customer service centres, partly offset by natural attrition, retirements and
    workforce reduction.


                                                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM          15
3 Description of our business

The following collective agreement covering 250 or more employees will                                         approximately 415 employees expired on January 31, 2024. Negotiations
expire in 2024:                                                                                                began in Q1 2024 and are ongoing.
• the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Canada (Craft and                                         In light of an operating environment that is being reshaped by increasingly
  Services) covering approximately 2,865 employees will expire on November                                   unsupportive federal government policies and regulatory decisions, an
  30, 2024. Negotiations are anticipated to begin in Q4 2024.                                                economy with high interest rates and continued inflation, increasing
                                                                                                             competition, and evolving consumer preferences, Bell is taking action to lower
The following describes the status of collective agreements covering 250 or
                                                                                                             its cost structure and align costs to the revenue potential of each business
more employees that have already expired:
                                                                                                             segment. This includes Bell’s largest workforce restructuring initiative in nearly
• the collective agreement between Unifor and Expertech (Craft and Services)                                 30 years, that will result in the reduction of our workforce by approximately
  covering approximately 680 employees expired on November 30, 2023.                                         4,800 positions, or 9% of all BCE employees in 2024. These workforce
  Negotiations began in Q3 2023 and are ongoing.                                                             reductions are expected to yield in-year cost savings of $150 million to
                                                                                                             $200 million for 2024, or $250 million on an annualized basis. Severance
• the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Media (CTV Agincourt)
                                                                                                             payments related to the restructuring initiative could amount to up to
  covering approximately 430 employees expired on December 31, 2023.
                                                                                                             approximately $400 million.
  Negotiations began in Q4 2023 and are ongoing.
• the collective agreement between International Brotherhood of Electrical
  Workers (IBEW) and Bell Canada (Bell MTS) covering




3.8            Corporate responsibility
General                                                                                                      non-financial performance in an integrated annual report, with the BCE 2023
                                                                                                             Integrated Annual Report being available at BCE.ca. For greater certainty, the
ESG practices form an integral part of BCE’s corporate responsibility                                        BCE 2023 Integrated Annual Report is not part of this Annual Information Form
approach, which is to manage the company in ways that nurture the social                                     and is not incorporated by reference herein.
and economic prosperity of our communities while safeguarding the
environment.                                                                                                 Additional information regarding our corporate governance and risk
                                                                                                             management practices, as well as our corporate responsibility strategy and
BCE has adopted a range of ESG policies that are supported by various                                        related activities and outcomes, can be found in section 1.5, Corporate
programs and initiatives. These policies address issues of importance to our                                 governance and risk management and section 1.6, Capitals and our corporate
many stakeholders, including: preventing conflicts of interest; protecting                                   responsibility of the BCE 2023 MD&A, on pages 23 to 34 of the BCE 2023
company assets; safeguarding privacy and confidentiality; treating clients,                                  Annual Financial Report.
business partners, team members and competitors with respect and honesty;
fostering a diverse and safe workplace; protecting the environment; and                                      Environment
responsible use of AI.                                                                                       Environmental protection and efficient energy performance are core to our
These BCE policies include, among others, the following:                                                     corporate responsibility approach. Our Environmental Policy, which is reviewed
                                                                                                             annually, contains principles that support our goals, ranging from exercising due
• Code of Business Conduct                                                                                   diligence to meet or exceed requirements of the environmental legislation that
• Data Governance Policy                                                                                     applies to us, to preventing pollution and promoting cost-effective resource and
                                                                                                             waste minimization initiatives. We have instructed subsidiaries subject to this
• Information Security Policy                                                                                policy to support these principles, and have established an executive-level
• Privacy Policy                                                                                             committee to oversee the implementation of the policy.
• Environmental Policy                                                                                       We monitor our operations to seek to ensure that we comply with our
                                                                                                             Environmental Policy, environmental requirements and standards, and take
• Supplier Code of Conduct                                                                                   action seeking to prevent and correct problems when needed. We have an
• Procurement Policy                                                                                         environmental management system in place that:
• Political Contributions Policy                                                                             • enables systematic environmental risks and opportunities management,
                                                                                                               including cost savings;
• Journalistic Independence Policy
                                                                                                             • establishes a course of corporate environmental action;
• Mandatory Reporting of Internet Child Pornography
                                                                                                             • seeks to provide early warning of potential problems;
• Health & Safety Policy
                                                                                                             • identifies environmental management accountability from top management to
• Employee Privacy Policy                                                                                      employees;
• Mental Health Policy Statement                                                                             • seeks to ensure ongoing improvement through regular monitoring and
• Workplace Violence and Harassment Prevention Policy                                                          reporting.
• Community Investment Policy                                                                                Since 2009, Bell Canada maintains an environmental management system
• Human Rights and Accommodation Policy                                                                      certified to the ISO 14001 standard, making us the first North American
                                                                                                             communications company to be so designated (1). This
• Responsible Artificial Intelligence Policy
We report annually on our corporate responsibility performance and our ESG
practices. Since 2022, we no longer publish a Corporate Responsibility
Report. Instead, we are presenting both our financial and


(1) Bell’s review in 2020 of publicly available information for North American communications and telecommunications companies indicated Bell was the first of its North American communications and telecommunications
    competitors to receive ISO 14001 certification.

16        BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

certification covers Bell Canada’s administrative oversight of the                                           For the year ended December 31, 2023, we spent $13.9 million as expenses
environmental management system associated with the development of                                           and $140.2 million as capital expenditures for environmental activities. For
policies and procedures for the delivery of services by Bell Canada for                                      2024, we have budgeted $14.1 million of expenses and $94.6 million of capital
business sectors including landline, wireless, TV, Internet services,                                        expenditures to seek to ensure that our Environmental Policy is applied
connectivity, broadband services, data hosting and cloud computing. In                                       properly, that our environmental risks are minimized and that we progress
addition, in 2020, our energy management system was certified to be ISO                                      towards our GHG emissions reduction targets.
50001-compliant, making us the first North American communications
company to be so designated (1). This certification covers the corporate and                                 Additional information regarding our environmental protection activities can be
operational level management activities related to Bell Canada’s energy                                      found in section 1.6, Capitals and our corporate responsibility of the BCE 2023
management program at its national business locations associated with the                                    MD&A, on pages 26 to 34 of the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report.
activities of real estate management services, fleet services, radio                                         BCE welcomes the increased demand for transparency from our stakeholders
broadcasting and digital media services, landline, wireless, TV, Internet                                    regarding our climate actions. We also believe it is important to detail how
services, connectivity, broadband services, data hosting and cloud computing,                                climate-related risks and opportunities impact our business. We report on
in addition to related general administrative functions.                                                     climate-related information in accordance with the recommendations of the
One of our key tools is our Corporate Environmental Action Plan, which                                       Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in our Climate
outlines the environmental activities of our various business units. The plan                                Action Report, available at BCE.ca. For greater certainty, our Climate Action
identifies funding requirements, accountabilities and deliverables, and                                      Report is not part of this Annual Information Form and is not incorporated by
monitors our progress in meeting our objectives.                                                             reference herein.




3.9            Competitive environment
A discussion of our competitive environment can be found in section 3.3,                                     See also section 3.4, Competitive strengths in this Annual Information Form for
Principal business risks and the various subsections entitled Competitive                                    more information concerning our competitive position.
landscape and industry trends and Principal business risks of the BCE 2023
MD&A, on pages 42 and 43, 58 to 60, 62, 64 and 65, and 67 of the BCE 2023
Annual Financial Report.




3.10 Regulatory environment
A discussion of certain legislation that governs our businesses, as well as                                  More information about the Canadian ownership restrictions on BCE’s common
government consultations and recent regulatory initiatives and proceedings                                   shares can be found in section 5.1, BCE securities in this Annual Information
affecting us, can be found in section 8, Regulatory environment of the BCE                                   Form.
2023 MD&A, on pages 83 to 87 of the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report.




3.11 Intangible properties
Intellectual property                                                                                        In particular, the Bell brand plays a key role in product positioning. Our branding
                                                                                                             is straightforward and directly supports our strategy of delivering a better
We use various works protected by intellectual property rights (IP Assets),                                  customer experience at every level. Our trademark rights are perpetual,
which we own or for which we have been granted rights of use. These IP                                       provided that their registrations are renewed on a timely basis when applicable
Assets include, without limitation: brand names; trademarks such as names,                                   and that the trademarks are used in commerce by us or our licensees. Other
designs and logos; copyrights of content, programs and musical works;                                        types of intangible proprietary information are also important to our operations,
broadcast signals, software and applications; domain names; patents or                                       such as customer lists.
patent applications for inventions owned or produced by us and our
employees; and various other copyright materials, trademarks, patents and                                    We believe that we take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect,
other intellectual property owned or licensed by us. We derive value through                                 renew and defend our IP Assets, including prosecuting infringers, and we take
the use of these IP Assets in various business activities, and they are                                      great care not to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. However,
important to our operations and our success. To protect these IP Assets, we                                  we cannot provide any assurance that the laws protecting intellectual property
rely on a combination of legal protections afforded under copyright,                                         in various jurisdictions are, or will continue to be, adequate to protect our IP
trademark, patent and other intellectual property laws, as well as contractual                               Assets or that we will be successful in preventing or defending claims by others
provisions under licensing arrangements.                                                                     asserting rights in or to our IP Assets, or enforcing their intellectual property
                                                                                                             rights.




(1) Bell’s review in 2020 of publicly available information for North American communications and telecommunications companies indicated Bell was the first of its North American communications and telecommunications
    competitors to receive ISO 50001 certification.

                                                                                                                                                      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                         17
3 Description of our business


Spectrum and broadcasting licences
Our intangible assets also include spectrum licences from ISED, which
provide us with the right to utilize designated wireless spectrum to provide our
wireless services, and broadcasting licences from the CRTC, which enable us
to deliver Bell Media’s content to Canadians.
Our wireless spectrum licence holdings extend across various spectrum
bands and regions across Canada, totalling more than 6.4 billion MHz-Pop,
corresponding to an average of approximately 182 MHz of spectrum per
Canadian. In previous years, we have deployed 600 MHz, 700 MHz, 2300
MHz, 2500 MHz, 1900 MHz, AWS and 850 MHz as part of our wireless
networks, and in 2022 we began deploying our 3500 MHz spectrum acquired
in the 2021 auction. We intend to renew existing licences to meet network
capacity requirements.
Rights to use, through subordination, certain of Xplore Inc.’s 3500 MHz
spectrum licences in Québec were acquired by Bell on May 19, 2023, after
approval from ISED. Also, on November 30, 2023, Bell announced having
secured the right to acquire 939 wireless spectrum licences in the recently
completed 3800 MHz spectrum auction.
Broadcasting licences issued by the CRTC are important to the success of
our Bell Media segment, as they allow us to deliver radio and TV services in
the communities in which we operate. We seek to maintain and renew, as
applicable, all such broadcasting licences required for our operations. Many of
our licences are set for a five-year term and reviewed by the CRTC under a
group licence approach. While we expect to continually renew our licences,
the terms under which they are provided may change from one licence term
to another.

18       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
4 General development of our business – three-year history


4             General development of our business –
              three-year history
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to the expected timing and completion of the proposed acquisition of the Canadian OOH media
business of OUTFRONT and the benefits expected to result therefrom, and our objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to section 1, Caution regarding
forward-looking statements in this Annual Information Form.
In line with our strategic imperatives, since 2021, we have entered into or announced transactions and implemented various business strategies and
corporate initiatives that have influenced the general development of our business. During this period, our regulatory environment has also influenced
the general development of our business. The principal transactions, regulatory developments, business strategies and corporate initiatives that have
influenced the general development of our business during the last three completed financial years are discussed below.



4.1           Transactions
Proposed acquisition of Canadian OOH media business of OUTFRONT
On October 23, 2023, Bell Media announced that it had entered into an agreement to acquire the Canadian OOH media business of OUTFRONT. The transaction
is valued at $410 million, subject to certain adjustments, and is expected to close in the first half of 2024, subject to regulatory approval and other closing
conditions. The acquisition of the Canadian OOH media business of OUTFRONT is expected to support Bell Media’s digital media strategy and to deliver
impactful, multi-channel marketing solutions coast-to-coast. The results of the Canadian OOH media business of OUTFRONT will be included in our Bell Media
segment.

Key completed transactions
We have concluded a number of transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, partnerships and investments, since 2021 to support our strategic imperatives
and our purpose to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world. More information with respect to the most significant of these transactions is
provided in the table below.
Transaction                            Key characteristics

Strategic partnership with Best Buy    • On January 18, 2024, Bell announced a strategic partnership with Best Buy Canada to operate 165 The Source consumer electronics retail stores in
Canada (2024)                            Canada, which will be rebranded as Best Buy Express and offer the latest in consumer electronics from Best Buy along with exclusive
                                         telecommunications services from Bell. Best Buy Express is expected to open locations across Canada starting in the second half of 2024.

Acquisition of FX Innovation (2023)    • On June 1, 2023, Bell acquired FX Innovation, a Montréal-based provider of cloud-focused managed and professional services and workflow automation
                                         solutions for business clients, for cash consideration of $157 million, of which $12 million is payable within two years and an estimated $6 million of
                                         additional cash consideration contingent on the achievement of certain performance objectives. This contingent consideration is expected to be settled
                                         by 2027 and the maximum amount payable is $7 million. The results of FX Innovation are included in our Bell CTS segment.

Disposition of production studios      • On May 3, 2023, Bell Media completed the previously announced sale of its 63% ownership in certain production studios, which were included in our Bell
(2023)                                   Media segment, for net cash proceeds of $211 million.

Acquisition of Distributel             • On December 1, 2022, Bell acquired Distributel, a national independent communications provider offering a wide range of consumer, business and
Communications Limited                   wholesale communications services for cash consideration of $303 million ($282 million net of cash acquired) and $39 million of estimated additional
(Distributel) (2022)                     cash consideration contingent on the achievement of certain performance objectives. The acquisition of Distributel is expected to support growth in Bell’s
                                         residential and business customers. Distributel’s results are included in our Bell CTS segment.

Acquisition of EBOX (2022)             • In February 2022, Bell acquired EBOX and other related companies, which provide Internet, telephone and TV services to consumers and businesses in
                                         Québec and parts of Ontario, for cash consideration of $153 million ($139 million net of cash acquired). Bell maintains the EBOX brand and operations,
                                         and EBOX continues providing telecommunications options for consumers and businesses in these areas.
                                       • The acquisition is expected to accelerate growth in Bell’s residential and small business customers. The results of the acquired business are included in
                                         our Bell CTS segment.

                                                                                                                                       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                    19
4 General development of our business – three-year history


Acquisition of wireless spectrum                                                    2020 NCIB. On November 4, 2021, BCE announced the renewal of its normal
                                                                                    course issuer bid (2021 NCIB), which extended from November 9, 2021 to
In 2021, Bell acquired significant additional mid-band, flexible-use 3500 MHz       November 8, 2022. BCE did not repurchase any first preferred shares under
wireless spectrum in the auction by ISED. Essential to Canada’s ongoing             the 2021 NCIB. On November 3, 2022, BCE announced the renewal of its
transition to 5G communications, these high-capacity airwaves extend Bell’s         normal course issuer bid (2022 NCIB), which extended from November 9, 2022
leadership in delivering enhanced 5G digital experiences to Canadian                to November 8, 2023, and BCE repurchased and cancelled an aggregate of
consumers and businesses in urban, rural and remote communities. Bell               7,411,036 first preferred shares under the 2022 NCIB.
acquired 271 licences for 678 million MHz-Pop of 3500 MHz spectrum –
critical to enabling the full potential of 5G – for $2.07 billion.                  On November 2, 2023, BCE announced the renewal of its normal course issuer
                                                                                    bid (2023 NCIB), which will extend from November 9, 2023 to November 8,
On May 19, 2023, after approval from ISED, Bell obtained the right to use,          2024, or an earlier date should BCE complete its purchases under the 2023
through subordination, certain of Xplore Inc.’s 3500 MHz spectrum licences in       NCIB. BCE initiated the 2023 NCIB because it believed that, from time to time,
Québec for $145 million.                                                            the first preferred shares may trade in price ranges that do not fully reflect their
On November 30, 2023, Bell announced having secured the right to acquire            value. BCE believes that, in such circumstances, the repurchase of its first
939 licences of 3800 MHz spectrum for 1.77 billion MHz-Pop for $518 million         preferred shares represents an appropriate use of its available funds.
in the recently completed spectrum auction. This acquisition will increase          The actual number of first preferred shares to be repurchased under the 2023
Bell’s total 3500 MHz and 3800 MHz spectrum holdings to 3.5 billion                 NCIB and the timing of such repurchases will be at BCE’s discretion and shall
MHz-Pop, acquired at an average cost of $0.79 per MHz-Pop.                          be subject to the limitations set out by the TSX. The 2023 NCIB may be
                                                                                    conducted through the facilities of the TSX as well as alternative trading
Normal course issuer bid for BCE Preferred Shares                                   systems in Canada, if eligible, or by such other means as may be permitted by
On November 5, 2020, BCE announced a normal course issuer bid (2020                 securities regulatory authorities. At December 31, 2023, BCE had repurchased
NCIB) to purchase for cancellation up to 10% of the public float of each series     and canceled 1,297,797 first preferred shares under the 2023 NCIB.
of BCE’s outstanding first preferred shares that are listed on the Toronto Stock
Exchange (TSX). The 2020 NCIB extended from November 9, 2020 to
November 8, 2021, and BCE repurchased and cancelled an aggregate of
41,400 first preferred shares under the




4.2         Corporate developments
Refer to the sections of the BCE 2021 MD&A and BCE 2022 MD&A,                       MD&A                   Section references
contained in the BCE 2021 Annual Report and BCE 2022 Annual Financial
Report, respectively, indicated in the adjacent table for a discussion of various   BCE 2021 MD&A          Section 1.3,   Key corporate developments
business strategies and corporate initiatives implemented, and other actions                               Section 1.4,   Capital markets strategy
taken, in the financial years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31,                                     Section 2,     Strategic imperatives – 2021 progress for each
2022 that have influenced the general development of our business in 2021                                                 strategic imperative
and 2022. Refer to the sections of the BCE 2023 MD&A, contained in the
BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report, indicated in the adjacent table for a             BCE 2022 MD&A          Section 1.3,   Key corporate developments
discussion of various business strategies and corporate initiatives                                        Section 1.4,   Capital markets strategy
implemented, and other actions taken, in the financial year ended                                          Section 2,     Strategic imperatives – 2022 progress for each
December 31, 2023 that have influenced the general development of our                                                     strategic imperative
business in 2023, and the priorities we intend to focus on in 2024.
                                                                                    BCE 2023 MD&A          Section 1.3,   Key corporate developments
                                                                                                           Section 1.4,   Capital markets strategy
                                                                                                           Section 2,     Strategic imperatives – 2023 progress for each
                                                                                                                          strategic imperative
                                                                                                           Section 2,     Strategic imperatives – 2024 focus for each strategic
                                                                                                                          imperative




4.3         Regulatory environment
During the past three financial years, the general development of our               licensing, foreign ownership requirements, privacy and cybersecurity
business has been affected, and will continue to be affected, by decisions          obligations and control of copyright piracy. Refer to section 8, Regulatory
made by the Government of Canada and its relevant departments and                   environment of the BCE 2021 MD&A, BCE 2022 MD&A and BCE 2023 MD&A
agencies, including the CRTC, ISED, Canadian Heritage and the Competition           contained in the BCE 2021 Annual Report, BCE 2022 Annual Financial Report
Bureau. Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated,               and BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report, respectively, for a discussion of the
government agencies and departments such as those mentioned above                   regulatory initiatives and proceedings that influenced, in the financial years
continue to play a significant role in regulatory matters such as establishing      ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, and may in the future influence, the
and modifying regulations for mandatory access to networks, spectrum                general development of our business.
auctions, the imposition of consumer-related codes of conduct, approval of
acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum

20      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
5 Our capital structure


5            Our capital structure
This section describes BCE’s and Bell Canada’s securities, the trading of certain of such securities on the TSX and the ratings that certain rating
agencies have attributed to BCE’s first preferred shares and Bell Canada’s debt securities that are issued and outstanding.



5.1         BCE securities
BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended, provide for an unlimited number         The powers under the Telecom Regulations include the right to:
of common shares, an unlimited number of first preferred shares issuable in         • suspend the voting rights attached to shares considered to be owned or
series, an unlimited number of second preferred shares also issuable in               controlled by non-Canadians;
series and an unlimited number of Class B shares. As at March 7, 2024, BCE
had no Class B shares or second preferred shares outstanding.                       • refuse to register a transfer of voting shares to a non-Canadian; and
Each common share entitles its holder to one vote at any meeting of                 • force a non-Canadian to sell the non-Canadian’s voting shares.
shareholders. Additional information about the terms and conditions of the          However, in our case, there is an additional control restriction under the Bell
BCE preferred shares, common shares and Class B shares can be found in              Canada Act. Prior approval by the CRTC is necessary for any sale or other
Note 30, Share capital of the BCE 2023 consolidated financial statements, on        disposal of Bell Canada’s voting shares unless BCE retains at least 80% of all
pages 154 and 155 of the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report.                          Bell Canada voting shares.
Since 1993, the Telecommunications Act and associated regulations (Telecom          Similarly, the Canadian ownership rules under the Broadcasting Act for
Regulations) have governed Canadian ownership and control of Canadian               broadcasting licensees, such as Bell Media and Bell Canada, generally mirror
telecommunications carriers. Bell Canada and other affiliates of BCE that are       the rules for Canadian-owned and -controlled common carriers under the
Canadian carriers are subject to this Act. In 2012, amendments to the               Telecommunications Act by restricting allowable foreign investments in voting
Telecommunications Act largely eliminated the foreign ownership restrictions        shares at the licensee operating company level to a maximum of 20% and at
for any carrier that, with its affiliates, has annual revenues from the provision   the holding company level to a maximum of 33 1⁄3%. An additional requirement
of telecommunications services in Canada that represent less than 10% of the        under these Canadian broadcasting ownership rules is that the chief executive
total annual revenues from the provision of these services in Canada, as            officer of a company that is a licensed broadcasting undertaking must be a
determined by the CRTC. However, given that Bell Canada and its affiliates          Canadian citizen or permanent resident of Canada. The CRTC is precluded
exceed this 10% threshold, they remain subject to the pre-existing Canadian         under a direction issued under the Broadcasting Act from issuing, amending or
ownership and control restrictions, which are detailed below.                       renewing a broadcasting licence of an applicant that does not satisfy these
Under the Telecommunications Act, in order for a corporation that exceeds the       Canadian ownership and control criteria.
10% threshold mentioned above to operate as a Canadian common carrier,              Cultural concerns over increased foreign control of broadcasting activities also
the following conditions have to be met:                                            require broadcasting licensees to establish programming committees when
• Canadians own at least 80% of its voting shares;                                  foreign investment in their holding company, while within permissible limits,
                                                                                    exceeds 20%. In line with CRTC practice, programming committees have been
• at least 80% of the members of the carrier company’s board of directors are       established within the relevant subsidiary licensees, thereby allowing foreign
  Canadian; and                                                                     investment in voting shares of BCE to reach the maximum of 33 1⁄3%.
• the carrier company is not controlled by non-Canadians.
                                                                                    We monitor the level of non-Canadian ownership of BCE’s common shares by
In addition, where a parent company (Carrier holding company) owns at least         obtaining data on: (i) registered shareholders from our transfer agent and
66 2⁄3% of the voting shares of the carrier company (subject to ownership           registrar, TSX Trust Company, and (ii) beneficial shareholders from the
rules), the Carrier holding company must have at least 66 2⁄3% of its voting        Canadian Depository for Securities (CDS) and the Depository Trust Company
shares owned by Canadians and must not be controlled by non-Canadians.              (DTC) in the U.S. We also provide periodic reports to the CRTC.
BCE is a Carrier holding company. The Telecom Regulations give certain
                                                                                    As of March 7, 2024, BCE had no debt securities outstanding.
powers to the CRTC and to Canadian carriers and Carrier holding companies
to monitor and control the level of non-Canadian ownership of voting shares
to ensure compliance with the Telecommunications Act. Accordingly, BCE,
which controls Bell Canada and other Canadian carriers, must satisfy the
following conditions:
• Canadians own at least 66 2⁄3% of its voting shares; and
• it is not controlled by non-Canadians.

                                                                                                                   BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM         21
5 Our capital structure



5.2            Bell Canada debt securities
Bell Canada long-term debt securities
As at December 31, 2023, Bell Canada had issued or assumed long-term debt securities as summarized in the table below.
                                                                                                                                                                          Weighted                                            At
                                                                                                                                                                           average                           December 31, 2023
Debt securities                                                                                                                                                        interest rate             Maturity        (in $ millions)

1997 trust indenture                                                                                                                                                        4.02%           2024 – 2053                  19,768
1976 trust indenture                                                                                                                                                        9.38%           2027 – 2054                      975
1996 trust indenture (subordinated)                                                                                                                                         8.21%           2026 – 2031                      275
2016 U.S. trust indenture (1)                                                                                                                                               3.58%           2024 – 2052                   7,529
2011 trust indenture (2)                                                                                                                                                    4.00%                  2024                     225

Total                                                                                                                                                                                                                    28,772

(1) As at December 31, 2023, Bell Canada had issued notes under the 2016 U.S. trust indenture for an aggregate amount of $5.7 billion in U.S. dollars, which have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with cross currency
    interest rate swaps.
(2) As part of the acquisition of Manitoba Telecom Services Inc. (MTS), on March 17, 2017, Bell Canada assumed all of MTS’ debt issued under its 2011 trust indenture.


The Bell Canada long-term debt securities are unsecured and have been                                              per $100 principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest from and including
guaranteed by BCE. Additional information about the terms and conditions of                                        November 10, 2023 to but excluding November 14, 2023, to mature on
the Bell Canada long-term debt securities can be found in Note 25, Long-term                                       November 10, 2032. The $700 million 5.25% MTN debentures, Series M-62,
debt of the BCE 2023 consolidated financial statements on pages 144 and                                            were issued at a price of $99.897 per $100 principal amount, to mature on
145 of the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report.                                                                       March 15, 2029. The net proceeds of the offering were used to fund the
                                                                                                                   repayment at maturity of Bell Canada’s $1.0 billion principal amount of 2.70%
Under its shelf prospectus dated March 7, 2022 (2022 Shelf Prospectus), Bell                                       MTN Debentures, Series M-44, due February 2024.
Canada may issue unsecured debt securities from time to time over a
25-month period. In addition, under its prospectus supplement dated May 19,                                        On February 15, 2024, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus
2022 (2022 Prospectus Supplement), Bell Canada may issue unsecured                                                 and a prospectus supplement dated February 12, 2024, US$1.45 billion
Medium Term Notes (MTN) debentures under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus.                                                (C$1.95 billion) aggregate principal amount of notes in two series. The
                                                                                                                   US$700 million (C$942 million) 5.200% Series US-9 Notes were issued at a
On February 9, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus                                           price of US$99.823 per US$100 principal amount, to mature on February 15,
and 2022 Prospectus Supplement, $1.5 billion principal amount of MTN                                               2034. The US$750 million (C$1,009 million) 5.550% Series US-10 Notes were
debentures in two series. The $1.05 billion 4.55% MTN debentures, Series                                           issued at a price of US$99.869 per US$100 principal amount, to mature on
M-58, were issued at a price of $99.787 per $100 principal amount, to mature                                       February 15, 2054. The net proceeds of the offering are intended to be used for
on February 9, 2030. The $450 million 5.15% MTN debentures, Series M-59,                                           the repayment at maturity of Bell Canada’s US$600 million Series US-3 Notes
were issued at a price of $99.500 per $100 principal amount, to mature on                                          due March 17, 2024, to fund the remaining payment for the 3800 MHz
February 9, 2053. The net proceeds of the offerings were used to repay short-                                      spectrum licences and for other general corporate purposes, which may include
term debt and for general corporate purposes.                                                                      the repayment of short-term debt.
On May 11, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus and                                           As at March 7, 2024, Bell Canada had issued $7.589 billion principal amount of
a prospectus supplement dated May 8, 2023, US$850 million (C$1,138                                                 debt securities under its 2022 Shelf Prospectus.
million) principal amount of 5.100% Series US-8 Notes, at a price of
US$99.930 per US$100 principal amount, to mature on May 11, 2033. The                                              Bell Canada is required, under certain conditions, to make an offer to
net proceeds of the offering were used to repay short-term debt and for                                            repurchase all or, at the option of the holder thereof, any part of certain series
general corporate purposes.                                                                                        of its debt securities upon the occurrence of both a “Change of Control” of BCE
                                                                                                                   or Bell Canada and a “Rating Event” relating to the relevant series of debt
On August 11, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf Prospectus                                            securities, as defined in the terms and conditions of the relevant series of debt
and 2022 Prospectus Supplement, $1.0 billion principal amount of MTN                                               securities or in the relevant trust indenture, as applicable (the Repurchase upon
debentures in two series. The $600 million 5.15% MTN debentures, Series                                            Change of Control Triggering Event). In addition, MTS’ 2011 trust indenture
M-60, were issued at a price of $99.917 per $100 principal amount, to mature                                       assumed by Bell Canada imposes covenants that place limitations on the
on November 14, 2028. The $400 million 5.60% MTN debentures, Series                                                issuance of additional debt with a maturity date exceeding one year based on
M-61, were issued at a price of $99.726 per $100 principal amount, to mature                                       certain tests related to interest and asset coverage. Bell Canada is in
on August 11, 2053. The net proceeds of the offerings were used to repay                                           compliance with all conditions and restrictions of its debt securities.
short-term debt and for general corporate purposes.
On November 14, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under the 2022 Shelf                                                     Bell Canada commercial paper
Prospectus and 2022 Prospectus Supplement, $1.0 billion principal amount of                                        Bell Canada may issue short-term notes (CP Notes) under its Canadian and
MTN debentures in two series. The $300 million 5.85% MTN debentures,                                               U.S. commercial paper programs up to the maximum aggregate principal
Series M-57, which were issued pursuant to a re-opening of an existing series                                      amount of $3.0 billion in either Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no
of MTN debentures, were issued at a price of $101.232                                                              time shall such aggregate principal amount of CP Notes exceed $3.5 billion in
                                                                                                                   Canadian currency, which equals the

22         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
5 Our capital structure

aggregate amount available under Bell Canada’s committed supporting                 dollar for purposes of this limitation. At March 7, 2024, Bell Canada had CP
revolving and expansion credit facilities as of March 7, 2024. The sale of CP       Notes outstanding under its U.S. program in the principal amount of
Notes pursuant to Bell Canada’s separate Canadian or U.S. program                   US$1,084 million (C$1,444 million when taking into account hedges with
decreases the Canadian or U.S. $3.0 billion maximum principal amount of CP          forward currency contracts against foreign currency fluctuations). As at the
Notes authorized to be outstanding at any time under both programs, with one        same date, no CP Notes were outstanding under Bell Canada’s Canadian
Canadian dollar being treated as equal to one U.S.                                  program.




5.3           Credit ratings
Ratings generally address the ability of a company to repay principal and pay       As of March 7, 2024, BCE’s preferred shares are rated by DBRS Limited
interest or dividends on issued and outstanding securities.                         (DBRS) and S&P Global Ratings Canada, a business unit of S&P Global
                                                                                    Canada Corp. (S&P), and Bell Canada’s debt securities are rated by DBRS,
Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity   Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (Moody’s) and S&P.
and debt capital markets, the money market, as well as the bank credit
market. Our ability to access such markets and the cost and amount of               This section describes the credit ratings, as of March 7, 2024, for certain of the
funding available partly depend on our assigned credit ratings at the time          issued and outstanding securities of BCE and Bell Canada. These ratings
capital is raised. Investment grade credit ratings usually mean that when we        provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of an issue
borrow money, we can obtain lower interest rates than companies that have           of securities. However, they are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of
ratings lower than investment grade. Credit ratings are subject to change           the securities referred to below, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any
based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, our financial           time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the rating
strength, competitive position, liquidity and other factors that are not            agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do
completely within our control. There is no assurance that we will maintain our      not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor. Each credit
current credit ratings and a ratings downgrade could result in adverse              rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.
consequences for our funding cost and capacity, and our ability to access the
capital markets, the money market and/or bank credit market.                        In the past two years, we have paid rating agencies to assign ratings to BCE’s
                                                                                    preferred shares, as well as to Bell Canada’s short-term and long-term debt
                                                                                    securities. The fees paid to DBRS, Moody’s and S&P include access to some
                                                                                    or all of their websites. In addition, we paid DBRS for services provided in
                                                                                    connection with Bell Canada’s securitization program.


Ratings for BCE and Bell Canada securities
Ratings for Bell Canada short-term debt securities
Short-term debt securities                                                                        Rating agency   Rating                      Rank

Bell Canada commercial paper                                                                            DBRS R-2 (high)                       4 out of 10
                                                                                                      Moody’s P-2                             2 out of 4
                                                                                                          S&P A-1 (Low) (Canadian scale)      3 out of 8
                                                                                                                  A-2 (Global scale)          3 out of 7


Ratings for Bell Canada long-term debt securities
Long-term debt securities                                                                         Rating agency   Rating                      Rank

Bell Canada unsubordinated long-term debt securities                                                    DBRS BBB (high)                       8 out of 26
                                                                                                      Moody’s Baa1                            8 out of 21
                                                                                                          S&P BBB+                            8 out of 22
Bell Canada subordinated long-term debt securities                                                      DBRS BBB (low)                        10 out of 26
                                                                                                      Moody’s Baa2                            9 out of 21
                                                                                                          S&P BBB                             9 out of 22


Ratings for BCE preferred shares
Preferred shares                                                                                  Rating agency   Rating                      Rank

BCE preferred shares                                                                                    DBRS Pfd-3                            8 out of 16
                                                                                                          S&P P-2 (Low) (Canadian scale)      6 out of 18
                                                                                                                  BBB- (Global scale)         8 out of 20


As of March 7, 2024, BCE and Bell Canada’s credit ratings have stable outlooks from DBRS, Moody’s and S&P.
                                                                                                                      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM        23
5 Our capital structure


General explanation                                                                          Moody’s long-term debt ratings are assigned to issuers or obligations with an
                                                                                             original maturity of eleven months or more and reflect both on the likelihood of
Short-term debt securities                                                                   a default or impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected
The table below shows the range of credit ratings that each rating agency                    financial loss suffered in the event of default or impairment.
assigns to short-term debt instruments, and is based upon public statements                  S&P’s long-term debt credit rating scale provides a forward-looking opinion of
from the respective rating agencies as of March 7, 2024.                                     the creditworthiness of a company in meeting a specific financial obligation, a
                                                    Highest quality        Lowest quality    specific class of financial obligations or a specific financial program. It takes into
                                                 of securities rated   of securities rated   consideration the likelihood of payment; that is, the capacity and willingness of
DBRS                                                     R-1 (high)                     D
                                                                                             the company to meet its financial commitment on an obligation according to the
                                                                                             terms of the obligation, among other factors.
Moody’s                                                         P-1                   NP
S&P (Canadian scale)                                    A-1 (High)                      D    Preferred shares
S&P (Global scale)                                           A-1+                       D    The table below describes the range of credit ratings that each rating agency
                                                                                             assigns to preferred shares and is based upon public statements from the
                                                                                             respective rating agencies as of March 7, 2024.
The DBRS short-term debt rating scale provides an opinion on the risk that a
borrower will not meet its short-term financial obligations in a timely manner.                                                                 Highest quality        Lowest quality
                                                                                                                                             of securities rated   of securities rated
Ratings are based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to
the issuer and the relative ranking of claims.                                               DBRS                                                 Pfd-1 (high)                      D
Moody’s short-term ratings are assigned to obligations with an original                      S&P (Canadian scale)                                   P-1 (High)                      D
maturity of 13 months or less and reflect both on the likelihood of a default or             S&P (Global scale)                                             AA                      D
impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected financial loss
suffered in the event of default or impairment.
                                                                                             The DBRS preferred share rating scale reflects an opinion of the risk that an
An S&P Canadian commercial paper rating is a forward-looking opinion about                   issuer will not fulfill its obligations with respect to both dividends and principal
the capacity of an obligor to meet financial commitments associated with a                   commitments. Every DBRS rating is based on quantitative and qualitative
specific commercial paper program or other short-term financial instrument,                  considerations relevant to the issuing entity.
relative to the debt servicing and repayment capacity of other obligors active
in the Canadian domestic financial markets with respect to their own financial               S&P’s Canadian preferred share rating is a forward-looking opinion about the
obligations.                                                                                 creditworthiness of an obligor in meeting a specific preferred share obligation
                                                                                             issued in the Canadian market, compared to preferred shares issued by other
An S&P Global rating is a forward-looking opinion about the credit-worthiness                issuers in the Canadian market.
of an obligor with respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of
financial obligations or a specific financial program, and about the obligor’s               An S&P Global rating is a forward-looking opinion about the credit-worthiness of
capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments.                                  an obligor with respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of
                                                                                             financial obligations or a specific financial program, and about the obligor’s
Long-term debt securities                                                                    capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments.
The table below shows the range of credit ratings that each rating agency
assigns to long-term debt instruments, and is based upon public statements
from the respective rating agencies as of March 7, 2024.
                                                    Highest quality        Lowest quality
                                                 of securities rated   of securities rated

DBRS                                                          AAA                       D
Moody’s                                                        Aaa                      C
S&P                                                           AAA                       D


The DBRS long-term debt rating scale provides an opinion on the risk of
default; that is, the risk that an issuer will fail to satisfy its financial obligations
in accordance with the terms under which an obligation has been issued.
Ratings are based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to
the issuer and the relative ranking of claims.

24        BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
5 Our capital structure

Explanation of rating categories received for our securities
The following explanations of the rating categories received for our securities have been published by the applicable rating agencies. The explanations and
corresponding rating categories provided below are subject to change by the applicable rating agencies.
Rating       Description            Rating                       Explanation of
agency       of securities          category                     rating category received

DBRS         Short-term debt        R-2 (high)                   upper end of adequate credit quality

                                                                 capacity for the payment of short-term financial obligations as they fall due is acceptable

                                                                 may be vulnerable to future events

             Long-term debt         BBB (high)                   adequate credit quality

                                                                 capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered acceptable

                                                                 may be vulnerable to future events

             Long-term              BBB (low)                    adequate credit quality
             subordinated debt
                                                                 capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered acceptable

                                                                 may be vulnerable to future events

             Preferred shares       Pfd-3                        adequate credit quality

                                                                 protection of dividends and principal is still considered acceptable, but the company is more susceptible to
                                                                 adverse changes in financial and economic conditions, and there may be other adverse conditions present which
                                                                 detract from debt protection. Generally, companies with Pfd-3 ratings correspond with companies with a BBB
                                                                 category or higher reference point

Moody’s      Short-term debt        P-2                          a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations

             Long-term debt         Baa                          subject to moderate credit risk

                                                                 considered medium-grade and may have certain speculative characteristics

S&P          Short-term debt        A-1 (Low) (Canadian scale)   satisfactory capacity of the company to fulfill its financial commitment on the obligation
                                    A-2 (Global scale)
                                                                 somewhat more susceptible to adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than
                                                                 obligations rated higher

             Long-term debt         BBB                          adequate protection parameters

                                                                 adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s ability to meet its
                                                                 financial commitments

             Preferred shares       P-2 (Low) (Canadian scale)   adequate protection parameters
                                    BBB- (Global scale)
                                                                 adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s ability to meet its
                                                                 financial commitments


                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                 25
5 Our capital structure



5.4           Trading of our securities
The common and first preferred shares of BCE are listed on the TSX under the respective symbols set out in the tables below. BCE’s common shares are also
listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol BCE.
The tables below and on the next page show the range in share price per month and volume traded on the TSX in 2023 for BCE’s common shares and each series
of BCE’s first preferred shares.
                                                                                                    First preferred shares
                              Common        Series R      Series S      Series T      Series Y      Series Z       Series AA     Series AB     Series AC     Series AD     Series AE
                          shares (BCE)   (BCE.PR.R)    (BCE.PR.S)    (BCE.PR.T)    (BCE.PR.Y)    (BCE.PR.Z)      (BCE.PR.A)    (BCE.PR.B)    (BCE.PR.C)    (BCE.PR.D)    (BCE.PR.E)

January 2023
High                           $63.35        $16.10       $18.78        $18.85        $18.91        $20.21           $18.78       $18.96        $19.00        $18.89        $18.99
Low                            $59.33        $14.63       $18.19        $17.16        $18.15        $18.40           $17.08       $18.15        $18.12        $18.12        $18.02
Volume                    41,421,895       209,262         11,025       86,769       215,954       101,800          150,474      195,612       173,880       251,779       126,126

February 2023
High                           $63.37        $16.00       $18.99        $18.75        $19.05        $19.70           $18.49       $19.07        $18.96        $19.19        $19.11
Low                            $60.01        $14.71       $18.40        $18.17        $18.51        $19.25           $17.75       $18.51        $18.12        $18.52        $18.43
Volume                    51,165,209       169,435          9,620       55,797        59,460        62,100           90,827      118,393       350,130       211,996       113,184

March 2023
High                           $61.23        $15.99       $18.70        $18.62        $19.40        $19.64           $18.37       $18.82        $18.44        $18.98        $18.76
Low                           $58.41         $14.50       $17.82        $17.57        $17.94        $18.00           $17.10       $17.84        $17.55        $17.83        $17.88
Volume                    69,790,651         72,672       51,432        72,735        79,933        72,238          112,115      212,166        83,852       334,591       204,449

April 2023
High                           $65.41        $15.83       $18.41        $18.81        $18.45        $19.92           $18.78       $18.47        $19.19        $18.51        $18.50
Low                            $60.23        $15.00       $17.86        $17.84        $17.82        $18.85           $17.55       $17.72        $18.07        $17.78        $17.84
Volume                    36,131,303         54,354       57,800        96,372        81,241        56,770          210,148      157,133       137,724       254,324        84,752

May 2023
High                           $65.66        $15.50       $18.19        $18.84        $18.15        $19.10           $18.25       $18.14        $18.96        $18.16        $18.16
Low                            $61.08        $14.16       $17.70        $17.31        $17.40        $17.60           $17.09       $17.52        $17.40        $17.42        $17.38
Volume                    36,137,538         42,374       50,880        56,593        97,846        34,633           84,130      136,564        49,835       238,358        83,920

June 2023
High                           $61.99        $15.27       $18.20        $18.20        $18.09        $18.39           $17.87       $18.43        $18.04        $18.17        $18.10
Low                            $58.49        $14.29       $17.70        $17.46        $17.43        $17.80           $17.10       $17.53        $17.46        $17.54        $17.40
Volume                    47,361,189       183,727        30,436       106,585       134,334        85,045          214,678       98,784        69,306       318,563       120,310

July 2023
High                           $60.60        $15.46       $18.20        $17.96        $18.50        $18.39           $17.78       $18.42        $17.93        $18.30        $18.23
Low                            $56.86        $14.50       $17.94        $17.40        $17.94        $17.80           $16.70       $18.00        $17.37        $17.97        $17.88
Volume                    35,580,374         42,203        11,665      125,368       127,134        30,009          210,919      117,841        75,099       259,216       115,385

August 2023
High                          $58.10        $15.05        $18.10        $18.05        $18.30        $18.16           $17.08       $18.19        $17.57        $18.07        $18.05
Low                           $54.62        $14.38        $17.93        $16.97        $17.77        $16.78           $15.42       $17.73        $16.20        $17.75        $17.65
Volume                    48,097,886       177,422        41,881       127,724       122,750        39,506          262,204      188,297        95,177       245,425       198,922

September 2023
High                           $56.90        $14.55       $17.89        $17.18        $17.80        $17.34           $15.93       $17.90        $16.45        $18.09        $17.76
Low                           $51.01         $14.00       $17.30        $16.08        $17.25        $16.02           $15.03       $17.32        $15.35        $17.30        $17.17
Volume                    51,385,041         80,451       34,512        78,227        86,894        21,695          198,617      114,626        84,368       161,829       101,043

October 2023
High                           $52.81        $14.10       $17.56        $16.16        $17.50        $16.49           $15.28       $17.78        $15.65        $17.82        $17.40
Low                            $49.57        $12.91       $16.70        $14.00        $16.60        $14.57           $13.66       $16.77        $14.02        $16.73        $16.18
Volume                    42,352,718       179,600        30,914       150,411       124,562        21,660          316,732      117,802       294,284       324,675       138,836

November 2023
High                           $54.72        $15.60       $18.10        $17.90        $18.45        $17.20           $16.20       $18.50        $16.95        $18.26        $18.24
Low                            $51.54        $13.32       $17.05        $14.59        $16.65        $14.85           $14.30       $16.93        $14.25        $16.87        $16.65
Volume                    35,691,340         43,844       36,786        87,226       224,025        53,723          306,273      117,137        81,269       174,837       133,264

December 2023
High                           $56.04        $15.60       $18.18        $17.27        $18.19        $17.47           $16.35       $18.43        $17.00        $18.28        $18.18
Low                            $50.88        $14.73       $17.20        $15.84        $17.15        $16.15           $15.34       $17.36        $15.77        $17.30        $17.24
Volume                     56,852,911        83,408       25,543       154,816       116,903        98,241          344,474      205,704       118,240       143,662        90,333

26       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
5 Our capital structure

                                                                                      First preferred shares
                            Series AF      Series AG     Series AH     Series AI     Series AJ        Series AK     Series AL     Series AM     Series AN     Series AQ
                          (BCE.PR.F)    (BCE.PR.G)     (BCE.PR.H)    (BCE.PR.I)    (BCE.PR.J)       (BCE.PR.K)    (BCE.PR.L)    (BCE.PR.M)    (BCE.PR.N)    (BCE.PR.Q)

January 2023
High                         $17.10          $16.34       $18.85        $16.53        $18.84            $15.26       $16.70        $15.81        $18.29        $21.41
Low                          $16.00          $15.40       $18.05        $15.21        $18.05            $13.89       $16.29        $14.41        $17.49        $19.01
Volume                       57,816          48,360      108,033      238,723        209,326           613,497       11,820       138,665        17,300       148,332

February 2023
High                         $17.24          $16.39       $19.22        $16.25        $19.16            $15.51       $17.40        $15.95        $18.30        $21.68
Low                          $16.46          $15.73       $18.49        $15.78        $18.54            $14.57       $16.05        $15.21        $17.05        $20.70
Volume                       77,070          20,451       64,098        24,748       134,884           160,596       18,464       143,996          6,588      115,386

March 2023
High                         $17.00          $15.95       $18.74        $16.00        $18.83            $14.82       $16.74        $15.39        $17.85        $20.94
Low                          $15.51          $14.61       $17.86        $14.60        $17.92            $13.78       $16.10        $14.28        $16.45        $19.40
Volume                       98,965        257,287        72,061        38,387       193,655           322,029        7,890       109,775          6,292      138,027

April 2023
High                         $16.85          $15.65       $18.47        $15.77        $18.65            $14.65       $16.45        $15.37        $17.60        $21.20
Low                          $16.03          $14.93       $17.85        $14.88        $17.95            $13.85       $16.07        $14.40        $16.45        $19.54
Volume                       71,348          85,609      104,385        51,249       116,557           411,241        4,600        94,386        13,957       365,395

May 2023
High                         $16.55          $15.55       $18.20        $15.39        $18.35            $14.29       $16.43        $14.68        $17.49        $21.00
Low                          $15.49          $14.42       $17.43        $14.25        $17.47            $13.35       $15.26        $13.65        $16.60        $19.12
Volume                       40,466          35,496       57,713        38,791        42,014           226,856       10,690        40,762          8,729      107,030

June 2023
High                         $16.31          $15.09       $18.18        $15.09        $18.32            $14.41       $16.25        $14.62        $17.20        $20.97
Low                          $15.70          $14.56       $17.57        $14.45        $17.75            $13.68       $15.21        $13.90        $16.51        $19.39
Volume                       92,222          52,319       83,115        26,821        34,573           209,186       12,917        54,874          3,100       86,133

July 2023
High                         $16.25          $15.07       $18.29        $15.08        $18.29            $14.78       $16.55        $15.23        $17.50        $21.60
Low                          $15.02          $14.59       $17.97        $14.54        $18.02            $14.25       $15.84        $14.30        $17.00        $20.64
Volume                      173,317          43,149       95,188        66,620        41,299           304,670       37,461       269,923         8,700        76,957

August 2023
High                         $16.25          $15.10       $18.19        $15.26        $18.08            $14.58       $16.92        $15.15        $17.65        $22.00
Low                          $15.59          $14.50       $17.76        $14.31        $17.79            $13.65       $15.60        $14.15        $16.75        $20.95
Volume                      186,712          61,722       50,612      134,516         19,777           499,399       19,550       237,414        45,490       496,868

September 2023
High                         $16.11          $14.74       $17.75        $14.50        $17.88            $13.90       $15.89        $14.25        $17.00        $21.45
Low                          $14.88          $13.51       $17.20        $13.87        $17.33            $13.21       $15.41        $13.85        $16.40        $19.80
Volume                       65,975          64,799       42,726        74,019        16,229           333,476        5,076       121,776        10,600       171,081

October 2023
High                         $15.20          $13.85       $17.40        $13.80        $17.50            $13.85       $16.00        $14.26        $16.50        $19.97
Low                          $14.06          $12.72       $16.53        $12.85        $16.70            $13.32       $15.05        $13.65        $16.08        $19.01
Volume                      176,476        402,489        74,730      283,296         52,970           460,386       19,268       164,464        21,800       177,051

November 2023
High                         $16.57         $15.59        $18.05       $15.63         $18.20            $15.02       $16.67        $15.25        $16.70        $22.18
Low                          $14.70         $13.25        $16.70       $13.32         $16.57            $13.55       $14.99        $13.99        $15.99        $19.80
Volume                       92,459        294,705        92,273      363,707        124,416           296,108       19,545       200,952        40,069        61,460

December 2023
High                         $16.25          $15.20       $18.54        $15.16        $18.22            $14.68       $16.10        $14.87        $16.85        $22.52
Low                          $15.50          $14.31       $16.91        $14.29        $17.27            $13.66       $15.20        $14.02        $16.10        $21.03
Volume                       76,916        156,413       244,735      233,565         13,884           470,289       26,714       163,585        26,018       134,917

                                                                                                                       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM          27
6 Dividends and dividend payout policy


6              Dividends and dividend payout policy
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to BCE’s                                      than pre-2020 annual levels. In addition, free cash flow in 2024 will be
dividend growth objective, 2024 annualized common share dividend and                                               adversely impacted by significantly higher severance payments related to
dividend payout ratio level, and dividend payout policy target, anticipated                                        workforce restructuring initiatives, higher interest paid and lower cash from
capital expenditures and business outlook. Refer to section 1, Caution                                             working capital. As a result, BCE’s dividend payout ratio will remain above our
regarding forward-looking statements in this Annual Information Form.                                              target policy range in 2024.
The BCE Board reviews from time to time the adequacy of BCE’s common                                               For additional information, refer to section 1.4, Capital markets strategy of the
share dividend payout policy. BCE’s common share dividend payout policy is                                         BCE 2023 MD&A, on pages 20 to 23 of the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report.
currently set to a target dividend payout ratio (1) of 65% to 75% of free cash
flow (1). Our objective seeks to achieve dividend growth while maintaining our                                     BCE’s dividend payout policy, increases in the common share dividend and the
dividend payout ratio within the target range and balancing our strategic                                          declaration of dividends are subject to the discretion of the BCE Board and,
business priorities. As at December 31, 2023, our dividend payout ratio was                                        consequently, there can be no guarantee that BCE’s dividend payout policy will
111%, compared to 108% at December 31, 2022, which is higher than our                                              be maintained or achieved, that the dividend on common shares will be
policy range due to elevated capital expenditures compared to pre-2020                                             increased, or that dividends will be declared. Dividend increases and the
annual levels as we continued to make generational investments in our                                              declaration of dividends by the BCE Board are ultimately dependent on BCE’s
networks to support the buildout of our fibre, 5G and 5G+ network                                                  operations and financial results, which are in turn subject to various
infrastructure. Although a significant reduction in capital expenditures is                                        assumptions and risks, including those outlined in section 1, Caution regarding
planned in 2024, due largely to government policy, they are expected to                                            forward-looking statements of this Annual Information Form.
remain higher

The table below describes the increases in BCE’s annualized common share dividend starting with the quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2021.
Date of announcement                               Amount of increase                                                                       Effective date

February 4, 2021                                   5.1% (from $3.33 per share to $3.50 per share)                                           Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2021

February 3, 2022                                   5.1% (from $3.50 per share to $3.68 per share)                                           Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2022

February 2, 2023                                   5.2% (from $3.68 per share to $3.87 per share)                                           Quarterly dividend payable on April 17, 2023

February 8, 2024                                   3.1% (from $3.87 per share to $3.99 per share)                                           Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2024


Dividends on BCE’s first preferred shares are, if declared, payable quarterly, except for dividends on Series S, Series Y, Series AB, Series AD, Series AE, Series
AH and Series AJ first preferred shares, which, if declared, are payable monthly.



(1) Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and dividend payout ratio is a non-GAAP ratio. These financial measures do not have any standardized meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
    Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. Dividend payout ratio is calculated by dividing dividends paid on common shares by free cash flow. Refer to section 11, Non-GAAP
    financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) of the BCE 2023 MD&A, on pages 103 to 108 of the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report for more information on these measures including, in
    the case of free cash flow, a reconciliation to cash flows from operating activities, being the most directly comparable IFRS financial measure.

28         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
6 Dividends and dividend payout policy

The table below shows the amount of cash dividends declared per BCE common share and per Series R, Series S, Series T, Series Y, Series Z, Series AA, Series
AB, Series AC, Series AD, Series AE, Series AF, Series AG, Series AH, Series AI, Series AJ, Series AK, Series AL, Series AM, Series AN, Series AO and Series
AQ first preferred share for 2023, 2022 and 2021.
                                                                                                                              2023           2022             2021

Common shares                                                                                                                $3.87            $3.68           $3.50
First preferred shares
  Series R                                                                                                                $0.75450         $0.75450       $0.75450
  Series S                                                                                                                $1.74988         $1.11611       $0.67884
  Series T                                                                                                                $1.24750         $1.24750       $0.87794
  Series Y                                                                                                                $1.74988         $1.11611       $0.58530
  Series Z                                                                                                                $1.33650         $1.06613       $0.97600
  Series AA                                                                                                               $1.23500         $1.06876       $0.90252
  Series AB                                                                                                               $1.74988         $1.11611       $0.61248
  Series AC                                                                                                               $1.27000         $1.09500       $1.09500
  Series AD                                                                                                               $1.74988         $1.11611       $0.61248
  Series AE                                                                                                               $1.74988         $1.11611       $0.61248
  Series AF                                                                                                               $0.96625         $0.96625       $0.96625
  Series AG                                                                                                               $0.84250         $0.84250       $0.80688
  Series AH                                                                                                               $1.74988         $1.11611       $0.61248
  Series AI                                                                                                               $0.84750         $0.84750       $0.76751
  Series AJ                                                                                                               $1.74988         $1.11611       $0.61248
  Series AK                                                                                                               $0.82650         $0.82650       $0.73850
  Series AL                                                                                                               $1.62174         $0.81844       $0.49935
  Series AM                                                                                                               $0.73475         $0.73475       $0.72382
  Series AN                                                                                                               $1.67424         $0.87094       $0.55186
  Series AO (1)                                                                                                                $—          $0.26625       $1.06500
  Series AQ                                                                                                               $1.31088         $1.20300       $1.20300




(1) On March 31, 2022, BCE redeemed all of its outstanding Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares, Series AO.

                                                                                                                      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM          29
7 Our directors and executive officers


7             Our directors and executive officers

7.1           Directors
The table below lists BCE’s directors, where they lived, the date they were elected or appointed and their principal occupation on March 7, 2024.
Under BCE’s by-laws, each director holds office until the earlier of the next annual shareholder meeting or his or her resignation. David F. Denison and Robert C.
Simmonds will be retiring at the end of our 2024 annual shareholder meeting to be held on May 2, 2024.
Name, province/state                        Date elected or appointed
and country of residence                    to the BCE board                      Principal occupation on March 7, 2024

Mirko Bibic,                                January 2020                          President and Chief Executive Officer, BCE and Bell Canada, since January 2020
Ontario, Canada

David F. Denison, FCPA, FCA,                October 2012                          Corporate director, since June 2012, and Chartered Professional Accountant
Ontario, Canada

Robert P. Dexter,                           November 2014                         Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Maritime Travel Inc. (an integrated travel company), since July 1979
Nova Scotia, Canada

Katherine Lee,                              August 2015                           Corporate director, since March 2018, and Chartered Professional Accountant
Ontario, Canada

Monique F. Leroux, C.M., O.Q., FCPA, FCA,   April 2016                            Corporate director, since April 2016, and Chartered Professional Accountant
Québec, Canada

Sheila A. Murray,                           May 2020                              Corporate director, since April 2019
Ontario, Canada

Gordon M. Nixon, C.M., O. Ont.,             November 2014                         Chair of the board of directors, BCE and Bell Canada, since April 2016, and corporate director, since
Ontario, Canada                                                                   September 2014

Louis P. Pagnutti, FCPA, FCA,               November 2020                         Corporate director, since September 2020, and Chartered Professional Accountant
Ontario, Canada

Calin Rovinescu, C.M.,                      April 2016                            Corporate director, since February 2021
Ontario, Canada

Karen Sheriff,                              April 2017                            Corporate director, since October 2016
Ontario, Canada

Robert C. Simmonds,                         May 2011                              Chair, Lenbrook Corporation (a national distributor of electronics components and radio products), since
Ontario, Canada                                                                   April 2002

Jennifer Tory, C.M.,                        April 2021                            Corporate director, since December 2019
Ontario, Canada

Louis Vachon, C.M., O.Q.,                   October 2022                          Operating Partner, J.C. Flowers & Co. (a private investment firm), since January 2022
Québec, Canada

Johan Wibergh,                              November 2023                         Corporate director, since February 2023
Barbados

Cornell Wright,                             April 2021                            President, Wittington Investments, Limited (the principal holding company of the Weston group of
Ontario, Canada                                                                   companies, which includes George Weston, Loblaw and Choice Properties), since January 2022



Past occupation
All of BCE’s directors have held the positions listed above or other senior management positions with the same or associated firms or organizations during the past
five years or longer, except for the directors listed below.
Name                                        Past occupation

Sheila A. Murray                            President of CI Financial Corp. (an investment fund company), from 2016 to March 2019

Louis P. Pagnutti, FCPA, FCA                Global Managing Partner of Ernst & Young (EY) (a professional services firm), from 2013 to September 2020

Calin Rovinescu, C.M.                       President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Canada (an airline company), from 2009 to February 2021

Jennifer Tory, C.M.                         Chief Administrative Officer of Royal Bank of Canada (a chartered bank), from 2017 to December 2019

Louis Vachon, C.M., O.Q.                    Chief Executive Officer of National Bank of Canada (a chartered bank), from 2007 to November 2021

Johan Wibergh                               Chief Technology Officer of Vodafone Group plc (a global telecommunications provider), from 2015 to December 2022

Cornell Wright                              Partner of Torys LLP (a law firm), from 2009 to April 2021

30        BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
7 Our directors and executive officers

Committees of the BCE Board
The table below lists the committees of the BCE Board and their members on March 7, 2024.
Committee                                                     Members

Audit                                                         Louis P. Pagnutti (Chair)
                                                              Katherine Lee, Monique F. Leroux, Jennifer Tory, Cornell Wright

Corporate Governance                                          Monique F. Leroux (Chair)
                                                              David F. Denison, Katherine Lee, Karen Sheriff, Robert C. Simmonds, Cornell Wright

Management Resources                                          David F. Denison (Chair)
and Compensation                                              Robert P. Dexter, Sheila A. Murray, Calin Rovinescu, Jennifer Tory, Louis Vachon

Risk and Pension Fund                                         Calin Rovinescu (Chair)
                                                              Robert P. Dexter, Sheila A. Murray, Louis P. Pagnutti, Karen Sheriff, Robert C. Simmonds, Louis Vachon




7.2             Executive officers
On September 1, 2023, Curtis Millen became Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of BCE and Bell Canada following the retirement of Glen
LeBlanc from such position. Curtis Millen was previously Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Treasurer. Mr. LeBlanc remains as Special Advisor and
Vice-Chair, Bell Atlantic.
On November 1, 2023, Sean Cohan became President of Bell Media, following the retirement of Wade Oosterman from such position. Mr. Oosterman remained in
his role as Vice-Chair, BCE and Bell Canada until January 2, 2024.
The table below lists BCE’s and Bell Canada’s executive officers, where they lived and the office they held at BCE and/or Bell Canada on March 7, 2024.
Name                                                          Province and country of residence                         Office held at BCE/Bell Canada

Mirko Bibic                                                   Ontario, Canada                                           President and Chief Executive Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)

Sean Cohan                                                    Ontario, Canada (1)                                       President, Bell Media (Bell Canada)

Stephen Howe                                                  Ontario, Canada                                           Chief Technology and Information Officer (Bell Canada)

Blaik Kirby                                                   Ontario, Canada                                           Group President, Consumer and Small & Medium Business (SMB) (Bell Canada)

Devorah Lithwick                                              Ontario, Canada                                           Senior Vice President and Chief Brand Officer (Bell Canada)

Robert Malcolmson                                             Ontario, Canada                                           Executive Vice President and Chief Legal & Regulatory Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)

Curtis Millen (2)                                             Québec, Canada                                            Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)

Nikki Moffat                                                  Ontario, Canada                                           Executive Vice President, Corporate Services and Chief Human Resources Officer
                                                                                                                        (BCE and Bell Canada)

Karine Moses (2)                                              Québec, Canada                                            Senior Vice President, Content Development & News and Vice Chair, Québec (Bell Canada)

John Watson                                                   Ontario, Canada                                           Group President, Business Markets, Customer Experience & AI (Bell Canada)

(1) While Sean Cohan maintains a residence and works in Canada, he is also considered to be a resident of New York, United States.
(2) Karine Moses is a director of Gestion Juste Pour Rire Inc. and related entities, which filed on March 5, 2024 a notice of intention to make a proposal under section 50.4 of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act. In addition, Curtis
    Millen was a director of these entities for part of the 12 months preceding March 5, 2024.


All of our executive officers have held their present positions or other senior management positions with BCE or Bell Canada during the past five years or longer,
except for Sean Cohan, who was Chief Growth Officer & President at Nielsen Holdings PLC (a global measurement and data analytics company) from March 2020
to January 2023 and President at Pick Six LLC (a media consulting and investing company) from 2019 to 2020.



7.3             Directors’ and executive officers’ share ownership
As at December 31, 2023, BCE’s directors and executive officers elected or appointed at such date as a group beneficially owned, or exercised control or direction
over, directly or indirectly, 583,186 common shares (or less than 0.1%) of BCE.
                                                                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                              31
8 Legal proceedings


8           Legal proceedings
In the ordinary course of our business, we become involved in various claims       Intellectual property infringement
and legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. In
particular, because of the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are          lawsuits concerning IPTV, satellite TV and/or
exposed to class actions pursuant to which substantial monetary damages            Crave systems
may be claimed. This section describes important legal proceedings in which        On January 19, 2018, a patent infringement claim was filed in the Federal Court
we were involved as at March 7, 2024. This list is not comprehensive and we        against BCE Inc., Bell Canada, Bell Aliant Regional Communications Inc., Bell
are involved in a number of other legal proceedings. Due to the inherent risks     MTS and NorthernTel, Limited Partnership by Rovi Guides, Inc. (Rovi) and Tivo
and uncertainties of the litigation process, we cannot predict the final outcome   Solutions Inc. (Tivo). The claim alleges that the defendants, through their
or timing of claims and legal proceedings. Subject to the foregoing, and based     manufacture, distribution, sale and use of certain features of their IPTV
on information currently available and management’s assessment of the              systems, have infringed, and induced users to infringe, on six patents variously
merits of the claims and legal proceedings pending at March 7, 2024,               owned by the plaintiffs (the two Tivo patents were subsequently withdrawn). In
management believes that the ultimate resolution of these claims and legal         addition to declaratory and injunctive relief, the plaintiffs seek damages in the
proceedings is unlikely to have a material and negative effect on our financial    form of unpaid royalties in relation to the defendants’ revenues from their IPTV
statements or operations. We believe that we have strong defences and we           services or an accounting of the defendants’ profits. Following a trial on the
intend to vigorously defend our positions.                                         merits of the liability phase, on October 7, 2022, the trial judge delivered a
                                                                                   judgment completely in the defendants’ favour, dismissing all of the plaintiffs’
Class action and lawsuits concerning                                               claims and invalidating all four of the remaining patents. The plaintiffs’ appeal
neighbourhood marketing practices                                                  from that judgment was heard on November 29, 2023. The Federal Court of
                                                                                   Appeal reserved its decision.
On November 24, 2021, an application for authorization to institute a class
action was filed against Bell Canada on behalf of all consumers in Québec          On July 27, 2021, a further claim was filed in the Federal Court by Rovi against
who subscribed to or renewed a services contract with Bell Canada at their         BCE Inc., Bell Canada, Bell Media, Bell ExpressVu, NorthernTel, Limited
homes through a neighbourhood marketing agent or outside a permanent Bell          Partnership and certain third-party suppliers alleging infringement of a different
Canada retail location from June 23, 2018 to the date of final judgment. The       set of four patents from the action noted above. The claim alleges that the
plaintiff alleges that Bell Canada’s neighbourhood marketing process violates      defendants, through their manufacture, distribution, sale and use of certain
the Québec Consumer Protection Act (QCPA) and the Civil Code of Québec.            features of their IPTV, satellite TV and OTT Crave systems, have infringed, and
The plaintiff further alleges that Bell Canada conducts these practices in bad     induced users to infringe, on four patents owned by the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs
faith. The action seeks punitive damages of $1,000 per class member. On            seek similar damages as in the 2018 action. On February 15, 2023, the Court
July 4, 2023, the Québec Superior Court delivered its decision authorizing the     granted the defendants’ motion to bifurcate the action into separate liability and
class action.                                                                      damages phases. The plaintiffs were amended to include TiVo LLC and then
                                                                                   subsequently to replace Rovi and TiVo with corporate successors Adeia Guides
On September 21, 2018, a claim was filed in the Québec Superior Court              Inc. and Adeia Media Holdings LLC.
against Bell Canada for damages and for injunctive relief by Vidéotron Ltée
(Vidéotron). The claim alleges that Bell Canada pursues itinerant merchant
activities in Québec without complying with the requirements of the QCPA.          Class actions concerning service fee modifications
The claim estimates damages at $78.5 million. Vidéotron is also seeking an         On November 27, 2015, an application for authorization to institute a class
injunction ordering Bell Canada to obtain a permit and comply with the             action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell Canada, Bell
provisions of the QCPA governing itinerant merchants. On January 8, 2019,          ExpressVu and Bell Mobility on behalf of all consumers whose monthly fees for
Cogeco Connexion Inc. filed a claim in damages and for injunctive relief           wireline telephone services, Internet services, Fibe TV services, satellite TV
against Bell Canada in the Québec Superior Court, which is similar to the          services or wireless postpaid services were unilaterally modified at any time
Vidéotron claim referred to above. The claim estimates damages at                  since November 2012. The plaintiff alleges that the notices provided by the
$9.2 million.                                                                      defendants of the price increases were not compliant with the QCPA. The
                                                                                   action seeks the reimbursement, since November 2012, of the monthly price
Claim under the Copyright Act                                                      increases, and payment of punitive damages in the amount of $100 per class
                                                                                   member. On July 10, 2017, the court authorized the action to proceed as a
On July 5, 2021, a statement of claim was filed in the Federal Court against
                                                                                   class action.
Bell Canada (and the former Bell Aliant) by certain copyright owners including
Millennium Funding Inc. The claim alleges breach of the Copyright Act for
failing to forward certain copyright infringement notices to Bell customers. The
claim seeks $10,000 for each alleged failure, for a total of $397,910,000.

32      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
8 Legal proceedings

On December 12, 2018, another application for authorization to institute a         Class action concerning rounding-up of minutes
class action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against regional
subsidiaries Télébec, Limited Partnership and Cablevision du Nord de               On August 18, 2008, a statement of claim was filed pursuant to the
Québec Inc. on behalf of all consumers and business entities whose monthly         Class Proceedings Act (Ontario) in the Ontario Superior Court against Bell
fees for wireline telephone services, Internet services, TV services or wireless   Mobility on behalf of all Canadian Bell Mobility customers who, since July 2002,
postpaid services were unilaterally modified at any time since December            have had their wireless airtime rounded up to the next full minute. The action
2015. The plaintiff alleges that the notices provided by the defendants of the     alleges misrepresentation and breach of contract and seeks reimbursement of
price increases were not compliant under the QCPA and the Civil Code of            all amounts received by Bell Mobility as a result of the rounded-up portion of
Québec. The action seeks the reimbursement, since December 2015, of the            per minute charges for wireless airtime, alleged to be general damages of
monthly price increases, and payment of punitive damages in the amount of          $500 million and punitive damages of $20 million. The action was certified as a
$100 per class member. In a decision dated February 3, 2022, the court             class action on November 25, 2014, for the period between August 18, 2006
authorized the action to proceed as a class action for the price increases that    and October 1, 2009.
occurred between December 12, 2015 and November 2022.
                                                                                   Purported class action concerning “911 fees”
Class action and purported class action                                            On June 26, 2008, a statement of claim was filed under The Class Actions Act
concerning relevant advertisements initiative                                      (Saskatchewan) in the now Saskatchewan Court of King’s Bench against a
                                                                                   number of communications service providers, including Bell Mobility and its
On April 14 and 16, 2015, respectively, an application for authorization to        predecessors Bell MTS and Bell Aliant Regional Communications, Limited
institute a class action was filed against Bell Canada and Bell Mobility in the    Partnership (Bell Aliant LP), on behalf of certain alleged customers (the action
Québec Superior Court and a statement of claim was filed against Bell              also named BCE Inc. and Bell Canada as defendants but they were removed).
Canada and Bell Mobility pursuant to the Class Proceedings Act (Ontario) in        The statement of claim alleges, among other things, breach of contract and
the Ontario Superior Court. The plaintiffs seek damages for breach of              duty to inform, deceit, misrepresentation, unjust enrichment, breaches of
contract, breach of applicable consumer protection legislation, breach of the      provincial consumer protection legislation and the Competition Act, and
Civil Code of Québec, intrusion upon seclusion, negligence, breach of              collusion in connection with certain “911 fees” invoiced by communications
confidence, unjust enrichment and waiver of tort resulting from Bell Canada’s      service providers to their customers. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages,
and Bell Mobility’s alleged unauthorized use and disclosure of personal            punitive damages and an accounting and constructive trust of the “911 fees”
information pursuant to the Relevant Advertisements Initiative. Unspecified        collected. The action seeks certification of a national class encompassing all
punitive damages are also sought in both actions. On November 16, 2017,            customers of communications service providers, wherever resident in Canada.
the court stayed the Québec action. On May 13, 2019, the Ontario Superior          The action has not yet been certified as a class action.
Court certified the Ontario action as a national class action against Bell
Mobility for the period between November 16, 2013 and April 14, 2015.              Class action concerning wireless system
Class actions concerning increase to late                                          access fees
payment charges                                                                    On August 9, 2004, a statement of claim was filed under The Class Actions Act
                                                                                   (Saskatchewan) in the now Saskatchewan Court of King’s Bench against a
On October 28, 2010, an application for authorization to institute a class         number of wireless communications service providers, including Bell Mobility
action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell Canada and Bell         and its predecessors Bell MTS and Bell Aliant LP, on behalf of certain alleged
Mobility on behalf of all physical persons and companies of 50 employees or        customers. This statement of claim alleges, among other things, breach of
less in Canada who were billed late payment charges since June 2010. The           contract and duty to inform, deceit, misrepresentation, unjust enrichment and
plaintiffs allege that the increase by Bell Canada and Bell Mobility of the late   collusion in connection with certain system access fees and system licensing
payment charge imposed on customers who fail to pay their invoices by the          charges invoiced by wireless communications service providers to their
due date from 2% to 3% per month is invalid. The action seeks an order             customers. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified general and punitive
requiring Bell Canada and Bell Mobility to repay all late payment charges in       damages. On September 17, 2007, the court granted certification, on the
excess of 2% per month to the members of the class, in addition to general         grounds of unjust enrichment only, of a national class encompassing all
and punitive damages. On December 16, 2011, the court authorized the               customers of the defendant wireless communications service providers,
action but limited the class members to residents of the province of Québec        wherever resident in Canada, on the basis of an opt-out class in Saskatchewan
with respect to home phone, wireless and Internet services.                        and an opt-in class elsewhere in Canada.
On January 10, 2012, another application for the authorization to institute an
identical class action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell         Other
ExpressVu with respect to TV services, later amended to add Bell Canada as         We are subject to other claims and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of
defendant. On December 19, 2014, the court authorized this action to               our current and past operations, including class actions, employment-related
proceed as a class action.                                                         disputes, contract disputes, competitor disputes and customer disputes. In
                                                                                   some claims and legal proceedings, the claimant seeks damages as well as
                                                                                   other relief which, if granted, could require substantial expenditures on our part
                                                                                   or could result in changes to our business practices.

                                                                                                                  BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM           33
9 Interest of management and others in material transactions
10 Interest of experts
11 Transfer agent and registrar
12 For more information


9            Interest of management and others
             in material transactions
To the best of our knowledge, there have been no current or nominated              any transaction within the three most recently completed financial years or
directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of a current or      during the current financial year that has materially affected us or is reasonably
nominated director or executive officer with a material interest in                expected to materially affect us.




10           Interest of experts
Deloitte LLP prepared the Report of independent registered public accounting       December 31, 2023. Deloitte LLP is independent of BCE within the meaning of
firm in respect of our audited consolidated financial statements as at and for     the Code of Ethics of the Ordre des comptables professionnels agréés du
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the Report of                      Québec and within the meaning of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as
independent registered public accounting firm in respect of our internal control   amended, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder adopted by the
over financial reporting as of                                                     SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (U.S.).




11           Transfer agent and registrar
The transfer agent and registrar for the common shares and preferred shares        The register for Bell Canada’s Canadian subordinated debentures is kept at the
of BCE in Canada is TSX Trust Company at its principal offices in Montréal,        principal office of BNY in Montréal, and facilities for registration, exchange and
Québec; Toronto, Ontario; Calgary, Alberta; and Vancouver, British Columbia;       transfer of the Canadian subordinated debentures are maintained at the
and in the U.S. is Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (successor to American Stock        principal offices of BNY in Montréal and Toronto.
Transfer & Trust Company, LLC) at its principal office in New York, New York.
                                                                                   The register for Bell MTS’s notes assumed by Bell Canada is kept at the
The register for Bell Canada’s Canadian unsubordinated debentures is kept at       principal office of Computershare Trust Company of Canada (Computershare)
the principal office of BNY Trust Company of Canada (BNY) in Montréal, and         in Montréal, and facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of the notes
facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of the Canadian                 are maintained at Computershare’s offices in Montréal, Toronto and Calgary.
unsubordinated debentures are maintained at the principal offices of BNY in
Montréal and Toronto.                                                              The register for Bell Canada’s U.S. notes, issued pursuant to its 2016 U.S. trust
                                                                                   indenture, is kept at the principal office of The Bank of New York Mellon in New
                                                                                   York, and facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of such U.S. notes
                                                                                   are also maintained at the principal office of The Bank of New York Mellon in
                                                                                   New York.




12           For more information
This Annual Information Form as well as BCE’s annual and quarterly                 Additional information relating to BCE is available on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca
shareholder reports and news releases are available on BCE’s website at            and on EDGAR at sec.gov. Additional financial information is provided in BCE’s
BCE.ca.                                                                            audited consolidated financial statements and the related management’s
                                                                                   discussion and analysis for BCE’s most recently completed financial year,
Additional information, including information about directors’ and officers’       contained in the BCE 2023 Annual Financial Report. You may ask for a copy of
remuneration and securities authorized for issuance under equity                   the annual and quarterly management’s discussion and analysis of BCE by
compensation plans, is contained in BCE’s management proxy circular for its        contacting the Investor Relations group of BCE at Building A, 8th Floor, 1,
most recent annual meeting of security holders that involved the election of       Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3 or by sending an
directors.                                                                         e-mail to investor.relations@bce.ca.

                                                                                   Shareholder inquiries 1-800-561-0934
                                                                                   Investor relations    1-800-339-6353

34       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
13 Schedule 1 – Audit Committee information


13          Schedule 1 – Audit Committee information
The purpose of BCE’s Audit Committee (Audit Committee) is to assist the                      Members’ financial literacy, expertise
BCE Board in its oversight of:
                                                                                             and simultaneous service
• the integrity of BCE’s financial statements and related information;
                                                                                             Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related SEC rules, BCE is required
• BCE’s compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements;                        to disclose whether its Audit Committee members include at least one “audit
                                                                                             committee financial expert” as defined by these rules. In addition, National
• the independence, qualifications and appointment of the external auditors;
                                                                                             Instrument 52-110 – Audit Committees and the NYSE governance rules
• the performance of both the external and internal auditors;                                followed by BCE require that all audit committee members be “financially
                                                                                             literate” and “independent”.
• management’s responsibility for        assessing    and     reporting    on     the
  effectiveness of internal controls;                                                        The BCE Board has determined that all the members of the Audit Committee
• BCE’s risk processes as they relate to financial reporting.                                during 2023 were, and all current members of the Audit Committee are,
                                                                                             financially literate and independent, and that the current Chair of the Audit
                                                                                             Committee, Mr. L.P. Pagnutti, as well as Ms. K. Lee and Ms. M.F. Leroux are
                                                                                             qualified as “audit committee financial experts”. The table below outlines the
                                                                                             relevant education and experience of all members of the Audit Committee,
                                                                                             whether during 2023 or currently.

Relevant education and experience
L.P. Pagnutti, FCPA, FCA                      Mr. Pagnutti has been a director of BCE since November 2020 and is Chair of the Audit Committee since January 2021. Mr. Pagnutti is a
(Chair)                                       corporate director and was Global Managing Partner Business Enablement of EY (a professional services firm) and a member of EY’s Global
                                              Executive Board until his retirement in September 2020. As Global Managing Partner, he was responsible for EY’s business functions across the
                                              globe. He oversaw EY’s strategy and its execution for all functions, including technology, finance, risk management, legal, shared services and
                                              procurement. Mr. Pagnutti joined EY Assurance in 1981, before moving to EY Tax in 1986. From 2004 until 2010, he was Chairman and Chief
                                              Executive Officer of EY Canada and a member of the EY Americas Executive Board. He was EY Asia-Pacific Area Managing Partner from 2010
                                              to 2013. Mr. Pagnutti holds an Honours Bachelor of Commerce degree from Laurentian University. He earned his Chartered Accountant
                                              designation in 1983 and was honoured with a Fellow Chartered Accountant designation in 2006. He has served on the Sunnybrook Hospital
                                              Foundation and Pathways to Education boards. Mr. Pagnutti initiated EY Canada’s role as National Volunteer Partner of Pathways to Education,
                                              a program dedicated to helping high school students from low-income and under-represented groups complete high school and pursue post­
                                              secondary education.

K. Lee                                        Ms. Lee has been a director of BCE since August 2015. She is a corporate director and, from 2010 to February 2015, served as President and
                                              Chief Executive Officer of GE Capital Canada (a leading global provider of financial and fleet management solutions to mid-market companies
                                              operating in a broad range of economic sectors). Prior to this role, Ms. Lee served as Chief Executive Officer of GE Capital Real Estate in
                                              Canada from 2002 to 2010, building it to a full debt and equity operating company. Ms. Lee joined GE in 1994, where she held a number of
                                              positions, including Director, Mergers & Acquisitions, for GE Capital’s Pension Fund Advisory Services based in San Francisco, and Managing
                                              Director of GE Capital Real Estate Korea based in Seoul and Tokyo. Ms. Lee earned a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of
                                              Toronto. She is a Chartered Professional Accountant and Chartered Accountant. She is active in the community, championing women’s networks
                                              and Asia- Pacific forums. Ms. Lee is a director of Colliers International Group and Public Sector Pension Investments.

M.F. Leroux,                                  Ms. Leroux has been a director of BCE since April 2016. Companion of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame and inductee into the Canadian
C.M., O.Q., FCPA, FCA                         Accounting Hall of Fame and the Investment Industry Hall of Fame, Ms. Leroux is a corporate director, who serves as an independent board
                                              member of Michelin Group (Michelin) and Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. As such, she brings to these boards her diverse experience, among
                                              others as Audit Partner at Ernst and Young from 1988 to 1995 and Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Desjardins Group from
                                              2008 to 2016. Ms. Leroux is Chair of Michelin’s Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, which oversees ESG (including climate change)
                                              matters for such company. In 2020, Ms. Leroux acted as Chair of the Industry Strategy Council appointed by the Minister of Innovation, Science
                                              and Industry Canada. From 2016 to 2020, she was Chair of the Board of Investissement Québec. She is Vice-Chair of the Orchestre
                                              symphonique de Montréal and she is also Chair of the Boards of the University of Sherbrooke and Conservatoire de musique et d’art
                                              dramatique du Québec. Ms. Leroux is a Member of the Order of Canada, an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec, a Chevalier of the Légion
                                              d’honneur (France) and a recipient of the Woodrow Wilson Award (United States). She has been awarded Fellowships by the Ordre des
                                              comptables professionnels agréés du Québec and the Institute of Corporate Directors and holds honourary doctorates from ten Canadian
                                              universities in recognition of her contributions to the business sector and to the community.

                                                                                                                                  BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM                   35
13 Schedule 1 – Audit Committee information

J. Tory, C.M.                                 Ms. Tory has been a director of BCE since April 2021. She is a corporate director who was, until her retirement in December 2019, the Chief
                                              Administrative Officer of RBC (a chartered bank), where she held responsibility for Brand, Marketing, Citizenship (ESG) & Communications,
                                              Procurement and Real Estate functions globally. Prior to this role, she was Group Head, Personal & Commercial Banking, leading RBC’s retail
                                              and commercial customer businesses and operations in Canada and the Caribbean from 2014 to 2017. Throughout her 42-year career, Ms. Tory
                                              held a number of key senior operating positions across retail distribution and operations, including overseeing digital and cost transformation of
                                              the business. An acknowledged community leader and fundraiser, she currently sits on the Sunnybrook Hospital Foundation and is past Chair of
                                              the board of the Toronto International Film Festival. A champion of diversity, Ms. Tory is the recipient of numerous awards recognizing her work
                                              related to the advancement of women and advocacy for BIPOC and LGBTQ+ communities. She has completed her Global Competent Board
                                              Sustainability & ESG Designation and Certificate (GCB.D), which included a session on climate change and biodiversity.

C. Wright                                     Mr. Wright has been a director of BCE since April 2021. Mr. Wright is President of Wittington Investments, Limited (Wittington) (the principal
                                              holding company of the Weston group of companies, which includes George Weston, Loblaw and Choice Properties). As President of
                                              Wittington, Mr. Wright serves as a director of the Weston group of companies. Mr. Wright joined Wittington in 2021 following a 20-year career at
                                              Torys LLP (a law firm), where he was a leading corporate lawyer. He served as Chair of the firm’s Corporate Department and was co-head of the
                                              firm’s M&A Practice. As a lawyer, his practice focused on M&A transactions, both public and private, and other critical situations. He played a
                                              lead role acting for some of Canada’s largest public and private companies in their most significant strategic matters. Mr. Wright has a broad
                                              range of experience in complex transactional, securities, family-controlled business, private equity, regulatory, governance, activism and
                                              compliance matters. He has counselled boards of directors and board committees on corporate governance matters, crisis management and
                                              shareholder engagement issues. He is a Fellow of The American College of Governance Counsel. Mr. Wright is a Trustee of University Health
                                              Network and a member of the Dean’s Advisory Board at the Rotman School of Management, and is past Chair of the board of the National
                                              Ballet of Canada. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from McGill University and JD and MBA degrees from the University of Toronto.


The NYSE rules followed by BCE require that if an audit committee member                      In particular, the policy specifies that:
serves simultaneously on the audit committee of more than three public
                                                                                              • the external auditors cannot be hired to provide any services falling within the
companies, the board of directors must determine and disclose that this
                                                                                                prohibited services category, such as bookkeeping, financial information
simultaneous service does not impair the ability of the member to effectively
                                                                                                system design and implementation, or legal services;
serve on the Audit Committee. No Audit Committee member currently serves
simultaneously on the audit committee of more than three public companies.                    • for all audit and non-audit services falling within the permitted services
                                                                                                category (such as prospectus, due diligence and non-statutory audits), a
Pre-approval policies and procedures                                                            request for approval must be submitted to the Audit Committee prior to
                                                                                                engaging the external auditors;
BCE’s Auditor Independence Policy is a comprehensive policy governing all
aspects of our relationship with the external auditors, including:                            • specific permitted services, however, are pre-approved annually and quarterly
                                                                                                by the Audit Committee and consequently only require approval by the
• establishing a process for determining whether various audit and other
                                                                                                Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer prior to engaging the
  services provided by the external auditors affect their independence;
                                                                                                external auditors;
• identifying the services that the external auditors may and may not provide to
                                                                                              • at each regularly scheduled Audit Committee meeting, a summary of all fees
  BCE and its subsidiaries;
                                                                                                billed by the external auditors by type of service is presented. This summary
• pre-approving all services to be provided by the external auditors of BCE                     includes the details of fees incurred within the pre-approval amounts.
  and its subsidiaries;
                                                                                              The Auditor Independence Policy is available in the governance section of
• establishing a process outlining procedures when hiring current or former                   BCE’s website at BCE.ca.
  personnel of the external auditors in a financial oversight role to ensure
  auditor independence is maintained.                                                         External auditors’ fees
                                                                                              The table below shows the fees that BCE’s external auditors, Deloitte LLP,
                                                                                              billed to BCE and its subsidiaries for various services in each of the past two
                                                                                              fiscal years.
                                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                          (in $ millions)        (in $ millions)

                                                                                              Audit fees (1)                                                                        10.1                    9.8
                                                                                              Audit-related fees (2)                                                                 3.5                    3.3
                                                                                              Tax fees (3)                                                                           0.3                    0.3
                                                                                              All other fees (4)                                                                     0.1                    0.1

                                                                                              Total (5)                                                                             14.0                   13.5

                                                                                              (1) These fees include professional services provided by the external auditors for statutory audits of the annual
                                                                                                  financial statements, the audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, the review of
                                                                                                  interim financial reports, the review of financial accounting and reporting matters, the review of securities
                                                                                                  offering documents and translation services.
                                                                                              (2) These fees relate to non-statutory audits and due diligence procedures, and other regulatory audits and
                                                                                                  filings.
                                                                                              (3) These fees include professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and assistance with tax audits.
                                                                                              (4) These fees include any other fees for permitted services not included in any of the above-stated categories.
                                                                                              (5) The amounts of $14.0 million for 2023 and $13.5 million for 2022 reflect fees billed in those fiscal years
                                                                                                  without taking into account the year to which those services relate. Total fees for services provided for each
                                                                                                  fiscal year amounted to $10.8 million in 2023 and $10.5 million in 2022.


36          BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter


14          Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter

I.    Purpose                                                                       2.   Meet to review and discuss with management and the shareholders’
                                                                                         auditor, report and, where appropriate, provide recommendations to the
The purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its            Board of Directors on the following prior to its public disclosure:
oversight of:
                                                                                         a. the Corporation’s annual and interim consolidated financial statements
A.    the integrity of the Corporation’s financial statements and related                   and the related “Management’s Discussion and Analysis”, safe harbour
      information;                                                                          notice concerning forward-looking statements, annual integrated report,
B.    the Corporation’s compliance with applicable legal and regulatory                     Annual Information Forms, earnings press releases and earnings
      requirements;                                                                         guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies and the integrity of
                                                                                            the financial reporting of the Corporation;
C.    the independence, qualifications and appointment of the shareholders’
      auditor;                                                                             – In addition to the role of the Audit Committee to make
                                                                                             recommendations to the Board of Directors, where the members of
D.    the performance of the Corporation’s shareholders’ auditor and internal                the Audit Committee consider that it is appropriate and in the best
      audit;                                                                                 interest of the Corporation, the Corporation’s interim consolidated
                                                                                             financial statements and the related “Management’s Discussion and
E.    management responsibility for assessing and reporting on the                           Analysis”, the interim earnings press releases and the earnings
      effectiveness of internal controls; and                                                guidance, may also be approved on behalf of the Board of Directors
                                                                                             by the Audit Committee, provided that such approval is subsequently
F.    the Corporation’s risks as it relates to financial reporting.                          reported to the Board of Directors at its next meeting;
II.   Duties and responsibilities                                                        b. any audit issues raised by the shareholders’ auditor and management’s
The Audit Committee shall perform the functions customarily performed by                    response thereto, including any restrictions on the scope of the
audit committees and any other functions assigned by the Board of Directors.                activities of the shareholders’ auditor or access to requested
In particular, the Audit Committee shall have the following duties and                      information and any significant disagreements with management.
responsibilities:                                                                   3.   Review and discuss reports from the shareholders’ auditor on:
A.    Financial reporting and control                                                    a. all critical accounting policies and practices used by the Corporation;
1.    On a quarterly and annual basis, review and discuss with management                b. all material selections of accounting policies when there is a choice of
      and the shareholders’ auditor the following:                                          policies available under IFRS that have been discussed with
      a. major issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement               management, including the ramifications of the use of such alternative
         presentation, including any significant changes in the Corporation’s               treatment and the alternative preferred by the shareholders’ auditor;
         selection or application of accounting principles or material related              and
         party transactions, and issues as to the adequacy of the Corporation’s          c. other material written communications between the shareholders’
         internal controls and any special audit steps adopted in light of                  auditor and management, and discuss such communication with the
         material control deficiencies;                                                     shareholders’ auditor.
      b. analyses prepared by management and/or the shareholders’ auditor
         setting forth significant financial reporting issues and judgements        B.   Oversight of the shareholders’ auditor
         made in connection with the preparation of the financial statements,       1.   Be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and
         including the impact of selecting one of several International Financial        oversight of the work of the shareholders’ auditor, who shall report directly
         Reporting Standards (IFRS) and/ or non IFRS measures on the                     to the Audit Committee, and any other auditor preparing or issuing an
         financial statements when such a selection has been made in the                 audit report or performing other audit services or attest services for the
         current reporting period;                                                       Corporation or any consolidated subsidiary of the Corporation, where
                                                                                         required, and review, report and, where appropriate, provide
      c. the effect of regulatory and accounting developments, as well as                recommendations to the Board of Directors on the appointment, terms
         off-balance sheet arrangements, on the financial statements of the              and review of engagement, removal, independence and proposed fees of
         Corporation; and                                                                the shareholders’ auditor.
      d. the type and presentation of information to be included in earnings
         press releases (including any use of pro-forma or non-IFRS
         information).

                                                                                                                   BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM              37
14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter

2.    Approve in advance all audit, review or attest engagement fees and             8.    At least every 5 years, unless the annual assessment indicates otherwise,
      terms for all audit, review or attest services to be provided by the                 conduct a comprehensive review of the shareholders’ auditor focussing on
      shareholders’ auditor to the Corporation and any consolidated subsidiary             the firm and report to the Board of Directors on:
      and any other auditor preparing or issuing an audit report or performing
      other audit services or attest services for the Corporation or any                   a. the independence, objectivity and professional skepticism of the
      consolidated subsidiary of the Corporation, where required.                             shareholders’ auditor;

3.    Pre-approve all engagements for permitted audit and non-audit services               b. the quality of the engagement team; and
      to be provided by the shareholders’ auditor to the Corporation and any
                                                                                           c. the quality of communications and interactions with the shareholders’
      consolidated subsidiary and to this effect may establish policies and
                                                                                              auditor.
      procedures for the engagement of the shareholders’ auditor to provide to
      the Corporation and any consolidated subsidiary permitted non-audit            9.    Resolve any disagreement between management and the shareholders’
      services, which shall include approval in advance by the Audit                       auditor regarding financial reporting.
      Committee of all audit/review and permitted non-audit services to be
      provided by the shareholders’ auditor to the Corporation and any               10.   Review the annual audit plan with the shareholders’ auditor.
      consolidated subsidiary.
                                                                                     11.   Meet periodically with the shareholders’ auditor in the absence of
4.    Delegate, if deemed appropriate, authority to the Chief Financial Officer            management and internal audit.
      to grant pre-approvals of audit, review and permitted non-audit services,
      provided that any such approvals shall be presented to the Audit               C.    Oversight of internal audit
      Committee at its next scheduled meeting.
                                                                                     1.    Review and discuss with the head of internal audit, report and, where
5.    Establish policies for the hiring of partners, employees and former                  appropriate, provide recommendations to the Board of Directors on the
      partners and employees of the shareholders’ auditor.                                 following:

6.    At least annually, consider, assess, and report to the Board of Directors            a. the appointment and mandate of internal audit, including the
      on:                                                                                     responsibilities, budget and staffing of internal audit;

     a. the independence, objectivity and professional skepticism of the                   b. discuss with the head of internal audit the scope and performance of
        shareholders’ auditor, including that the shareholders’ auditor’s                     internal audit, including a review of the annual internal audit plan, and
        performance of permitted non-audit services does not impair the                       whether there are any restrictions or limitations on internal audit; and
        shareholders’ auditor’s independence;
                                                                                           c. obtain periodic reports from the head of internal audit regarding internal
     b. obtaining from the shareholders’ auditor a written statement                          audit findings, including those related to the Corporation’s internal
        (i) delineating all relationships between the shareholders’ auditor and               controls, and the Corporation’s progress in remedying any audit
        the Corporation; (ii) assuring that lead audit partner rotation is carried            findings.
        out, as required by law; and (iii) delineating any other relationships
        that may adversely affect the independence of the shareholders’              2.    Meet periodically with the head of internal audit in the absence of
        auditor;                                                                           management and the shareholders’ auditor.

     c. the quality of the engagement team including the evaluation of the           D.    Oversight of the Corporation’s internal control system
        lead audit partner, taking into account the opinions of management           1.    Review and discuss with management, the shareholders’ auditor and
        and internal audit; and                                                            internal audit, monitor, report and, where appropriate, provide
     d. the quality of the communications and interactions with the external               recommendations to the Board of Directors on the following:
        auditor.                                                                           a. the Corporation’s systems of internal controls over financial reporting;
7.    At least annually, obtain and review a report by the shareholders’ auditor           b. the existence of any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      describing:                                                                             management or other employees who have a significant role in the
     a. the shareholders’ auditor’s internal quality-control procedures;                      Corporation’s internal controls over financial reporting;

     b. any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control             c. compliance with the policies and practices of the Corporation relating to
        review, or peer review of the shareholders’ auditor firm, or by any                   business ethics and code of conduct;
        inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities,              d. compliance by Directors, Officers and other management personnel
        issued in the reporting year, respecting one or more independent                      with the Corporation’s Disclosure Policy; and
        audits carried out by the shareholders’ auditor firm in Canada and the
        United States, limited to the Public Company Accounting Oversight                  e. the relationship of the Audit Committee with other committees of the
        Board, and any steps taken to deal with any such issues.                              Board of Directors, management and the Corporation’s consolidated
                                                                                              subsidiaries’ audit committees.

38      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter

2.    Review and discuss with the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial     IV. Outside advisors
      Officer of the Corporation the process for the certifications to be
      provided in the Corporation’s public disclosure documents.                  The Audit Committee shall have the authority to engage outside counsel and
                                                                                  other outside advisors as it deems appropriate to assist the Audit Committee in
3.    Review, monitor, report, and, where appropriate, provide                    the performance of its functions. The Corporation shall provide appropriate
      recommendations to the Board of Directors on the Corporation’s              funding for such advisors as determined by the Audit Committee.
      disclosure controls and procedures.
                                                                                  V.   Membership
4.    Establish procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of
      complaints received by the Corporation regarding accounting, internal       The Audit Committee shall consist of such number of directors, in no event to
      accounting controls or auditing matters, including procedures for           be less than three, as the Board of Directors may from time to time by
      confidential, anonymous submissions by employees regarding                  resolution determine. The members of the Audit Committee shall meet the
      questionable accounting or auditing matters.                                independence, experience and other membership requirements under
                                                                                  applicable laws, rules and regulations as determined by the Board of Directors.
5.    Meet periodically with management in the absence of the shareholders’
      auditor and internal audit.                                                 VI. Audit Committee Chair
                                                                                  The Chair of the Audit Committee shall be appointed by the Board of Directors.
E.   Oversight of the Corporation’s financial                                     The Chair of the Audit Committee leads the Audit Committee in all aspects of its
     reporting risks                                                              work and is responsible to effectively manage the affairs of the Audit Committee
                                                                                  and ensure that it is properly organized and functions efficiently. More
1.    Review,    monitor,    report   and,   where      appropriate,  provide
                                                                                  specifically, the Chair of the Audit Committee shall:
      recommendations to the Board of Directors on the Corporation’s
      processes for identifying, assessing, mitigating, remedying and, where      A.   Provide leadership to enable the Audit Committee to act effectively in
      required, reporting major risk exposures as it relates to financial              carrying out its duties and responsibilities as described elsewhere in this
      reporting.                                                                       charter and as otherwise may be appropriate;
F.   Journalistic independence                                                    B.   In consultation with the Board Chair and the Chief Executive Officer,
                                                                                       ensure that there is an effective relationship between management and
1.    Consider and approve, on recommendation from the Chief Executive                 the members of the Audit Committee;
      Officer, the appointment and termination of the Vice President
      responsible for CTV News and the Vice President responsible for Noovo       C.   Chair meetings of the Audit Committee;
      News.
                                                                                  D.   In consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the Corporate Secretary’s
2.    At least annually, obtain and review reports regarding compliance with           Office and the Board Chair, determine the frequency, dates and locations
      the Corporation’s Journalistic Independence Policy by each of the Vice           of meetings of the Audit Committee;
      President responsible for CTV News and the Vice President responsible
      for Noovo News.                                                             E.   In consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer,
                                                                                       the Corporate Secretary’s Office and, as required, other Officers, review
G. Compliance with legal requirements                                                  the annual work plan and the meeting agendas to ensure all required
                                                                                       business is brought before the Audit Committee to enable it to efficiently
1.    Review and discuss with management, the shareholders’ auditor and                carry out its duties and responsibilities;
      internal audit, monitor, report and, when appropriate, provide
      recommendation to the Board of Directors on the adequacy of the             F.   Ensure, in consultation with the Board Chair, that all items requiring the
      Corporation’s process for complying with laws and regulations.                   Audit Committee’s approval are appropriately tabled;
2.    Receive, on a periodic basis, reports from the Corporation’s Chief Legal    G.   Ensure the proper flow of information to the Audit Committee and review,
      Officer, with respect to the Corporation’s pending or threatened material        with the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Corporate
      litigation.                                                                      Secretary’s Office and, as required, other Officers, the adequacy and
                                                                                       timing of materials in support of management’s proposals;
III. Evaluation of the Audit Committee and report to
                                                                                  H.   Report to the Board of Directors on the matters reviewed by, and on any
     Board of Directors                                                                decisions or recommendations of, the Audit Committee at the next
A.    The Audit Committee shall evaluate and review with the Corporate                 meeting of the Board of Directors following any meeting of the Audit
      Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, on an annual basis,              Committee; and
      the performance of the Audit Committee.
                                                                                  I.   Carry out any special assignments or any functions as requested by the
B.    The Audit Committee shall review and discuss with the Corporate                  Board of Directors.
      Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, on an annual basis,
      the adequacy of the Audit Committee charter.
C.    The Audit Committee shall report to the Board of Directors periodically
      on the Audit Committee’s activities.

                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM            39
14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter


VII. Term
The members of the Audit Committee shall be appointed or changed by
resolution of the Board of Directors to hold office from the time of their
appointment until the next annual general meeting of the shareholders or until
their successors are so appointed.

VIII. Procedures for meetings
The Audit Committee shall fix its own procedure at meetings and for the
calling of meetings. The Audit Committee shall meet separately in executive
session in the absence of management, internal audit and the shareholders’
auditor, at each regularly scheduled meeting.

IX. Quorum and voting
Unless otherwise determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of
Directors, two members of the Audit Committee shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business at a meeting. For any meeting(s) at which the
Audit Committee Chair is absent, the Chair of the meeting shall be the person
present who shall be decided upon by all members present. At a meeting, any
question shall be decided by a majority of the votes cast by members of the
Audit Committee, except where only two members are present, in which case
any question shall be decided unanimously.

X.   Secretary
Unless otherwise determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, the
Corporate Secretary of the Corporation or the Corporate Secretary’s delegate
shall be the Secretary of the Audit Committee.

XI. Vacancies
Vacancies at any time occurring shall be filled by resolution of the Board of
Directors.

XII. Records
The Audit Committee shall keep such records as it may deem necessary of its
proceedings and shall report regularly its activities and recommendations to
the Board of Directors as appropriate.

40      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
BCE.CA
                                                                                                                                Exhibit 99.2

MD&A




Management’s
discussion and analysis
Table of contents
1   Overview                                                           12   5   Business segment analysis                                54
    1.1     Introduction                                               12       5.1    Bell CTS                                          54
    1.2     About BCE                                                  15       5.2    Bell Media                                        63
    1.3     Key corporate developments                                 18   6   Financial and capital management                         68
    1.4     Capital markets strategy                                   20
                                                                                6.1    Net debt                                          68
    1.5     Corporate governance and risk management                   23
                                                                                6.2    Outstanding share data                            69
    1.6     Capitals and our corporate responsibility                  26
                                                                                6.3    Cash flows                                        69
2   Strategic imperatives                                              35       6.4    Post-employment benefit plans                     71
    2.1     Build the best networks                                    35       6.5    Financial risk management                         72
    2.2     Drive growth with innovative services                      35       6.6    Credit ratings                                    75
    2.3     Deliver the most compelling content                        36       6.7    Liquidity                                         75
    2.4     Champion customer experience                               37       6.8    Litigation                                        77
    2.5     Operate with agility and cost efficiency                   37
                                                                            7   Selected annual and quarterly information                78
    2.6     Engage and invest in our people and create a sustainable
                                                                                7.1    Annual financial information                      78
            future                                                     38
                                                                                7.2    Quarterly financial information                   80
3   Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks                39
                                                                            8   Regulatory environment                                   83
    3.1     BCE 2023 performance vs. guidance targets                  39
                                                                                8.1    Introduction                                      83
    3.2     Business outlook and assumptions                           40
                                                                                8.2    Telecommunications Act                            83
    3.3     Principal business risks                                   41
                                                                                8.3    Broadcasting Act                                  85
4   Consolidated financial analysis                                    45       8.4    Radiocommunication Act                            86
    4.1     Introduction                                               45       8.5    Bell Canada Act                                   87
    4.2     Customer connections                                       46       8.6    Other                                             87
    4.3     Operating revenues                                         47
                                                                            9   Business risks                                           88
    4.4     Operating costs                                            48
    4.5     Net earnings                                               48   10 Accounting policies                                       99
    4.6     Adjusted EBITDA                                            49
                                                                            11 Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial
    4.7     Severance, acquisition and other costs                     49      measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)           103
    4.8     Depreciation and amortization                              50       11.1   Non-GAAP financial measures                      103
    4.9     Finance costs                                              50       11.2   Non-GAAP ratios                                  106
    4.10 Impairment of assets                                          51       11.3   Total of segments measures                       106
    4.11    Other expense                                              51       11.4   Capital management measures                      107
    4.12 Income taxes                                                  52       11.5   Supplementary financial measures                 108
    4.13 Net earnings attributable to common shareholders and EPS      52       11.6   KPIs                                             108
    4.14 Capital expenditures                                          53
                                                                            12 Effectiveness of internal controls                       109
    4.15 Cash flows                                                    53


8         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
MD&A

In this management’s discussion and analysis (MD&A), we, us, our, BCE and the        In preparing this MD&A, we have taken into account information available to us up to
company mean, as the context may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively, BCE      March 7, 2024, the date of this MD&A, unless otherwise stated.
Inc., Bell Canada, their subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates. Bell
means, as the context may require, either Bell Canada or, collectively, Bell         You will find additional information relating to BCE, including BCE’s audited
Canada, its subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates.                         consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, BCE’s
                                                                                     annual information form for the year ended December 31, 2023, dated March 7,
All amounts in this MD&A are in millions of Canadian dollars, except where noted.    2024 (BCE 2023 AIF) and recent financial reports, on BCE’s website at BCE.ca, on
Please refer to section 11, Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial             SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at sec.gov.
measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) for a list of defined non-GAAP
financial measures, other financial measures and KPIs.                               Documents and other information contained in BCE’s website or in any other site
                                                                                     referred to in BCE’s website or in this MD&A are not part of this MD&A and are not
Please refer to BCE’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended   incorporated by reference herein.
December 31, 2023 when reading this MD&A.
                                                                                     This MD&A comments on our business operations, performance, financial position
                                                                                     and other matters for the two years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.


                                                                                                                                                                       9
MD&A


Caution regarding forward-looking statements
This MD&A and, in particular, but without limitation, section 1.3, Key corporate           or implied by, such forward-looking statements and that our business outlook,
developments, section 1.4, Capital markets strategy, section 1.6, Capitals and our         objectives, plans and strategic priorities may not be achieved. These statements are
corporate responsibility, section 2, Strategic imperatives, section 3.2, Business          not guarantees of future performance or events, and we caution you against relying
outlook and assumptions, section 5, Business segment analysis and section 6.7,             on any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are
Liquidity, contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements            presented in this MD&A for the purpose of assisting investors and others in
include, without limitation, statements relating to our projected financial                understanding our objectives, strategic priorities and business outlook as well as our
performance for 2024, BCE’s dividend growth objective, 2024 annualized common              anticipated operating environment. Readers are cautioned, however, that such
share dividend and dividend payout ratio level, and dividend payout policy target,         information may not be appropriate for other purposes.
BCE’s anticipated capital expenditures and network deployment plans, BCE’s
financial policy target, the cost savings and other benefits expected to result from       We have made certain economic, market, operational and other assumptions in
workforce reductions as well as estimated related severance payments, the                  preparing the forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A, and, in particular,
sources of liquidity we expect to use to meet our 2024 cash requirements, our              but without limitation, the forward-looking statements contained in the previously
expected post-employment benefit plans funding, the expected timing and                    mentioned sections of this MD&A. These assumptions include, without limitation, the
completion of the proposed acquisition of the Canadian out-of-home media                   assumptions described in the various sub-sections of this MD&A entitled
business of OUTFRONT Media Inc. and the benefits expected to result therefrom,             Assumptions, which sub-sections are incorporated by reference in this cautionary
our environmental, social and governance (ESG) objectives, which include, without          statement. Subject to various factors, we believe that our assumptions were
limitation, our objectives concerning diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging           reasonable at March 7, 2024. If our assumptions turn out to be inaccurate, actual
(DEIB), our targeted reductions in the level of our greenhouse gas (GHG)                   results or events could be materially different from what we expect.
emissions including, without limitation, our carbon neutrality (scope 1 and 2 only)        Important risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially
target and our science-based targets, our objectives concerning reductions in              from those expressed in, or implied by, the previously-mentioned forward-looking
waste to landfill, community investment, privacy and information security, corporate       statements and other forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A, include,
governance and ethical business conduct, BCE’s business outlook, objectives,               but are not limited to: the negative effect of adverse economic conditions, including a
plans and strategic priorities, and other statements that do not refer to historical       potential recession, elevated inflation, high interest rates and financial and capital
facts. A statement we make is forward-looking when it uses what we know and                market volatility, and the resulting negative impact on business and customer
expect today to make a statement about the future. Forward-looking statements              spending and the demand for our products and services; the negative effect of
are typically identified by the words assumption, goal, guidance, objective, outlook,      adverse conditions associated with geopolitical events; regulatory initiatives,
project, strategy, target, commitment and other similar expressions or future or           proceedings and decisions, government consultations and government positions that
conditional verbs such as aim, anticipate, believe, could, expect, intend, may, plan,      negatively affect us and influence our business including, without limitation,
seek, should, strive and will. All such forward-looking statements are made                concerning mandatory access to networks, spectrum auctions, the imposition of
pursuant to the safe harbour provisions of applicable Canadian securities laws and         consumer-related codes of conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast and
of the United States (U.S.) Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.              spectrum licensing, foreign ownership requirements, privacy and cybersecurity
Unless otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements in this MD&A                  obligations and control of copyright piracy; the inability to implement enhanced
describe our expectations as at March 7, 2024 and, accordingly, are subject to             compliance frameworks and to comply with legal and regulatory obligations;
change after that date. Except as may be required by applicable securities laws,           unfavourable resolution of legal proceedings; the intensity of competitive activity and
we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking                 the failure to effectively respond to evolving competitive dynamics; the level of
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.            technological substitution and the presence of alternative service providers
                                                                                           contributing to disruptions and disintermediation in each of our business segments;
Forward-looking statements, by their very nature, are subject to inherent risks and        changing customer behaviour and the expansion of cloud-based, over-the-top (OTT)
uncertainties and are based on several assumptions, both general and specific,             and other alternative solutions; advertising market pressures from economic
which give rise to the possibility that actual results or events could differ materially   conditions,
from our expectations expressed in,

10       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
MD&A

fragmentation and non-traditional/global digital services; rising content costs and       and services we need; the failure of our vendor selection, governance and oversight
challenges in our ability to acquire or develop key content; high Canadian Internet       processes, including our management of supplier risk in the areas of security, data
and smartphone penetration; the failure to evolve and transform our networks,             governance and responsible procurement; the quality of our products and services
systems and operations using next-generation technologies while lowering our cost         and the extent to which they may be subject to defects or fail to comply with
structure, including the failure to transition from a traditional telecommunications      applicable government regulations and standards; reputational risks and the inability
company to a tech services and digital media company and meet customer                    to meaningfully integrate ESG considerations into our business strategy and
expectations of product and service experience; the inability to drive a positive         operations; the failure to take appropriate actions to adapt to current and emerging
customer experience; the inability to protect our physical and non-physical assets        environmental impacts, including climate change; pandemics, epidemics and other
from events such as information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry, fire      health risks, including health concerns about radio frequency emissions from
and natural disasters; the failure to implement an effective data governance              wireless communications devices and equipment; the inability to adequately manage
framework; the failure to attract, develop and retain a diverse and talented team         social issues; the failure to develop and implement sufficient corporate governance
capable of furthering our strategic imperatives and high-tech transformation; the         practices; the adverse impact of various internal and external factors on our ability to
potential deterioration in employee morale and engagement resulting from staff            achieve our ESG targets including, without limitation, those related to GHG
reductions, cost reductions or reorganizations and the de-prioritization of               emissions reduction and DEIB.
transformation initiatives due to staff reductions, cost reductions or reorganizations;
the failure to adequately manage health and safety concerns; labour disruptions           These and other risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ
and shortages; the risk that we may need to incur significant capital expenditures        materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking
to provide additional capacity and reduce network congestion; service interruptions       statements are discussed in this MD&A and, in particular, in section 9, Business
or outages due to network failures or slowdowns; events affecting the functionality       risks of this MD&A.
of, and our ability to protect, test, maintain, replace and upgrade, our networks,        Forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A for periods beyond 2024 involve
information technology (IT) systems, equipment and other facilities; the failure by       longer-term assumptions and estimates than forward-looking statements for 2024
other telecommunications carriers on which we rely to provide services to complete        and are consequently subject to greater uncertainty. Forward-looking statements for
planned and sufficient testing, maintenance, replacement or upgrade of their              periods beyond 2024 further assume, unless otherwise indicated, that the risks
networks, equipment and other facilities, which could disrupt our operations              described above and in section 9, Business risks of this MD&A will remain
including through network or other infrastructure failures; the complexity of our         substantially unchanged during such periods.
operations and IT systems and the failure to implement or maintain highly effective
processes and IT systems; in-orbit and other operational risks to which the               We caution readers that the risk factors described above and in the previously-
satellites used to provide our satellite television (TV) services are subject; the        mentioned section and in other sections of this MD&A are not the only ones that
inability to access adequate sources of capital and generate sufficient cash flows        could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that
from operating activities to meet our cash requirements, fund capital expenditures        we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our
and provide for planned growth; uncertainty as to whether dividends will be               business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation. We regularly
declared or the dividend on common shares will be increased by BCE’s board of             consider potential acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, business combinations,
directors; the failure to reduce costs and adequately assess investment priorities,       investments, monetizations, joint ventures and other transactions, some of which
as well as unexpected increases in costs; the inability to manage various credit,         may be significant. Except as otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements
liquidity and market risks; the failure to evolve practices to effectively monitor and    do not reflect the potential impact of any such transactions or of special items that
control fraudulent activities; new or higher taxes due to new tax laws or changes         may be announced or that may occur after March 7, 2024. The financial impact of
thereto or in the interpretation thereof, and the inability to predict the outcome of     these transactions and special items can be complex and depends on facts
government audits; the impact on our financial statements and estimates from a            particular to each of them. We therefore cannot describe the expected impact in a
number of factors; pension obligation volatility and increased contributions to post-     meaningful way, or in the same way we present known risks affecting our business.
employment benefit plans; our dependence on third-party suppliers, outsourcers
and consultants to provide an uninterrupted supply of the products

                                                                                                                                                                               11
1 MD&A Overview




1                Overview
In 2022, we began modifying our internal and external reporting processes to align        Effective with our Q1 2023 results, our previous Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline
with organizational changes that were made to reflect an increasing strategic focus       operating segments were combined to form a single reporting segment called Bell
on multiproduct sales, the continually increasing technological convergence of our        Communication and Technology Services (Bell CTS). Bell Media remains a distinct
wireless and wireline telecommunications infrastructure and operations driven by          reportable segment and is unaffected. As a result of our reporting changes, prior
the deployment of our Fifth Generation (5G) and fibre networks, and our digital           periods have been restated for comparative purposes.
transformation. These factors have made it increasingly difficult to distinguish
between our wireless and wireline operations and resulted in changes in Q1 2023
to the financial information that is regularly provided to our chief operating decision
maker to measure performance and allocate resources.




1.1            Introduction
At a glance
BCE is Canada’s largest communications company (1), providing residential,                Bell Media provides conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV, streaming services,
business and wholesale customers with a wide range of solutions for all their             digital media services, radio broadcasting services and out-of-home (OOH) and
communications needs. BCE’s shares are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock               advanced advertising services to customers nationally across Canada. Revenues
Exchange and on the New York Stock Exchange (TSX, NYSE: BCE).                             are derived primarily from advertising and subscriber fees.
Our results are reported in two segments: Bell CTS and Bell Media.                        We also hold investments in a number of other assets, including:
Bell CTS provides a wide range of communication products and services to                  • a 37.5% indirect equity interest in Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE)
consumers, businesses and government customers across Canada. Wireless                    • a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel Inc. (Glentel)
products and services include mobile data and voice plans and devices and are
available nationally. Wireline products and services comprise data (including             • a 20.2% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal Canadiens
Internet access, Internet protocol television (IPTV), cloud-based services and              Hockey Club, evenko and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec, as well as Place
business solutions), voice, and other communication services and products, which            Bell in Laval, Québec
are available to our residential, small and medium-sized business and large
enterprise customers primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to business customers are
available nationally across Canada. In addition, this segment includes our
wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long distance, data and
                                                                                          BCE is Canada’s largest
other services from or to resellers and other carriers, as well as the results of
operations of our national consumer electronics retailer, The Source (Bell)
                                                                                          communications company
Electronics Inc. (The Source). Subsequent to year end, Bell Canada announced a
strategic partnership with Best Buy Canada to operate 165 The Source consumer             BCE’s business segments
electronics retail stores in Canada, which will be rebranded as Best Buy Express          At December 31, 2023
and offer the latest in consumer electronics from Best Buy along with exclusive
telecommunications services from Bell. In addition, Bell will wind down The Source
head office and back office operations, as well as close 107 The Source stores.




(1) Based on total revenue and total combined customer connections.

12        BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


Our purpose
BCE’s purpose is to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world. Our strategy builds on our longstanding strengths in networks, service innovation and
content creation, and positions the company for continued growth and innovation leadership. Our primary business objectives are to grow our subscriber base profitably and
to maximize revenues, operating profit, free cash flow and return on invested capital by further enhancing our position as the foremost provider in Canada of comprehensive
communications services to residential, business and wholesale customers, and as Canada’s leading content creation company. We seek to take advantage of opportunities
to leverage our networks, infrastructure, sales channels, and brand and marketing resources across our various lines of business to create value for our customers and other
stakeholders.
Our strategy is centred on our disciplined focus and execution of six strategic imperatives that position us to deliver continued success in a fast-changing communications
marketplace. The six strategic imperatives that underlie BCE’s business plan are:

Bell’s
six strategic
imperatives




We have begun our journey to modernize from a traditional telecommunications             • Enable customers to be served on their timeline through simple sales and support
company (telco) to a technology services and digital media company (collectively           interactions across the channel of their choosing (e.g., online, call centre, store)
referred to as techco). Innovation is driving customer expectations for enhanced
                                                                                         • Access to new and better products, services and solutions on an accelerated basis
user experiences, improved customer service, and faster market responses, all of
                                                                                           tailored to meet customers’ evolving needs and expectations
which are improved by our transformation to a techco. Our evolution to a techco
takes a customer-first approach and specifically sets out to deliver incremental         To support and accelerate this evolution, we launched a multi-year operational
value to our customers:                                                                  transformation project to modernize our operations, increase productivity, build tech
• Ability for customers to enjoy our products, services, and content on any device in    talent and materially right-size our cost base.
  any location



Our alignment to the International Integrated Reporting Framework
Following the principles of the International Integrated Reporting Framework (<IR> Framework), now part of the International Financial Reporting Standards Foundation, Bell
released, concurrently with this MD&A, an Integrated Annual Report which contains a strategic overview outlining our sustainable value creation process. This strategic
overview discloses how we seek to generate sustainable value for our stakeholders as the result of our business operations, guided by our strategic imperatives and use of
capitals. Our capitals are outlined below and serve as inputs that are transformed through our business strategy and strategic imperatives resulting in outcomes that seek to
create value for our stakeholders over time.




Our                         Our customers                 Our products                  Our                          Our                          Our financial
networks                    and relationships             and services                  environment                  people                       resources
Reliable, accessible        Strong relationships          Innovative and                Responsible                  Skilled, engaged             Capital from our
and affordable              with customers,               compelling products,          environmental                and diverse                  investors, returns
world-class                 communities                   services and media            management                   team members.                on our investments
broadband fibre and         and suppliers.                content addressing            throughout our                                            and free cash flow
wireless networks.                                        societal demands.             operations.                                               generated from our
                                                                                                                                                  operations.

To increase the connectivity of information, we have incorporated the icons representing our six capitals described above throughout this MD&A to highlight the respective
linkage between our capitals and the topics discussed.
                                                                                                                                                                            13
1 MD&A Overview


BCE 2023 consolidated results
Operating revenues                                                             Net earnings                                                                   Adjusted EBITDA (1)


$24,673
million
                                                                               $2,327
                                                                               million
                                                                                                                                                              $10,417
                                                                                                                                                              million
2.1% vs. 2022                                                                  (20.5%) vs. 2022                                                               2.1% vs. 2022




Net earnings attributable                               Adjusted net earnings (1)                                   Cash flows from                                             Free cash flow (1)
to common shareholders                                                                                              operating activities


$2,076
million
                                                        $2,926
                                                        million
                                                                                                                    $7,946
                                                                                                                    million
                                                                                                                                                                                $3,144
                                                                                                                                                                                million
(23.6%) vs. 2022                                        (4.3%) vs. 2022                                             (5.0%) vs. 2022                                             2.5% vs. 2022




BCE customer connections
Total mobile phones (3)                                 Retail high-speed                                           Retail TV (2) (5)                                           Retail residential network
                                                        Internet (2) (4) (5)                                                                                                    access services (NAS) lines (2) (5)


+3.4%
10.3 million subscribers
                                                        +5.0%
                                                        4.5 million subscribers
                                                                                                                    (1.0%)
                                                                                                                    2.7 million subscribers
                                                                                                                                                                                (7.7%)
                                                                                                                                                                                2.0 million subscribers
at the end of 2023                                      at the end of 2023                                          at the end of 2023                                          at the end of 2023




(1) Adjusted EBITDA is a total of segments measure, and adjusted net earnings and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures. See section 11.3, Total of segments measures and section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial
    measures in this MD&A for more information on these measures.
(2) In Q2 2023, our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 35,080, 243 and 7,458 subscribers, respectively, as a result of small acquisitions.
(3) In Q1 2023, we adjusted our mobile phone postpaid subscriber base to remove older non-revenue generating business subscribers of 73,229.
(4) In Q1 2023, subsequent to a review of customer account records, our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base was reduced by 7,347 subscribers.
(5) In Q4 2022, as a result of the acquisition of Distributel Communications Limited (Distributel), our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 128,065, 2,315 and 64,498
    subscribers, respectively.

14         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview



1.2            About BCE
Our 2023 results are reported in two segments: Bell CTS and Bell Media. We describe our products and services by segment in this section, to provide further insight into our
operations.


Our products and services


Bell CTS
Segment description                                                                                                                                               Our brands include
• Provides a wide range of communication products and services to consumers, businesses and government customers
  across Canada.
• Wireless products and services include mobile data and voice plans and devices and are available nationally.
• Wireline products and services comprise data (including Internet access, IPTV, cloud-based services and business
  solutions), voice, and other communication services and products, which are available to our residential, small and
  medium-sized business and large enterprise customers primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
  Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to business customers are available nationally across Canada.
• Includes our wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long distance, data and other services from or to
  resellers and other carriers, and the wireline operations of Northwestel Inc. (Northwestel), which provides
  telecommunications services in Canada’s Northern Territories.
• Includes the results of operations of our national consumer electronics retailer, The Source. Subsequent to year end, Bell
  Canada announced a strategic partnership with Best Buy Canada to operate 165 The Source consumer electronics retail
  stores in Canada, which will be rebranded as Best Buy Express and offer the latest in consumer electronics from Best
  Buy along with exclusive telecommunications services from Bell. In addition, Bell will wind down The Source head office
  and back office operations, as well as close 107 The Source stores.

Our networks and reach                                                                                          • Peak theoretical mobile data access download speeds: 5G+, up to 3 gigabit(s) per
                                                                                                                  second (Gbps) in select markets; 5G, up to 1.7 Gbps (average expected speeds of
We hold wireless spectrum licences, with holdings across various spectrum bands                                   89 to 705 megabits per second (Mbps) in markets across Canada); LTE-A, up to
and regions across Canada, totalling more than 6.4 billion megahertz per                                          1.5 Gbps (average expected speeds of 25 to 325 Mbps) in markets across Canada;
population (MHz-Pop), corresponding to an average of approximately 182                                            LTE, up to 150 Mbps (expected average speeds of 18 to 40 Mbps); high-speed
megahertz (MHz) of spectrum per Canadian (1).                                                                     packet access plus (HSPA+), up to 42 Mbps (expected average speeds of 7 to
The vast majority of our cell towers are connected with fibre, the latest network                                 14 Mbps) (2)
infrastructure technology, for a faster and more reliable connection.                                           • Reverts to LTE/LTE-A technology and speeds when customers are outside 5G and
                                                                                                                  5G+ coverage areas
Our Fourth Generation (4G) Long-term Evolution (LTE) nationwide wireless
broadband network is compatible with global standards and delivers high-quality                                 • Bell also operates a LTE-category M1 (LTE-M) network, which is a subset of our
and reliable voice and high-speed data services coast to coast to virtually all of the                            LTE network, supporting low-power Internet of Things (IoT) applications with
Canadian population. 5G and 5G+ are the next generation of wireless technology,                                   enhanced coverage, longer device battery life and enabling lower costs for IoT
offering faster speeds and lower latency. Our LTE network will be the backbone for                                devices connecting to Bell’s national network. Our LTE-M network is available in
our 5G network as it expands across Canada.                                                                       most Canadian provinces.
• LTE coverage of over 99% of Canada’s population, with LTE Advanced (LTE-A)                                    • Extensive local access network in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
  covering 95% of Canada’s population, and 5G coverage of 86% of Canada’s                                         Manitoba, as well as in Canada’s Northern Territories
  population, with 5G+ covering 51% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                • Fibre-to-the-premise (FTTP) footprint covering over 7 million homes and
                                                                                                                  businesses in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba




(1) Bell secured the right to acquire 3800 MHz spectrum licences in the auction completed in November 2023, which will increase our overall wireless spectrum holdings to more than 8.2 billion MHz-Pop, corresponding to an
    average of approximately 234 MHz of spectrum per Canadian.
(2) Network speeds vary with location, signal and customer device. Compatible device required.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         15
1 MD&A Overview

• Wireless-to-the-premise (WTTP) footprint covering approximately 1 million            Our wireline products and services
  locations primarily in rural areas. WTTP is 5G-capable fixed wireless technology
  delivered over Bell’s LTE wireless network that provides broadband residential       Residential
  Internet access to smaller and underserved communities.                              • Internet: high-speed Internet access through fibre-optic broadband technology,
• Largest Internet protocol (IP) multi-protocol label switching footprint of any         5G-capable WTTP technology or digital subscriber line (DSL) with a wide range of
  Canadian provider, enabling us to offer business customers a virtual private           options, including reliable Wi-Fi, unlimited usage, security services and mobile
  network (VPN) service for IP traffic and to optimize bandwidth for real-time voice     Internet. Our Internet service, marketed as Fibe Internet, offers symmetrical
  and TV                                                                                 download and upload speeds of up to 3 Gbps with FTTP, or download speeds of up
                                                                                         to 100 Mbps with Fibre-to-the-node (FTTN), while our Wireless Home Internet
We have approximately 9,000 retail points of distribution across Canada, including       (WHI) fixed wireless service delivers broadband download speeds of up to 50
approximately 1,000 Bell, Virgin Plus, Lucky Mobile (Lucky) and The Source               Mbps. We also offer Internet service under the Virgin Plus brand offering download
locations, as well as Glentel-operated locations (WIRELESSWAVE, Tbooth                   speeds of up to 300 Mbps.
wireless and WIRELESS etc.) and other third-party dealer and retail locations.
Subsequent to year end, we announced a strategic partnership with Best Buy             • TV: IPTV services (Fibe TV, Fibe TV app and Virgin Plus TV) and satellite TV
Canada to operate 165 The Source consumer electronics retail stores in Canada,           service. Bell’s new Fibe TV service powered by Google Android TV technology
which will be rebranded as Best Buy Express and offer the latest in consumer             provides extensive live and on-demand content options with 4K resolution (4K)
electronics from Best Buy along with exclusive telecommunications services from          picture quality and capabilities and features including access to thousands of apps,
Bell. In addition, Bell will wind down The Source head office and back office            voice remote powered by Google Assistant, universal search, cloud personal video
operations, as well as close 107 The Source stores.                                      recorder (PVR), compact 4K high dynamic range (HDR) receiver and access to the
                                                                                         Fibe TV app. The Fibe TV app live TV streaming service offers live and on-demand
Our wireless products and services                                                       programming on Bell Streamer, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Google Chromecast,
                                                                                         Android TV devices, smartphones, tablets and computers. Bell Streamer is a 4K
• Data and voice plans: From plans focused on affordability to premium services,         HDR streaming device powered by Android TV offering all-in-one access to the
  we have plans that cater to all customer segments, available on either postpaid or     Fibe TV app, support for all major streaming services and access to over 10,000
  prepaid options, including unlimited data, shareable, device financing plans and       apps from Google Play. We also offer an app-based live TV streaming service
  Connect Everything plans. Our services provide fast Internet access for video,         branded as Virgin Plus TV.
  social networking, messaging and mobile applications, as well as a host of call
  features.                                                                            • Home Phone: local telephone service, long distance and advanced calling features

• Specialized plans: for tablets, smartwatches, Connected Car, mobile Internet,        • Smart Home: home security, monitoring and automation services from Bell Smart
  trackers, laptops and security cameras                                                 Home

• Extensive selection of devices: the latest 5G and 5G+ smartphones, tablets,          • Bundles: multi-product bundles of Internet, TV, home phone, mobility and smart
  smartwatches, mobile Internet devices and connected things (Bell Connected             home services with monthly discounts
  Car, trackers, connected home, lifestyle and virtual reality)
                                                                                       Business
• Travel: international roaming in over 230 destinations, with LTE roaming in 211
  destinations and 5G roaming in 87 destinations                                       • Internet and network solutions: through our advanced technologies and
                                                                                         end-to-end network, cloud and security expertise, Bell is a network transformation
• Mobile business solutions: push-to-talk, field service management, worker              partner of choice for Canadian businesses. Our solutions include business Internet,
  safety and mobility management                                                         software-defined solutions, private networks, global networks, managed and
• IoT solutions: fleet management, asset management, smart supply chain,                 professional services.
  building and site management, municipal operations, integrated smart city            • Voice and Collaboration: we offer a variety of voice and collaboration solutions,
  ecosystem with Esri                                                                    including unified communications as a service (UCaaS), traditional local and long
                                                                                         distance phone services, cloud-based voice over IP (VoIP) services and advanced
                                                                                         solutions with custom calling features
                                                                                       • Cloud: Bell supports every stage of businesses’ cloud journey with cloud, network
                                                                                         and security expertise, an advanced partner ecosystem and advanced hybrid multi-
                                                                                         cloud solutions. Our cloud solutions include professional and managed services,
                                                                                         public multi-access edge computing (MEC) with Amazon Web Services (AWS)
                                                                                         Wavelength, cloud connect, and backup and disaster recovery.
                                                                                       • Security: we offer a full suite of solutions to address businesses’ security
                                                                                         concerns, including network security, cloud security and managed and professional
                                                                                         services
                                                                                       • Contact centre: we offer scalable, cloud-based contact centre solutions that
                                                                                         include artificial intelligence (AI)-enhanced features, enabling omnichannel
                                                                                         experiences and flexible, hybrid work styles


16      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview

Bell Media
Segment description                                                                Our brands include
• Canada’s leading content creation company with premier assets in TV,
  radio and OOH, monetized through traditional and digital platforms
• Revenues are derived primarily from advertising and subscriber fees
 • Conventional TV, radio and OOH revenues are derived from
  advertising
 • Specialty TV revenue is generated from subscription fees and
   advertising
 • Pay TV revenue is derived from subscription fees
 • Direct-to-consumer (DTC) streaming services revenue is derived from
   subscription fees and advertising


Our assets and reach                                                                    • Warner Bros. Discovery: Crave extended a long-term licensing agreement with
                                                                                          Warner Bros. Discovery that sees Crave continuing to be the home of HBO and
TV                                                                                        Max Originals, as well as new cable series, library television series, and pay and
                                                                                          post-pay window rights for Warner Bros. films. The agreement also feeds CTV,
• 35 conventional TV stations including CTV, Canada’s #1 network for 22
                                                                                          CTV.ca, the CTV app, and Bell Media’s suite of Specialty channels with Warner
  consecutive years, #1 Canadian advertising-based video on demand (AVOD)
                                                                                          Bros. Discovery’s iconic content.
  platform CTV.ca and leading digital news destination CTVNews.ca, and the
  French-language Noovo network in Québec, including its popular AVOD platform          • STARZ: long-term agreement with Lionsgate for premium STARZ programming in
  and digital news destination Noovo.info                                                 Canada
• 26 specialty TV channels, including TSN, Canada’s sports leader and RDS, the          • iHeartRadio: exclusive partnership for digital and streaming music services in
  top French-language sports network                                                      Canada
• 4 pay TV services and 5 streaming services, including Crave, the exclusive home
  of HBO and Max Originals in Canada, TSN and RDS                                       Other assets
                                                                                        • Equity interest in Dome Productions Partnership, one of North America’s leading
Radio                                                                                     providers of sports and other event production and broadcast facilities
• 103 licensed radio stations in 58 markets across Canada, all available through        • Montréal’s Octane Racing Group Inc., promoter of the F1 Canadian Grand Prix, the
  iHeartRadio.ca and the iHeartRadio Canada app alongside an extensive                    largest annual sports and tourism event in the country
  catalogue of podcasts. In June 2023, Bell Media announced its intent to divest 3
  of the 103 radio stations and on February 8, 2024, Bell Media announced its           • Minority interest in Montréal’s Grandé Studios, a Montréal-based multipurpose TV,
  intent to divest an additional 45 of its radio stations to seven buyers, subject to     film and equipment company which provides production facilities, equipment
  Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) review               rentals, and technical services
  and other closing conditions.
                                                                                        Our products and services
OOH advertising                                                                         • Varied and extensive array of video content to broadcast distributors across
• Network of strategically located advertising faces spanning across the country in       Canada
  20 of Canada’s largest cities                                                         • Advertising on our TV, radio, digital and OOH properties to both local and national
                                                                                          advertisers across a wide range of industry sectors
Broadcast rights
                                                                                        • Crave bilingual subscription-based on-demand premium video streaming service
• Sports: long-term media rights to key sports properties and official Canadian           offering a large collection of premium content in one place, including HBO, Max,
  broadcaster of the Super Bowl, Grey Cup and International Ice Hockey                    STARZ, and original French-language programming, on set-top boxes (STBs),
  Federation (IIHF) World Junior Championship. Live sports coverage includes the          mobile devices, streaming devices and online. Crave is offered through a number
  Toronto Maple Leafs, Montréal Canadiens, Winnipeg Jets and Ottawa Senators,             of Canadian TV providers, and is available directly to all Canadian Internet
  Canadian Football League (CFL), National Football League (NFL), National                subscribers as an OTT service.
  Basketball Association (NBA), Professional Women’s Hockey League (PWHL),
  Major League Soccer (MLS), Fédération Internationale de Football Association          • TSN, TSN+, and RDS streaming services offering live and on-demand TSN and
  (FIFA) World Cup events, Curling’s Season of Champions, Major League                    RDS content directly to consumers through an annual or monthly subscription on
  Baseball (MLB), Golf’s Majors, NASCAR, Formula 1 (F1), Grand Slam Tennis,               computers, tablets, mobile devices, Apple TV and other streaming devices
  National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) March Madness, and more.


                                                                                                                                                                          17
1 MD&A Overview

Other BCE investments
BCE also holds investments in a number of other assets, including:
• a 37.5% indirect equity interest in MLSE, a sports and entertainment company that owns several sports teams, including the Toronto Maple
  Leafs, the Toronto Raptors, Toronto FC and the Toronto Argonauts, as well as real estate and entertainment assets in Toronto
• a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel, a Canadian-based connected services retailer
• a 20.2% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal Canadiens Hockey Club, evenko (a promoter and producer of cultural and
  sports events) and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec, as well as Place Bell in Laval, Québec



Our people


Employees
At the end of 2023, our team
consisted of 45,132 employees, an
increase of 522 employees,
compared to the 44,610 employees
at the end of 2022, driven by the
acquisition of FX Innovation in June
2023, and other small acquisitions
made during the year, along with
greater hiring at our customer service
centres, partly offset by natural
attrition, retirements and workforce
reductions.
Approximately 42% of total BCE
employees were represented by
labour unions at December 31, 2023.

Bell code of business conduct
The ethical business conduct of our people is core to the integrity with which we operate our business. The Bell Code of Business Conduct sets out specific expectations and
accountabilities, providing employees with practical guidelines to conduct business in an ethical manner. Our commitment to the Code of Business Conduct is renewed by
employees each year in an ongoing effort to ensure that all employees are aware of, and adhere to, Bell’s standards of conduct.



1.3         Key corporate developments

This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to BCE’s capital expenditures and network deployment plans, the cost savings and other benefits
expected to result from workforce reductions as well as estimated related severance payments, the expected timing and completion of the proposed acquisition of the
Canadian OOH media business of OUTFRONT Media Inc. and the benefits expected to result therefrom, and our objectives and plans. Refer to the section Caution
regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.


Reduction in capital expenditures and fibre expansion
Further to the CRTC decision of November 6, 2023 that imposed an interim aggregated access to FTTP facilities obligation, Bell announced its intention to reduce capital
expenditures by over $1 billion over 2024 and 2025 combined, including a minimum of $500 million in 2024, that the company had planned to invest in bringing high-speed
fibre Internet to hundreds of thousands of additional homes and businesses in rural, suburban and urban communities. This reduction is in addition to Bell investing
$105 million less than planned in Q4 2023 as a result of the CRTC’s decision. Prior to the decision, Bell’s near-term plan was to build high-speed fibre to 9 million locations
by the end of 2025. As a direct result of federal government policies and the CRTC’s decision that discourages network investment, Bell is slowing the pace of fibre footprint
expansion to a near-term target of 8.3 million locations by the end of 2025 and capping fibre speeds at 3 Gbps.
18      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


Workforce restructuring
In light of an operating environment that is being reshaped by increasingly unsupportive federal government policies and regulatory decisions, an economy with high interest
rates and continued inflation, increasing competition, and evolving consumer preferences, Bell is taking action to lower its cost structure and align costs to the revenue
potential of each business segment. This includes Bell’s largest workforce restructuring initiative in nearly 30 years, that will result in the reduction of our workforce by
approximately 4,800 positions, or 9% of all BCE employees in 2024. These workforce reductions are expected to yield in-year cost savings of $150 million to $200 million for
2024, or $250 million on an annualized basis. Severance payments related to the restructuring initiative could amount to up to approximately $400 million.


Acquisition of 3800 MHz wireless spectrum
Bell secured additional mid-band spectrum licences through Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada (ISED)’s 3800 MHz spectrum auction completed in
November 2023, to continue bringing fast and reliable 5G+ wireless service to more people and businesses across Canada. Bell secured 939 licences covering 1.77 billion
MHz-Pop of 3800 MHz spectrum for $518 million. This acquisition complements Bell’s existing 3500 MHz spectrum holdings, providing the company with 100 MHz of 3500
MHz and 3800 MHz cross-band spectrum across approximately 99% of Canada’s population. Bell will have access to an industry-leading 3.5 billion MHz-Pop of 5G+
spectrum (combining the 3500 MHz and 3800 MHz spectrum bands), acquired at a total cost of $2.78 billion, the lowest among national wireless carriers.


Strategic partnership with Best Buy Canada
On January 18, 2024, Bell announced a strategic partnership with Best Buy Canada to operate 165 The Source consumer electronics retail stores in Canada, which will be
rebranded as Best Buy Express. Bell will be the exclusive telecommunications provider, selling wireless and wireline (in footprint) services from its Bell, Virgin Plus and Lucky
Mobile brands, as well as remain responsible for store operations and labour. Best Buy will assume responsibility for the consumer electronics assortment and procurement,
as well as branding, marketing and e-commerce. Best Buy Express is expected to open locations across Canada starting in the second half of 2024. On February 8, 2024,
Bell announced that with the strengths of Best Buy’s buying power and supply chain, Bell will wind down The Source head office and back office operations, as well as close
107 The Source stores.


Proposed acquisition of Canadian out-of-home media business of OUTFRONT
Media Inc.
On October 23, 2023, Bell Media announced it plans to acquire the Canadian out-of-home media business of OUTFRONT Media Inc. The transaction is valued at
$410 million, subject to certain adjustments, and is expected to close in the first half of 2024, subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions. The acquisition of
the Canadian out-of-home media business of OUTFRONT Media Inc. is expected to support Bell Media’s digital media strategy and to deliver impactful, multi-channel
marketing solutions coast-to-coast. The results of the Canadian out-of-home media business of OUTFRONT Media Inc. will be included in our Bell Media segment.


Curtis Millen appointed as Chief Financial Officer
On September 1, 2023, Curtis Millen became Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of BCE and Bell Canada following the retirement of Glen LeBlanc
from such position. A Bell leader since 2008, Mr. Millen was most recently Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Treasurer, head of Bell Ventures and President of
Bimcor Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bell that is one of the largest private sector pension fund management companies in Canada. Glen LeBlanc remains as Special
Advisor and Vice-Chair, Bell Atlantic, and maintains his position as Chair of Northwestel and as Board member and Chair of the Audit Committee for MLSE.


Bell Media leadership change
On November 1, 2023, Sean Cohan assumed leadership of Bell Media and joined the BCE leadership team, following the retirement of Wade Oosterman as President of Bell
Media. Mr. Cohan joined Bell Media after having progressed through increasingly senior executive responsibilities in his time in media and consumer businesses, including a
15-year tenure at A+E Networks ultimately in the role of President, International and Digital Media. He and his A+E teams are credited with driving global content, digital, and
commercial transformation and notable growth across the business.
                                                                                                                                                                              19
1 MD&A Overview



1.4            Capital markets strategy

This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to BCE’s dividend growth objective, 2024 annualized common share dividend and dividend payout ratio
level, and dividend payout policy target, BCE’s financial policy target, anticipated capital expenditures and network deployment plans, and our business outlook, objectives
and plans. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.
We seek to deliver shareholder returns through dividend growth. This objective is underpinned by substantial free cash flow generation and a strong balance sheet,
supporting ongoing capital investment on advanced broadband networks and services that are essential to driving the long-term growth of our business.


Dividend growth and payout policy
Dividend yield (1)                                                           2024 dividend increase                                              Dividend payout (2) policy


7.4%
in 2023
                                                                             +3.1%
                                                                             to $3.99 per common share
                                                                                                                                                 65%–75%
                                                                                                                                                 of free cash flow


On February 8, 2024, we announced a 3.1%, or 12 cents, increase in the                                             As at December 31, 2023, our dividend payout ratio was 111%, compared to 108%
annualized dividend payable on BCE’s common shares for 2024 to $3.99 per                                           at December 31, 2022, which is higher than our policy range due to elevated capital
share from $3.87 per share in 2023, starting with the quarterly dividend payable on                                expenditures compared to pre-2020 annual levels as we continued to make
April 15, 2024.                                                                                                    generational investments in our networks to support the buildout of our fibre, 5G and
                                                                                                                   5G+ network infrastructure. Although a significant reduction in capital expenditures is
Our objective seeks to achieve dividend growth while maintaining our dividend                                      planned in 2024, due largely to government policy, they are expected to remain
payout ratio within the target policy range of 65% to 75% of free cash flow and                                    higher than pre-2020 annual levels. In addition, free cash flow in 2024 will be
balancing our strategic business priorities. BCE’s dividend payout policy, increases                               adversely impacted by significantly higher severance payments related to workforce
in the common share dividend and the declaration of dividends are subject to the                                   restructuring initiatives, higher interest paid and lower cash from working capital. As
discretion of the BCE Board of Directors (BCE Board) and, consequently, there can                                  a result, BCE’s dividend payout ratio will remain above our target policy range in
be no guarantee that BCE’s dividend policy will be maintained or achieved, that the                                2024.
dividend on common shares will be increased or that dividends will be declared.



Executive compensation alignment
BCE is focused on a pay-for-performance approach for all team members,                                             The mix of vehicles awarded under BCE’s long-term incentive plan favours the
including our executives. In order to attract, motivate and retain top talent, the                                 execution of multiple objectives. They are structured to create sustainable value for
company offers a competitive total compensation package.                                                           shareholders by attracting, motivating and retaining the executive officers needed to
                                                                                                                   drive the business strategy, and rewarding them for delivering on our goal of
• Base salary: rewards the scope and responsibilities of a position, with target
                                                                                                                   advancing how Canadians connect with each other and the world, through the
  positioning at the median of our comparator group.
                                                                                                                   successful execution of our six strategic imperatives. We have strong alignment of
• Annual incentive: encourages strong performance against yearly corporate and                                     interest between shareholders and management through our equity-based incentive
  individual objectives.                                                                                           plans.
• Long-term incentive: aligns with long-term interests of shareholders.


Best practices                                          • Stringent share ownership requirements

adopted by                                              • Emphasis on pay at risk for executive compensation
BCE for executive                                       • Double trigger change-in-control policy
compensation                                            • Anti-hedging policy on share ownership and incentive compensation
                                                        • Clawbacks for the President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and all
                                                          Executive Vice-Presidents as well as all option holders
                                                        • Caps on BCE supplemental executive retirement plans and annual bonus
                                                          payouts, in addition to long-term incentive grants
                                                        • Vesting criteria aligned to shareholder interests




(1) Annualized dividend per BCE common share divided by BCE’s share price at the end of the year.
(2) Dividend payout ratio is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to section 11.2, Non-GAAP ratios in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

20         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


Capital markets priorities
Consistent with our capital markets objective to deliver shareholder returns through                             In 2023, excess free cash flow (1) was negative $342 million, down from negative
dividend growth, while maintaining appropriate levels of capital investment,                                     $245 million in 2022. The year-over-year decrease was primarily attributable to lower
investment-grade credit ratings and considerable overall financial flexibility, we                               cash flows from operating activities of $7,946 million, which decreased by
deploy excess free cash flow and divestiture proceeds, when available, in a                                      $419 million year over year, mainly due to lower cash from working capital, in part
balanced manner and on uses that include, but are not limited to:                                                from timing of supplier payments, and higher interest paid. These factors were partly
                                                                                                                 offset by higher adjusted EBITDA and lower contributions to post-employment
• Funding of strategic acquisitions and investments (including wireless spectrum
                                                                                                                 benefit plans.
  purchases) that support the growth of our business
• Debt reduction
• Share buybacks through normal course issuer bid programs



Total shareholder return performance
Five-year total                                                                   One-year total
shareholder return (2)                                                            shareholder return (2)


+29.5%                                                                            (6.2%)
2019–2023                                                                        2023


Five-year cumulative total value of a $100 investment (3)
December 31, 2018 – December 31, 2023

                                                                                                                 This graph compares the yearly change in the cumulative annual total shareholder
                                                                                                                 return of BCE common shares against the cumulative annual total return of the S&P
                                                                                                                 Global Ratings Canada (S&P)/TSX Composite Index (4), for the five-year period
                                                                                                                 ending December 31, 2023, assuming an initial investment of $100 on
                                                                                                                 December 31, 2018 and the quarterly reinvestment of all dividends.




(1) Excess free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures in this MD&A for more information on this measure.
(2) Shareholder return is defined as the change in BCE’s common share price for a specified period plus BCE common share dividends reinvested, divided by BCE’s common share price at the beginning of the period.
(3) Based on BCE’s common share price on the TSX and assuming the reinvestment of dividends.
(4) As the headline index for the Canadian equity market, the S&P/TSX Composite Index is the primary gauge against which to measure total shareholder return for Canadian-based, TSX-listed companies.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                     21
1 MD&A Overview


Strong capital structure
BCE’s balance sheet is underpinned by a healthy available liquidity (1) position of $5.8 billion at the end of 2023, comprised of $547 million in cash, $225 million in cash
equivalents, $1,000 million in short-term investments, $700 million available under our securitized receivables program and $3.3 billion available under our $3.5 billion
committed revolving and expansion credit facilities, and an investment-grade credit profile, providing the company with a solid financial foundation and a high level of overall
financial flexibility. BCE has an attractive long-term debt maturity profile with all 2024 maturities already pre-funded. We continue to monitor the capital markets for
opportunities to lower our cost of debt and optimize our cost of capital. We seek to proactively manage financial risk in terms of currency exposure of our U.S. dollar-
denominated purchases, as well as equity risk exposure under BCE’s long-term equity-based incentive plans and interest rate and foreign currency exposure under our
various debt instruments. We also seek to maintain investment-grade credit ratings with stable outlooks.

Attractive long-term public                                                   Strong liquidity position (2)                                                     Investment-grade
debt maturity profile                                                         • $3.3 billion available under our $3.5 billion multi-                            credit profile (2) (3)
• Average term of Bell Canada’s publicly issued                                 year committed credit facilities                                                • Long-term debt credit rating of BBB (high) by
  debt securities: approximately 12 years (2)                                 • $700 million receivables securitization available                                 DBRS Limited (DBRS), Baa 1 by Moody’s
                                                                                capacity                                                                          Investors Service, Inc. (Moody’s) and BBB+ by
• Average after-tax cost of publicly issued debt
                                                                                                                                                                  S&P, all with stable outlooks
  securities: 3.0% (2)                                                        • $547 million cash
• All publicly issued debt securities maturing in                             • $225 million cash equivalents
  2024 already pre-funded
                                                                              • $1,000 million short-term investments

We monitor our capital structure by utilizing a number of measures, principally net                                   BCE’s adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio (1) at the end of 2023
debt leverage ratio and dividend payout ratio.                                                                        was 6.94 times adjusted EBITDA, which was below our internal target of greater
                                                                                                                      than 7.5 times adjusted EBITDA due to an increase in interest expense in 2023
At December 31, 2023, our net debt leverage ratio (1) was 3.48 times adjusted                                         attributable to higher average debt balances and higher interest rates. Given the
EBITDA, an increase from 3.30 times adjusted EBITDA at December 31, 2022,                                             correlation between this ratio and the net debt leverage ratio, we are simplifying our
due mostly to ongoing elevated capital expenditures. These leverage levels                                            internal targets to reflect the net debt leverage ratio only and will not report against
exceeded our internal target range of 2.0 to 2.5 times adjusted EBITDA as we                                          the adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio target in the future. We
have been in a cycle of strategically accelerating our pace of capital expenditures                                   believe that this ratio is of less relative importance to our investors, lenders and
to advance our network and transformation investments, acquiring wireless                                             other stakeholders as a measure of the strength of our capital structure.
spectrum, financing a number of strategic acquisitions and making voluntary
pension plan funding contributions. As well, our net debt leverage ratio was                                                                                                             Internal   December 31,       December 31,
adversely affected by COVID-19 impacts on our business and the adoption of                                            BCE credit ratios                                                    target          2023               2022
IFRS 16 that added $2.3 billion of lease liabilities to net debt (1) on our balance                                   Net debt leverage ratio                                                 3.0              3.48              3.30
sheet on January 1, 2019. Our objective is to see our net debt leverage ratio
decline over time to be in the range of 3.0 times adjusted EBITDA. While currently                                    Adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio                  n/a              6.94              8.50
in excess of this level, our net debt leverage ratio is still consistent with a strong
balance sheet, ample financial flexibility and investment grade credit ratings.                                       Bell Canada successfully accessed the debt capital markets in February 2023, May
                                                                                                                      2023, August 2023 and November 2023, raising a total of $3.5 billion in gross
This new objective is higher than the previous target for our net debt leverage ratio,                                proceeds from the issuance in Canada of medium-term note (MTN) debentures, and
which was established several years ago. Since that time, our leverage level has                                      $850 million in U.S. dollars ($1,138 million in Canadian dollars) in gross proceeds
largely exceeded that target and yet we have maintained adequate financial                                            from the issuance of notes in the U.S. Both the Canadian-dollar and U.S.-dollar
flexibility through various market conditions. Moreover, at the time of setting our                                   issuances contributed to maintaining our after-tax cost of outstanding publicly issued
previous targets, we had sizeable pension funding deficits. We currently have                                         debt securities relatively stable at approximately 3.0% (4.1% on a pre-tax basis) and
sizeable surpluses. While pension funding deficits and surpluses are not factored                                     the average term to maturity at approximately 12 years. The net proceeds of the
into the net debt leverage ratio, the deficits represented a potential future cash                                    2023 offerings were used to fund the repayment of Bell Canada’s $1 billion 2.70%
funding requirement while the current surpluses allow us to take contribution                                         Series M-44 MTN debentures, to repay short-term debt and for general corporate
holidays, enhancing our financial flexibility. We believe the new objective of 3.0                                    purposes.
times adjusted EBITDA is reflective of our operational size and strength, an
optimized cost of capital, and is aligned with the expectations of our investors,
lenders and other stakeholders.




(1) Available liquidity and net debt are non-GAAP financial measures and net debt leverage ratio and adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio are capital management measures. See section 11.1, Non-GAAP
    financial measures and section 11.4, Capital management measures in this MD&A for more information on these measures.
(2) As at December 31, 2023
(3) These credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of the securities referred to, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the rating
    agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor. Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.

22         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview

Subsequent to year end, on February 15, 2024, Bell Canada issued 5.200% Series        repayment at maturity of Bell Canada’s US $600 million US-3 Notes due on
US-9 Notes with a principal amount of $700 million in U.S. dollars ($942 million in   March 17, 2024, to fund the remaining payment for the 3800 MHz spectrum licences
Canadian dollars), which mature on February 15, 2034. Additionally, on the same       secured by Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility) through the Canadian government’s 3800
date, Bell Canada issued 5.550% Series US-10 Notes with a principal amount of         MHz spectrum auction, and other general corporate purposes, which may include
$750 million in U.S. dollars ($1,009 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on    the repayment of short-term debt.
February 15, 2054. The net proceeds of the offering are intended to be used for
the




1.5         Corporate governance and risk management
Corporate governance philosophy
The Board and management of BCE believe that strong corporate governance practices contribute to superior results in creating and maintaining shareholder value. That is
why we continually seek to strengthen our corporate governance practices and ethical business conduct by aiming to adopt best practices, and providing full transparency
and accountability to our shareholders. The Board is responsible for the supervision of the business and affairs of the company.
Below are our key Board information and governance best practices:


  ✓    Directors are ALL Independent (except CEO)                                        ✓    Directors’ Tenure Guidelines

99.6% 2023 Board and Committee Director Attendance Record                                ✓    Board Renewal: 7 Non-Executive Director
                                                                                              Nominees < 7 Years Tenure
  ✓    Board Committee Members are All Independent
                                                                                         ✓    Share Ownership Guideline for Directors and Executives
  ✓    Board Diversity Policy and Target for Gender Representation
                                                                                         ✓    Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Program
  ✓    Annual Election of All Directors
                                                                                         ✓    Annual Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation
  ✓    Directors Elected Individually
                                                                                         ✓    Formal Board Evaluation Process
  ✓    Majority Voting for Directors
                                                                                         ✓    Board Risk Oversight Practices
  ✓    Separate Chair and CEO
                                                                                         ✓    ESG Strategy Reviewed by Board
  ✓    Board Interlocks Guidelines
                                                                                         ✓    Robust Succession Planning


For more information, please refer to BCE’s most recent notice of annual general shareholder meeting and management proxy circular (the Proxy Circular) filed with the
Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities (available at sedarplus.ca) and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (available at sec.gov), and
available on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.


Risk governance framework
Board oversight
BCE’s full Board is entrusted with the responsibility for identifying and
overseeing the principal risks to which our business is exposed and seeking to
ensure there are processes in place to effectively identify, monitor and manage
them. These processes seek to mitigate rather than eliminate risk. A risk is the
possibility that an event might happen in the future that could have a negative
effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or
reputation. While the Board has overall responsibility for risk, the responsibility
for certain elements of the risk oversight program is delegated to Board
committees in order to ensure that they are treated with appropriate expertise,
attention and diligence, with reporting to the Board on a regular basis.




                                                                                                                                                                       23
1 MD&A Overview

Risk information is reviewed by the Board or the relevant committee throughout the         functions, while also providing the Audit Committee, and other Board committees as
year, and business leaders present regular updates on the execution of business            required, with an independent perspective on the state of risk and control within the
strategies, risks and mitigation.                                                          organization. Collectively, these elements can be thought of as a “three lines”
                                                                                           approach to risk management. Although the risk management framework described
• The Risk and Pension Fund Committee has oversight responsibility for the
                                                                                           in this section 1.5 is aligned with industry practices, there can be no assurance that it
  organization’s risk governance framework, which exists to identify, assess,
                                                                                           will be sufficient to prevent the occurrence of events that could have a material
  mitigate and report key risks to which BCE is exposed. As part of its Charter, the
                                                                                           adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or
  Risk and Pension Fund Committee is tasked with oversight of risks relating to
                                                                                           reputation.
  business continuity plans, work stoppage and disaster recovery plans, regulatory
  and public policy, information management and privacy, information security
  (including cyber security), physical security, fraud, vendor and supply chain
  management, ESG (including climate change), the pension fund, network
  resiliency and other risks as required. The Risk and Pension Fund Committee
  receives reports on security matters, including information security (including
  cyber security), and on environmental matters, each quarter.
• The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the integrity of our financial
  statements and related information, management’s assessment and reporting on
  the effectiveness of internal controls, and risk processes as they relate to financial
  reporting.
• The Management Resources and Compensation Committee (Compensation
  Committee) oversees risks relating to compensation, succession planning and
  workplace policies and practices.
• The Corporate Governance Committee (Governance Committee) assists the
  Board in developing and implementing BCE’s corporate governance principles
  and guidelines, identifying individuals qualified to become members of the Board,
  and determining the composition of the Board and its committees. The
  Governance Committee is responsible for oversight of our ESG strategy
  (including climate change strategy and climate-related matters, and supply chain
  labour issues), and its integration within our overall business strategy, and
  disclosure. The Governance Committee is also responsible for oversight of the
  company’s policies concerning business conduct, ethics, public disclosure of
  material information and AI governance.

Risk management culture
There is a strong culture of risk management at BCE that is actively promoted by           First line – operational business units
the Board, the Risk and Pension Fund Committee and the President and CEO, at
all levels within the organization. It is a part of how the company operates on a          The first line refers to management within our operational business units, who are
day-to-day basis and is woven into its structure and operating principles, guiding         expected to understand their operations in great detail and the financial results that
the implementation of the organization’s strategic imperatives.                            underpin them. There are regular reviews of operating performance involving the
                                                                                           organization’s executive and senior management. The discipline and precision
The President and CEO, selected by the Board, has set his strategic focus through          associated with this process, coupled with the alignment and focus around
the establishment of six strategic imperatives and focuses risk management                 performance goals, creates a high degree of accountability and transparency in
around the factors that could impact the achievement of those strategic                    support of our risk management practices.
imperatives. While the constant state of change in the economic environment and
the industry creates challenges that need to be managed, clarity around strategic          As risks emerge in the business environment, they are discussed in a number of
objectives, performance expectations, risk management and integrity in execution           regular forums to share details and explore their relevance across the organization.
ensures discipline and balance in all aspects of our business.                             Executive and senior management are integral to these activities in driving the
                                                                                           identification, assessment, mitigation and reporting of risks at all levels. Formal risk
Risk management framework                                                                  reporting occurs through strategic planning sessions, management presentations to
                                                                                           the Board and formal enterprise risk reporting, which is shared with the Board and
While the Board is responsible for BCE’s risk oversight program, operational               the Risk and Pension Fund Committee during the year.
business units are central to the proactive identification and management of risk.
They are supported by a range of corporate support functions that provide                  Management is also responsible for maintaining effective internal controls and for
independent expertise to reinforce implementation of risk management approaches            executing risk and control procedures on a day-to-day basis. Each operational
in collaboration with the operational business units. The Internal Audit function          business unit develops its own operating controls and procedures that fit the needs
provides a further element of expertise and assurance, working to provide insight          of its unique environment.
and support to the operational business units and corporate support
                                                                                           Second line – corporate support functions
                                                                                           BCE is a very large enterprise, with 45,132 employees as at December 31, 2023,
                                                                                           multiple business units and a diverse portfolio of risks that is constantly evolving
                                                                                           based on internal and external factors. In a large organization, it is common to
                                                                                           manage certain functions centrally for

24       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview

efficiency, scale and consistency. While the first line is often central to identification   Corporate Risk Management function: This function works across the company to
and management of business risks, in many instances operational management                   gather information and report on the organization’s assessment of its principal risks
works collaboratively with, and also relies on, the corporate functions that make up         and the related exposures. Annually, senior management participate in a risk survey
the second line of support in these areas. These corporate functions include                 that provides an important reference point in the overall risk assessment process.
Regulatory, Finance, Corporate Security, Corporate Risk Management, Legal,
Corporate Responsibility, Human Resources, Real Estate and Procurement.                      In addition to the activities described above, the second line is also critical in building
                                                                                             and operating the oversight mechanisms that bring focus to relevant areas of risk
Regulatory function: This function is responsible for the regulatory portfolio,              and reinforce the bridges between the first and second lines, thereby seeking to
including an expanding range of obligations set out in new privacy and data                  ensure that there is a clear understanding of emerging risks, their relevance to the
protection laws being enacted in Canada and around the world. BCE has                        organization and the proposed mitigation plans.
developed, and maintains, an enhanced Data Governance Policy that
encompasses the protection and appropriate use of data across its life cycle. A              To further coordinate efforts between the first and second lines, BCE has established
significant element of the data governance program relies on the Corporate                   a Health and Safety, Security, Environment and Compliance Oversight Committee
Security activities outlined below and these two functions work jointly with data            (HSSEC Committee). A significant number of BCE’s most senior leaders are
owners, data custodians and other relevant employees to seek to ensure this                  members of the HSSEC Committee, the purpose of which is to oversee BCE’s
policy is appropriately implemented. We recognize that a strong and consistently             strategic security (including information security), compliance, environmental, and
applied approach to data governance is essential to maintaining the social licence           health and safety risks and opportunities. This cross-functional committee seeks to
necessary to achieve our business objectives. For more information on our                    ensure that relevant risks are adequately recognized and mitigation activities are
approach to privacy and data security, refer to section 1.6, Capitals and our                well integrated and aligned across the organization and are supported with sufficient
corporate responsibility, in this MD&A.                                                      resources. The HSSEC Committee also mandates the company’s Energy Board, a
                                                                                             working group composed of business unit employees, including vice-presidents and
Finance function: BCE’s Finance function plays a pivotal role in seeking to                  directors, to ensure oversight of our overall energy consumption and costs with the
identify, assess and manage risks through a number of activities, which include              objective of minimizing financial and reputational risks while maximizing business
financial performance management, external reporting, pension management,                    opportunities. The Energy Board also oversees the progress made towards meeting
capital management, and oversight and execution practices related to the U.S.                our GHG emissions reduction and supplier engagement targets. In addition, the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and equivalent Canadian securities legislation,                   company’s Climate Resiliency Task Force, composed of senior vice-presidents, vice-
including the establishment and maintenance of appropriate internal control over             presidents, directors and managers, reports to the HSSEC Committee and assists in
financial reporting. BCE has also established and maintains disclosure controls              building a climate resiliency governance to seek to address the potential impacts of
and procedures to seek to ensure that the information it publicly discloses,                 climate change in the short and medium terms.
including its business risks, is accurately recorded, processed, summarized and
reported on a timely basis. For more details concerning BCE’s internal control over          The company’s Corporate Responsibility (CR) Board, composed of a significant
financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, refer to the Proxy               number of employees at the senior vice-president, vice-president and director levels,
Circular and section 12, Effectiveness of internal controls, in this MD&A.                   supports the evolution of our corporate responsibility strategy. The CR Board has the
                                                                                             responsibilities, among others, to embed corporate responsibility considerations into
Corporate Security function: This function is responsible for all aspects of                 corporate and business unit strategies, assist in identifying corporate responsibility
security, which requires a deep understanding of the business, the risk                      areas for further improvement, establish relevant ESG metrics, respond to
environment and the external stakeholder environment. Based on this                          stakeholders’ concerns, review ESG public disclosures, approve procedures seeking
understanding, Corporate Security sets the standards of performance required                 to verify the accuracy of publicly disclosed ESG information and support various
across the organization through security policies and directives that define                 corporate responsibility initiatives. The CR Board reports on progress to the HSSEC
requirements to protect team members, company assets and information. In high                Committee, the co-chairs of which report to the Risk and Pension Fund Committee,
and emerging risk areas such as information security, Corporate Security                     Governance Committee and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors.
leverages its experience and competence to develop strategies intended to                    The CR Board also reports to the BCE Disclosure and Compliance Committee with
mitigate the organization’s risks. For instance, we have implemented security                regards to the public disclosure of ESG information.
awareness training, policies and directives that seek to mitigate information
security threats. We further rely on security assessments to identify risks and              Third line – internal audit function
review projects with the objective of ensuring that systems are deployed with the
                                                                                             Internal Audit is a part of the overall management information and control system
appropriate level of control, including access management, vulnerability
                                                                                             and has the responsibility to act as an independent appraisal function. Its purpose is
management, security monitoring and testing. We evaluate and seek to adapt our
                                                                                             to provide the Audit Committee, other Board committees, as required, and
security policies and directives designed to protect our information and assets in
                                                                                             management with objective evaluations of the company’s risk and control
light of the continuously evolving nature and sophistication of information security
                                                                                             environment, to support management in fulfilling BCE’s strategic imperatives and to
threats. However, given the complexity and scale of our business, network
                                                                                             maintain an audit presence throughout BCE and its subsidiaries.
infrastructure, technology and IT support systems, there can be no assurance that
the security policies and directives that we implement will prevent the occurrence
of all potential information security breaches. In addition, although BCE has
contracted an insurance policy covering information security risk, there can be no
assurance that any insurance we may have will cover the costs, damages,
liabilities or losses that could result from the occurrence of any information security
breach.

                                                                                                                                                                                     25
1 MD&A Overview



1.6         Capitals and our corporate responsibility
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our ESG objectives. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the
beginning of this MD&A and to the sub-section Assumptions at the end of this section 1.6. For explanations of certain climate-related terms, metrics and targets used in this
section 1.6 including, without limitation, carbon neutral, science-based targets and net zero, please refer to Explanation of certain climate-related terms, metrics and targets
at the end of this section 1.6.
Since our founding in 1880, Bell has been enabling Canadians to connect with each other and the world. Our approach to corporate responsibility is to manage the company
in ways that nurture the social and economic prosperity of our communities while safeguarding the environment.


Corporate responsibility underpins our six strategic imperatives
Corporate responsibility is a fundamental element of each of the six strategic           In addition, the Risk and Pension Fund Committee oversees risks that could impact
imperatives that inform BCE’s policies, decisions and actions. As one of Canada’s        our business, such as safety and security, business continuity and ESG risks, while
largest companies, we are driven to continually improve our impact and our               the Audit Committee monitors significant ESG issues and approves our risks and
contribution to society with our network deployments, investments in mental health       assumptions disclosures. The Compensation Committee has oversight of human
initiatives, environmental sustainability and an engaged workplace. This approach        resource issues and tracks corporate performance against our ESG targets. Since
also supports our purpose to advance how Canadians connect with each other and           2020, the Compensation Committee has formally added ESG targets to the
the world.                                                                               corporate performance metrics within the measures of the company’s annual short-
                                                                                         term incentive compensation program, the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP). In 2022, to
Our corporate responsibility approach is informed by a set of guiding principles that    reflect how ESG is embedded into the overall strategy of the business, ESG-related
support our corporate strategy and policies throughout the organization. Through         metrics were embedded throughout our strategic imperatives score and represent, in
our own internal processes along with stakeholder feedback, we have prioritized,         aggregate, at least 30% of the total strategic imperatives score. The strategic
and set clear objectives to address ESG issues and opportunities, seeking to             imperative score represents 40% weighting of the Corporate Performance Index
enhance sustainability across BCE. We constantly measure and report on our               within the AIP.
progress. Through these actions, we strive to drive environmental leadership,
achieve a diverse and inclusive workplace, lead data governance, and protect and         Since 1993, BCE had been publishing a Corporate Responsibility Report detailing
build stronger, healthier communities.                                                   our performance in managing ESG issues. In 2022, for the first time, we presented
                                                                                         both our financial and non-financial performance in an Integrated annual report
The Board has established clear oversight of our corporate responsibility programs       following the principles of the <IR> Framework now part of the International
and our approach to ESG practices with primary accountability at the committee           Financial Reporting Standards. We believe this approach provides a useful basis for
level. The Governance Committee is responsible for oversight of our corporate            disclosing how we seek to create sustained value for our stakeholders over time. An
purpose and our ESG strategy and disclosure. This includes the integration of ESG        integral element of the <IR> Framework are the six pillars, called “capitals” (our
within our company strategy and monitoring the implementation of ESG programs,           networks, our customers and relationships, our products and services, our
goals and key initiatives. Moreover, it is responsible for oversight and related         environment, our people and our financial resources). We call them capitals because
disclosure of climate-related risks, and for our governance practices and policies,      they are inputs to value creation.
including those concerning business conduct and ethics.

26      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


Our networks


Our networks and services are fundamental to the communities we serve, the                                         Key metrics
nation’s economy and Canadian society as a whole. Our networks are integral to
delivering our wireless, wireline, and broadcasting services. We work closely with                                 5G network coverage                                          Number of additional
governments, regulators and our customers to maximize these societal benefits.                                     at December 31                                               pure fibre locations built
Additionally, privacy and information security present both potentially significant
risks and opportunities for any business operating in the digital economy. They are
the subject of an expanding range of obligations, including under new privacy and
data protection laws being enacted in Canada and around the world. Our
customers, team members and investors increasingly expect us to demonstrate
that we collect data appropriately, use it for purposes that advance their interests,
and keep it secure.

How digital access helps create value
Advanced communications networks provide access to a broad spectrum of
everyday activities for all Canadians. Today, Bell’s network technologies are a key
part of Canada’s 21st century infrastructure. Our networks provide an ever-
increasing number of consumers and businesses of all sizes with greater
capabilities and new opportunities to connect, build, and grow, while bridging the                                 Bell’s network reliability (1)
digital divide.

Our activities and outcomes
Bell investments are delivering benefits directly to our customers, from providing
more consumers with better access to family and friends, remote learning and
entertainment to enabling businesses and communities to operate more efficiently
and grow in the digital economy. At the same time, by continuing to close the digital
divide that separate communities, we are also supporting growth among suppliers
and partners and helping build and drive innovation across the Canadian digital
ecosystem.                                                                                                         How data governance helps create value
                                                                                                                   We recognize that to achieve our purpose of advancing how Canadians connect with
In 2023, Bell’s capital expenditures were $4.6 billion as we continued to accelerate
                                                                                                                   each other and the world, we must maintain the social licence from our customers
fibre deployments directly to homes and businesses and 5G wireless connectivity
                                                                                                                   and all Canadians to collect and use data in our operations. A strong and
throughout our footprint. As a direct result of these investments, Bell’s pure fibre
                                                                                                                   consistently applied approach to data governance is critical to maintaining that social
Internet was made available to an additional 633,000 homes and businesses by
                                                                                                                   licence by focusing on respecting the privacy of our customers’ data and protecting
the end of 2023.
                                                                                                                   such data against information security threats. Conversely, failure to meet customer
Bell wireless and network technologies are a key part of Canada’s 21st century                                     expectations regarding the appropriate use and protection of their data can have
infrastructure. Bell’s LTE wireless network reached 99% of Canadians by 2020.                                      negative reputational, business and financial consequences for our company.
Since then we have launched and expanded our 5G network in urban and rural
markets, reaching 86% of all Canadians by the end of 2023.                                                         Our activities and outcomes
Investing in network security, capacity and resiliency has helped Bell achieve                                     Our approach to data governance encompasses the protection and appropriate use
99.9952% network reliability in 2023. Our investments provide core network                                         of data across their life cycle, and we are incorporating data governance proactively
architecture, diversity and redundancy – including multiple transport routes – which                               as a core consideration in all our business initiatives and technology decisions. We
minimize the risk of major service disruptions. We also proactively provide                                        have a data governance policy which covers privacy, information security, data
notifications to keep customers informed if services are disrupted.                                                access management and records management. All employees are trained on data
                                                                                                                   governance, as part of our mandatory biannual code of business conduct training. In
                                                                                                                   2023, Bell continued to make significant investments in people, processes and
                                                                                                                   technology in order to seek to protect confidential information from evolving
                                                                                                                   cybersecurity threats.

                                                                                                                   Key metric
                                                                                                                                                                                     2021               2022                2023

                                                                                                                   Number of unresolved well-founded privacy
                                                                                                                   complaints (2) from the Office of the Privacy
                                                                                                                   Commissioner of Canada                                                –                  –                  –




(1) Bell’s network reliability refers to our high-speed Fibre-to-the home (FTTH) Internet connection. 2022 data have been restated to reflect a change in methodology. In 2022, the metric was based on the entire Internet network
    (FTTH and N-FTTH).
(2) A complaint is considered well-founded if the Information Commissioner concluded that one or more of the allegations in the complaint has merit.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                27
1 MD&A Overview


How information security governance                                                  includes onboarding to our specialized Cyber Awareness platform, the conducting of
                                                                                     monthly phishing simulations and the completion of four baseline courses. Team
helps create value                                                                   members must complete these four courses within 12 months of being onboarded to
Cybersecurity threats give rise to new and emerging standards and regulations.       the program. This year, 95% of onboarded team members completed baseline
We need to be able to identify and address information security risks in a timely    training by the end of 2023. As we move forward, we believe a combination of
manner in order to be in a better position to protect our market share and           training, clear messaging, and positive reinforcement when reporting a phishing
reputation, and these efforts align with our strategic imperative to champion        attempt, should lead to year-over-year phishing report rate improvement. This year,
customer experience, while at the same time reducing exposure to cyberattacks.       we observed a 142% increase in reported phishing simulations by trained
Avoiding data breaches can also limit the increase in expenses associated with       employees.
remediation efforts and legal exposures, aligning with our strategic imperative to
operate with agility and cost efficiency.                                            Key metric
Our activities and outcomes                                                          Reported phish simulation between our fully trained
                                                                                     employees and non-trained employees on our Be Cyber
We are focused on maintaining the trust that our customers have in us to protect
their data. To do this, we are implementing prevention, detection, and response
                                                                                     Savvy information security training
programs related to security threats. In addition, we are helping define industry
security and risk management practices, and we are training our team members on
data protection.
In 2023, we have aligned our Information Security program at 100% of the ISO/IEC
27001 standard. Starting in 2021, we launched our Be Cyber Savvy information
security training program. This training program



Our customers and relationships


Since 2010, the Bell Let’s Talk mental health initiative has raised awareness and     Health and Well-Being for Post-Secondary Students or the Québec Action Plan on
action for Canadian mental health, with a focus on helping reduce the stigma          Student Mental Health for Higher Education.
around mental illness, improving access to care, supporting world-class research
                                                                                     • Since the launch in 2020, the Bell Let’s Talk Diversity Fund provided 49 grants
and leading by example in workplace mental health. Over the last 14 years,
                                                                                       totalling $5.45 million, including 10 new grants announced in January 2024.
Canadians have taken action to create real change by engaging in the world’s
largest mental health conversation, to help create a Canada where everyone can       • The Bell Let’s Talk Community Fund has provided over 1,100 grants and invested
get the culturally-appropriate mental health support they need. By 2025, Bell          over $20.5 million, including 115 new grants announced in October 2023.
expects to reach its total current commitment of $155 million for Canadian mental
                                                                                     • In 2023, The Bell True Patriot Love Fund awarded a total of $350,000 to 10
health supports and services.
                                                                                       organizations making a meaningful difference in the military veteran community.
How taking action on mental health                                                   • Also in 2023, Bell Let’s Talk announced a $1 million gift to the IWK Health
                                                                                       Foundation in Halifax, the Maritime’s leading children’s health care and research
helps create value                                                                     centre.
Our products and services help communities thrive, and we believe the way we
invest – our time, our money and our passion – has a positive impact on the          On Bell Let’s Talk Day 2024, communities and organizations across Canada showed
communities we serve. Communities also benefit from the engagement of our            their support for mental health by raising the Bell Let’s Talk flag at city and town
team members as they support the causes they value deeply. Bell is taking a          halls, military bases, schools and other locations. Students at Canadian elementary
leading role in helping address the mental health crisis in Canada with the Bell     and high schools, universities, colleges and cégeps across the country also engaged
Let’s Talk mental health initiative. The program encourages Canadians to take        in a variety of initiatives in their learning environments to promote student mental
action and achieve real change in their mental health.                               health.

Our activities and outcomes                                                          Key metric
Bell Let’s Talk is active year round providing funding through the Bell Let’s Talk   In 2023, Bell made a fundamental shift in the Bell Let’s Talk Day campaign by
Community Fund, Diversity Fund, Post-Secondary Fund and Bell True Patriot Love       highlighting the mental health crisis Canadians are facing in very real and personal
Fund. Bell Let’s Talk has partnered with more than 1,500 organizations including     ways, and issued a collective call to action and change. Bell Let’s Talk Day 2024
hospitals, universities, local community service providers and other care and        continued to put a spotlight on mental health organizations across the country that
research organizations. This collaboration has enabled these organizations to        are providing support and services for Canadians experiencing mental health issues
improve access to mental health supports and services in communities nationwide.     – organizations that Bell Let’s Talk is proud to support. Bell expects to reach its
                                                                                     current commitment of $155 million for Canadian mental health programs by 2025.
• In January 2024, the Bell Let’s Talk Post-Secondary Fund awarded $1 million to
  11 Canadian colleges, universities, and cégeps to support initiatives that align
  with the National Standard of Canada for Mental

28      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


Our products and services


Our products and services provide value to Canadians by helping them both                                      the customers are not deducted from the total carbon abatement of solutions, but
mitigate climate change and adapt to its impacts. Our solutions enable customers                               are included in our operational emissions. Only the benefits resulting from
to reduce environmental impacts, improve health and safety and better safeguard                                technologies deployed to Bell’s clients are considered, i.e., environmental benefits
protected data from growing risks.                                                                             associated with solutions implemented within Bell’s own operations are not included.
                                                                                                               An example of how the calculations were made is provided below:
How our products and services contributing
                                                                                                               Business­          Physical meeting in one room between 2 or more participants, including the
to climate change mitigation and adaptation                                                                    as-usual           transportation to the meeting location
helps create value                                                                                             scenario

Bell technologies and services can help our customers reduce energy needs,                                     Bell’s             Virtual meeting through a cloud-hosted platform with integrated video and
minimize carbon footprints and enhance productivity. Our solutions help                                        solution           audio conferencing, online presentations, shared applications and group
businesses embrace new ways to communicate, collaborate, ensure business                                                          document editing. Users can share their entire or part of their desktop, or a
                                                                                                                                  specific application with a small group of people.
continuity and be able to maintain services in the event of emergencies and
extreme incidents.                                                                                             Carbon             GHG emissions avoided from business travel for a meeting due to the use of
                                                                                                               abatement          Bell’s web conferencing solution
Our activities and outcomes
Our solutions include:                                                                                         The calculation method of the carbon abatement ratio is based on existing
                                                                                                               methodologies developed in the Information and Communications Technology (ICT)
• virtualization and cloud computing which encourage optimal use of space, power                               sector. The calculation, as shown below, is based on assumptions that are
  and cooling resources by consolidating servers and storage and improve                                       dependent on customers’ behaviour over which Bell has no control.
  business continuity through redundancies in our network
• IoT services which can help optimize asset and fleet management and are
  effective for smart buildings, smart cities, smart operations and smart fieldwork
  applications. Electronic controls coupled with our communications networks can
  help communities adapt to rising mean temperatures and/or events such as
  extended heat waves.                                                                                         Key metric
• hybrid workforce solutions and teleworking which help ensure business continuity,                            GHG emissions estimated to have been avoided by our
  as evidenced during the COVID-19 pandemic
                                                                                                               customers through the use of Bell’s products and services
• dematerialization, the reduction of the quantities of materials needed to serve an                           Number of times by which GHG emissions estimated to have been abated
  economic function, which substitutes technology (e.g., online banking apps) for                              by our customers through the use of Bell’s technologies exceeded scope 1
  travel (e.g., commuting to the bank)                                                                         and 2 GHG emitted by Bell’s operations (1)

At Bell, we believe it is important to understand the net carbon abatement impact
of our solutions. To achieve this, we have worked with Groupe AGECO, a third-
party consultant with expertise in GHG emissions quantification, to develop a
methodology that uses a carbon abatement ratio which estimates the carbon
reduction capacity of our products and services used by our customers. The
carbon abatement ratio represents the GHG emissions estimated to have been
avoided by our customers through the use of our technological solutions in
comparison to our own operational (scope 1 and 2) GHG emissions. To do so,
GHG emissions are estimated in a business-as-usual case where technology is not
used compared to the case where Bell’s products are used. The avoided GHG
emissions correspond to the difference between the emissions estimated to have
been generated in a business-as-usual case compared to the case where Bell’s
technological solutions are used. The emissions generated by Bell in providing the
solutions to




(1) GHG emitted by Bell’s operations refers to scope 1 emissions (direct GHG emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by Bell) and scope 2 emissions (indirect GHG emissions associated with the consumption of
    purchased electricity, heating/cooling and steam required by Bell’s activities). The analyses were performed based on 2015, 2017 and 2020 data, respectively.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       29
1 MD&A Overview


Our environment


We strive to minimize the negative environmental impacts of our operations and to                                   publicly report on our energy performance and GHG emissions as part of our
create positive impacts where possible. We also know that our team members, our                                     environmental and energy management systems. Since 2003, we report on our
customers, and our investors expect this. Taking care of the environment makes                                      climate change mitigation and adaptation efforts through the CDP (formerly the
good business sense. If we fail to take action to reduce our negative impacts on                                    Carbon Disclosure Project), a not-for-profit organization that gathers information on
the environment, we risk losing our valuable team members and customers to                                          climate-related risks and opportunities from organizations worldwide. In 2023, we
competitors, we risk increased costs due to fines or remediation requirements, and                                  obtained an A- score from the CDP, ranking us in the “Leadership Band” for the
we risk losing investors, all of which could adversely impact our business.                                         eighth consecutive year, recognizing our leadership on climate action, our alignment
                                                                                                                    with current best practices and the transparency of our climate-related disclosures.
We have been implementing and maintaining programs to reduce the                                                    Furthermore, we disclose annually on our risks and opportunities related to climate
environmental impact of our operations for more than 30 years. Our Environmental                                    change following the 11 recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related
Policy, first issued in 1993, reflects our team members’ values, as well as the                                     Financial Disclosures (TCFD). We are also engaged in reducing our GHG footprint
expectations of customers, investors and society that we regard environmental                                       to contribute to the global effort in fighting climate change. We have set the target to
protection as an integral part of doing business that needs to be managed                                           be carbon neutral for our operational GHG emissions (scope 1 and 2 only) starting in
systematically under a continuous improvement process. We implemented an                                            2025. For 2026 and 2030, we have set science-based GHG emissions reduction and
environmental management system (EMS) to help with this continuous                                                  supplier engagement targets that are consistent with the goals of the Paris
improvement, which has been certified ISO 14001 (1) since 2009, making us the                                       Agreement. The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) (4) has approved the three
first North American communications company to be so designated. We have                                            specific targets set by BCE Inc. that cover all scopes.
continuously maintained this certification since then. In addition, Bell’s energy
management system was certified ISO 50001 (2) in 2020, also making us the first                                     Key metrics
North American communications company to be so designated (3).
                                                                                                                    Energy intensity                                              Operational (scope 1 and 2)
How addressing climate change                                                                                       (Energy consumption (Megawatt
                                                                                                                    hours (MWh) equivalent) divided by
                                                                                                                                                                                  GHG emissions
                                                                                                                                                                                  (tonnes of CO2e)
helps create value                                                                                                  network usage (petabytes))
Climate change poses risks to our operating environment and our ability to create
value. To help mitigate these risks, we aim to reduce our energy consumption and
GHG emissions while continuing to adapt to the impacts of climate change.

Our activities and outcomes
We are taking action both to help fight climate change and adapt to its
consequences. We are adapting by taking action to seek to maintain our resiliency
in the face of climate change, and are helping our customers do the same. To fight
climate change, we are focused on reducing our energy consumption and GHG
emissions, while also helping customers reduce theirs. Fostering innovation that
helps reduce our carbon footprint is part of our culture. On an annual basis, we
calculate, monitor and




(1) Our ISO 14001 certification covers Bell Canada’s administrative oversight of the EMS associated with the development of policies and procedures for the delivery of services for business sectors including landline, wireless,
    television, Internet services, connectivity, broadband services, data hosting and cloud computing.
(2) Our ISO 50001 certification covers Bell Canada’s energy management program at its national business locations associated with the activities of real estate management services, fleet services, radio broadcasting and digital
    media services, landline, wireless, television, Internet services, connectivity, broadband services, data hosting and cloud computing, in addition to related general administrative functions.
(3) Bell’s review in 2020 of publicly available information for North American communications and telecommunications companies indicated Bell was the first of its North American communications and telecommunications
    competitors to receive ISO 14001 and 50001 certifications.
(4) The SBTi is a partnership between CDP, the United Nations Global Compact, World Resources Institute and the World Wide Fund for Nature driving ambitious climate action in the private sector by enabling organizations to set
    science-based emissions reduction targets. The SBTi approved our targets in 2022, prior to the recalculation of our 2020 GHG emission base year. The impact of this recalculation is an increase of our target to reduce absolute
    scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 58% instead of 57% by 2030, from a 2020 base year. The recalculated target has been submitted to the SBTi for approval on October 20, 2023.

30         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


How circular economy helps create value                                                                             2025, from a 2019 baseline year. We’ve exceeded this target in 2023 by diverting a
                                                                                                                    total of 16% waste from landfill. Through setting waste reduction targets, such as the
We are improving our circular economy model to focus on solutions that detach                                       ones listed above, we are striving to build a resilient path to circularity. In 2024, we
growth from accelerating raw material consumption in order to reduce the                                            will work to set a new target, while efforts will continue to further divert waste from
environmental impact of our operations. Waste reduction is essential to our                                         landfill and keep the numbers of electronic devices we recover as a key metric to
objective of improving our operational efficiency and also aligns with the values                                   monitor our performance. We are also investing in research and development for
and expectations of our team members and customers.                                                                 solutions where current technology does not provide responsible waste diversion
                                                                                                                    methods.
Our activities and outcomes
Bell has managed waste reduction, reuse and recycling programs for more than                                        Key metric
30 years. We have waste reduction goals and strong monitoring processes in                                          Cumulative recovery of used TV receivers, modems,
place that enable us to track and report on our activities that generate waste. To
manage the waste created from the electronic devices we distribute to customers,                                    Wi-Fi pods (1) and mobile phones
we have implemented effective and accessible e-waste collection programs for the
recovery, reuse, refurbishment and recycling of customer-facing devices, including
national take-back programs, drop boxes and mail-in instructions. To measure the
success of these programs, we had set a goal to collect 7 million used TV
receivers, modems, mobile phones and Wi-Fi pods between October 1, 2020 and
September 30, 2023, which we’ve exceeded in 2023 with the collection of
7,760,323 devices. At Bell, we believe in leading by example, and so to continue to
manage and reduce the waste generated from our own operations, we have the
target to reach and maintain a 15% reduction of total waste sent to landfill by




Our people


To execute on our strategic imperatives, we rely on the engagement and expertise                                    Our activities and outcomes
of our team members. We focus on attracting, developing and retaining the best
talent, as well as creating a positive team member experience to drive                                              To foster the well-being of our team members, we believe that engaging our team
effectiveness, high performance and agility in our evolving business environment.                                   members as well as nurturing an inclusive environment are both essential. We are
Through workplace wellness initiatives and by celebrating diversity in the                                          proud to be again ranked as one of Canada’s Top Employers (2). Bell has also been
workplace, we reinforce our goal of creating a safe and inclusive atmosphere for all                                recognized by Mediacorp as one of Canada’s Top Employers for Young People, Top
team members.                                                                                                       Family-Friendly Employers, one of Canada’s Greenest Employers and one of
                                                                                                                    Montréal’s Top Employers (3) (4) (5) (6). We are focused on developing and retaining
                                                                                                                    the best talent in the country by providing a workplace that is positive, professional
How well-being helps create value                                                                                   and rewarding, all of which enable creativity and innovation. We also continue to
Bell team members bring our corporate purpose and strategic imperatives to life                                     develop, implement and share mental health practices in the workplace, and to
every day. To support the Bell team, we strive for a dynamic culture where all team                                 broaden our approach to emphasize total-health support. We educate team
members feel valued and respected in a safe, supported environment. We offer                                        members through our training programs and campaigns, support them through an
inclusive benefits, ongoing education and awareness programs and a range of                                         extensive range of mental health services, and support and adapt workplace policies
progressive initiatives to foster well-being and success. At Bell, we believe that                                  and practices to foster a psychologically safe workplace. Since 2010, over 90
taking care of the well-being of our team members is essential to their personal                                    metrics have been measured quarterly and assessed for trends
success and to our organization’s ongoing progress.




(1) Wi-Fi pods have been included in the scope starting in 2021.
(2) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Top 100 Employers” in years 2016 to 2024 by Canada’s Top Employers, an editorial competition organized by Mediacorp Canada Inc., a publisher of employment periodicals. Winners
    are evaluated and selected based on their industry leadership in offering exceptional workplaces for their employees. Employers are compared to others in their field to determine which offers the most progressive and forward-
    thinking programs.
(3) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Top Employers for Young People” in years 2018 to 2024 by Canada’s Top 100 Employers. Winners are evaluated and selected based on the programs offered to attract and retain
    young employees, when compared to other employers in the same field.
(4) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Top Family-Friendly Employers” in years 2020 to 2024 by Canada’s Top 100 Employers. Winners are evaluated and selected based on the programs and initiatives offered to help
    employees balance work and family commitments, when compared to other employers in the same field.
(5) Bell was recognized as one of “Canada’s Greenest Employers” in years 2017 to 2023 by Canada’s Top 100 Employers. Winners are evaluated and selected based on the development of sustainability initiatives and
    environmental leadership, when compared to other employers in the same field.
(6) Bell was recognized as one of “Montréal’s Top Employers” in years 2013 to 2024 by Canada’s Top Employers. Winners are evaluated and selected based on progressive and forward-thinking programs offered in a variety of
    areas, when compared to other organizations in the same field.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  31
1 MD&A Overview

and program insights to closely monitor the psychological health of our workplace.                             women within executive leadership positions and serving on Canadian corporate
Collecting qualitative and quantitative data is crucial to ensuring that we are                                boards to at least 30%. In 2022 and 2023, Bell exceeded that target with 32%
heading in the right direction and making any required adjustments to our mental                               women in executive positions but did not achieve Bell’s goal of at least 35% gender
health programs.                                                                                               diverse executives (vice president level and above) by the end of 2023 and in July
                                                                                                               2023, we extended our target date to achieve this goal to the end of 2025.
Key metrics
                                                                                                               Bell continues to take meaningful actions to address the impacts of systemic racism
People leaders who                                       Overall team member                                   experienced by Black, Indigenous and Persons of Colour (BIPOC). Our goal is to
completed mandatory                                      engagement score (1)                                  reach at least 25% BIPOC representation in our senior management team by 2025.
base training on                                                                                               As of the end of 2023, we were at 23%. We exceeded our target of 40% BIPOC
mental health                                                                                                  representation in our new graduate and intern hires, achieving 66% representation in
                                                                                                               2023. Ongoing partnerships with the Onyx Initiative and the Black Professionals in
                                                                                                               Tech Network are helping drive the recruitment of Black college and university
                                                                                                               students and promote Black talent in technology. Bell Media continues to promote
                                                                                                               greater diversity in Canadian media with the HireBIPOC website and the Bell Media
                                                                                                               Content Diversity Task Force in partnership with BIPOC TV & Film.
                                                                                                               Looking ahead, we plan to continue building momentum for our DEIB strategy based
                                                                                                               on concrete objective-setting and the integration of inclusive leadership practices.

                                                                                                               Key metrics
                                                                                                               Gender diverse (4)                                        Gender diverse (4)
                                                                                                               representation in                                         representation
                                                                                                               executive positions                                       among directors
                                                                                                               (vice-president level and above)                          on the BCE Board
How fostering diversity, equity, inclusion
and belonging helps create value
At Bell, we are proud of our focus on fostering a diverse, inclusive, equitable and
accessible workplace where all team members feel valued, respected and
supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of
the communities we serve, where every team member has the opportunity to reach
their full potential. The integration of DEIB programs within Bell fosters the
innovation and creativity of our team members.
Our activities and outcomes
Our DEIB strategy is supported by a governance framework that includes the
Diversity Leadership Council with senior leaders from every business unit,
business unit committees and employee-led networks, including Black
Professionals at Bell, Pride at Bell, Diversability at Bell and Women at Bell.                                 BIPOC                                                     BIPOC
In line with our objective of improving gender diversity, our current gender diversity                         representation                                            representation
target for the Board is a minimum of 35% gender diverse directors, defined as                                  in Bell senior                                            among new graduates
directors who identify as women and directors who identify with a gender other                                 management                                                and interns
than a man or a woman. This target was met from its adoption, in 2021, until the
appointment of Johan Wibergh to the Board on November 1, 2023, following which
(and as of December 31, 2023) 33% of all directors identified as women. With the
increase in the number of directors upon his appointment, the Board is temporarily
below the target to allow for an orderly transition ahead of the retirements of David
F. Denison and Robert C. Simmonds at the end of the 2024 Annual General
Shareholder Meeting (the Meeting) in May. The target will be met again if all
director nominees are elected at the Meeting, after which directors identifying as
women will represent 38% of all directors. In step with our overarching corporate
objective to improve gender diversity across levels, including in our senior
leadership, Bell was a signatory to the Catalyst Accord 2022 (2) and is currently a
member of the 30% Club, (3) which aim to increase the proportion of




(1) This metric is calculated as the average score obtained in the annual Bell team member satisfaction survey. The Team Member Engagement score is based on five specific questions and the percentage of employees who
    responded favourably (Strongly agree or Agree) to these questions out of the total number of employees who responded to the survey.
(2) The Catalyst Accord 2022 calls on Canadian boards and CEOs to pledge to accelerate the advancement of women in business through these actions: Increase the average percentage of women on boards and women in
    executive positions in corporate Canada to 30% or greater by 2022.
(3) Recognizing Canada’s distinct corporate governance framework, the aim of the 30% Club Canada is to include both board Chairs and CEOs to achieve better gender balance at board level, as well as at senior management
    levels.
(4) Gender diverse is defined as a person who identifies as a woman or with a gender other than a man or a woman.

32        BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


Our financial resources


The financial resources of the company are addressed throughout this MD&A. In addition, in 2022 and 2023, we added sustainability-linked pricing to our $3.5 billion
committed credit facilities, to our securitization program and to certain derivatives, introducing price adjustments based on our performance of certain sustainability
performance targets.


Assumptions
GHG emissions reduction and supplier                                                     DEIB targets
engagement targets

                                                                                         Our DEIB targets are based on a number of assumptions including, without
Our GHG emissions reduction and supplier engagement targets are based on a               limitation, the following principal assumptions:
number of assumptions including, without limitation, the following principal             • Ability to leverage DEIB partnerships and recruitment agencies to help identify
assumptions:                                                                               qualified diverse talent for vacant positions
• Our ability to purchase a significant amount of high-quality credible carbon credits   • Sufficient diverse labour market availability
  and/or renewable energy certificates (RECs) to offset or reduce, as applicable,
  our GHG emissions                                                                      • Implementation of corporate and business initiatives to increase awareness,
                                                                                           education and engagement in support of our DEIB targets
• The carbon offset resulting from the purchase of carbon credits will be permanent
  and will not be reversed, in whole or in part, prior to the date of our targets        • Propensity of existing employees and job-seekers to self-identify to enable a
                                                                                           diverse workforce representation
• The successful and timely implementation of various corporate and business
  initiatives to reduce our electricity and fuel consumption, as well as reduce other
  direct and indirect GHG emissions enablers
• No new corporate initiatives, business acquisitions, business divestitures or
  technologies that would materially change our anticipated levels of GHG
  emissions
• No negative impact on the calculation of our GHG emissions from refinements in
  or modifications to international standards or the methodology we use for the
  calculation of such GHG emissions
• No required changes to our science-based targets pursuant to the SBTi
  methodology that would make the achievement of our science-based targets, as
  updated from time to time, more onerous or unachievable in light of business
  requirements
• Sufficient supplier engagement and collaboration in setting their own science-
  based targets, no significant change in the allocation of our spend by supplier and
  sufficient engagement and collaboration from the other participants across our
  whole value chain in reducing their own GHG emissions


                                                                                                                                                                       33
1 MD&A Overview


Explanation of certain climate-related terms, metrics and targets
Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions                                                                                       starting in 2025, we expect that we will need to purchase a significant amount of
                                                                                                                     carbon credits to offset our scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions that will not have been
Scope 1 emissions are direct GHG emissions from sources that are controlled by                                       avoided by internal initiatives, in addition to RECs to reduce our scope 2 emissions.
Bell. Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG emissions associated with the                                               In 2023, our scope 1 and 2 emissions represented 12% of our total carbon footprint.
consumption of purchased electricity, heating/cooling and steam required by Bell’s                                   Our target for carbon neutral operations excludes our scope 3 emissions that
activities. Scope 1 and 2 emissions are sometimes collectively referred to in this                                   represented 88% of our carbon footprint in 2023.
MD&A as “operational emissions”. Scope 3 emissions are all indirect emissions
(not included in scope 2) that occur in our value chain, including both upstream
and downstream emissions.
                                                                                                                     Science-based targets
                                                                                                                     Science-based targets provide a clearly-defined pathway for companies to reduce
By definition, GHG emissions from scope 3 (upstream and downstream indirect                                          GHG emissions, aiming to prevent the worst impacts of climate change. Targets are
emissions) occur from sources owned or controlled by other entities in Bell’s value                                  considered ‘science-based’ if they are in line with what the latest climate science
chain (such as our suppliers, employees and customers). As a result, measuring                                       deems necessary to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement – limiting global warming
scope 3 emissions is more complex than measuring scope 1 and scope 2                                                 to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels. The SBTi brings together a team of experts to
emissions, for which we are able to obtain primary data (such as litres of fuel                                      provide companies with independent assessment and validation of targets.
consumed within our vehicle fleet and kilowatt-hours of electricity consumed within
our buildings). For scope 3 categories for which primary data is not available, we                                   Net zero target
have to rely on secondary data (such as financial data and industry-average data
from published databases). These data collection challenges contribute to                                            BCE’s carbon neutrality and science-based targets are different than, and
uncertainty in scope 3 emissions measurement.                                                                        independent of, the SBTi’s net zero target. Net zero refers to the state in which an
                                                                                                                     organization reduces GHG emissions in its entire value chain (i.e., scopes 1, 2 and 3
Carbon neutrality                                                                                                    GHG emissions) to as close to zero as possible (with a minimum reduction of at
                                                                                                                     least 90%) and neutralizes (1) any remaining emissions such that its net global GHG
We will measure our carbon neutrality performance based on our operational GHG                                       emissions balance to zero. At the moment, BCE does not have a net zero target.
emissions (scope 1 and scope 2 emissions in tonnes of CO2e) minus GHG
emissions offset by carbon credits purchased (in tonnes of CO2e). To be carbon
neutral, the total must be equal to zero or lower. In order to achieve our target of
carbon neutral operations




(1) According to SBTi, neutralize means that carbon is removed from the atmosphere and permanently stored in geological, terrestrial, or ocean reservoirs, or in products.

34         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives




2                 Strategic imperatives
Our success is built on the BCE team’s dedicated execution of the six strategic imperatives that support our
purpose to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world.
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our network deployment plans, the cost savings expected to result from workforce reductions, our ESG
objectives, and our 2024 objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.



2.1            Build the best networks
          Continuing to enhance our key competitive advantage                                                       • Launched mobile service in Toronto’s TTC subway tunnels and stations for Bell,
          with a focus on delivering leading broadband fibre and                                                      Virgin Plus and Lucky Mobile customers
          wireless networks in locations large and small.
                                                                                                                    • Continued to work closely with governments on projects to bring broadband access
                                                                                                                      to remote and other hard to serve areas, including in rural Ontario, and in
2023 progress                                                                                                         Newfoundland and Labrador with the Universal Broadband Fund
• Expanded our FTTP direct fibre footprint to an additional 633,000 homes and
                                                                                                                    • Announced new wavelength data routes with speeds up to 400 gigabits that will
  businesses. FTTP enables multi-gigabit symmetrical download and upload
                                                                                                                      enable triple redundancy between Secaucus, NJ, Toronto and Montréal, expected
  Internet speeds, offering a performance and quality advantage over cable
                                                                                                                      to be available in the first half of 2024, in partnership with FirstLight Fiber, an
  networks. At the end of 2023, approximately 6.5 million locations in Bell’s footprint
                                                                                                                      Albany, New York-based provider of fibre-optic data, Internet, data centre, cloud,
  had access to multi-gigabit symmetrical speeds of 3 Gbps.
                                                                                                                      unified communications, and managed services to enterprise and carrier customers
• Secured the acquisition of 939 licences for 1.77 billion MHz-Pop of 3800 MHz                                        throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic
  spectrum for $518 million following ISED’s wireless spectrum auction, enabling
  Bell to continue bringing fast and reliable 5G+ wireless service to more people                                   2024 focus
  and businesses across Canada. Combined with our existing 3500 MHz holdings,
                                                                                                                    • Further deployment of direct fibre to more homes and businesses within our
  Bell will have access to an industry-leading 3.5 billion MHz-Pop of 5G+ spectrum
                                                                                                                      wireline footprint, but at a slower pace than during any of 2020 to 2023. Bell’s near-
  nationwide, acquired at a total cost of $2.78 billion, the lowest among national
                                                                                                                      term fibre build target is to reach 8.3 million locations with fibre by the end of 2025.
  wireless carriers.
                                                                                                                    • Ongoing expansion and deployment of 5G and 5G+ wireless networks, offering
• Expanded our 5G wireless network to reach 86% of Canada’s population
                                                                                                                      competitive coverage and quality
• Expanded 5G+ service coverage, leveraging 3500 MHz spectrum, to reach 51%
  of Canada’s population
• Bell 5G was ranked Canada’s fastest and best 5G network by Global Wireless
  Solutions (GWS) for the third consecutive year in its 2023 nationwide assessment
  of 5G networks (1). New this year, GWS’s testing included 3500 MHz network
  wireless spectrum and determined Bell’s network (5G+) performance to be the
  fastest and best in the country.



2.2            Drive growth with innovative services
          Leveraging our leading network technologies to                                                            • Entered into a multi-year strategic agreement with Air Canada, which includes
          provide truly differentiated communications services                                                        premier sponsorship of its in-flight Wi-Fi, free in-flight messaging for Aeroplan
          to Canadians and drive revenue growth.                                                                      members and the distribution of complimentary SIM cards on board to enable
                                                                                                                      newcomers and visitors arriving in Canada to activate a wireless SIM while still in
2023 progress                                                                                                         the air
• Added 411,189 total net postpaid and prepaid mobile phone subscribers, bringing                                   • Virgin Plus unveiled a fresh new look with more affordable service offerings for
  Bell’s mobile phone customer base to 10,287,046 at December 31, 2023, up                                            everyone, including those new to Canada, including unlimited nationwide rate plans
  3.4% over 2022                                                                                                      and access to 5G, plus updated Member benefits
• Entered into a multi-year exclusive agreement with Staples Canada to sell Bell,                                   • Built on our position as the leading Internet service provider (ISP) in Canada with a
  Virgin Plus and Lucky Mobile wireless and wireline services through Staples                                         retail high-speed Internet subscriber base of 4,473,429 at December 31, 2023, up
  stores across Canada for consumers and small businesses. In addition, Bell and                                      5.0% over 2022
  Staples are partnering to sell Bell wireless and wireline services direct to
  medium-sized businesses through the Staples Professional sales team, backed
  by Bell’s communications expertise.


(1) Based on a third party score (Global Wireless Solutions OneScore) calculated using Bell wireless 5G network testing in Canada against other national wireless networks from April 12, 2023 to October 27, 2023.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      35
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives

• Bell pure fibre was ranked Canada’s fastest Internet and Wi-Fi in Ookla’s Q1-Q2                                   and supply chain, Bell will wind down The Source head office and back office
  2023 and Q3-Q4 2023 Speedtest Awards reports (1)                                                                  operations, as well as close 107 The Source stores.
• Named the Best Major & All Around ISP in Canada in PCMag’s Best ISPs 2023                                       • In February 2024, Bell announced a partnership with SentinelOne, a global leader
  Canada report, based on Internet speed as well as price, coverage and customer                                    in AI-powered security, to provide extensive data protection services for Bell’s
  satisfaction (2)                                                                                                  enterprise customers
• Recognized as BrandSpark’s Most Trusted ISP 2024 (3)                                                            • In February 2024, Bell announced a collaboration with Microsoft to bring new
                                                                                                                    hybrid work solutions to Canadian enterprises with the launch of Bell Operator
• Launched Gigabit Fibe 3.0 service in Manitoba with symmetrical download and
                                                                                                                    Connect, pairing Bell’s high-quality voice network and Microsoft Teams. Bell is
  upload speeds of 3 Gbps
                                                                                                                    also rolling out Microsoft 365 within its own enterprise IT environment.
• Acquired FX Innovation, a Montréal-based provider of cloud-focused managed                                      • In February 2024, Bell announced a collaboration with Mila, a research institute in
  and professional services and workflow automation solutions for business clients.
                                                                                                                    AI, to apply deep learning neural network algorithms to Bell’s systems and data to
  The acquisition enables the delivery of leading-edge technology solutions for
                                                                                                                    improve business performance and customer experience and accelerate AI
  Canadian businesses and supports Bell’s position as a technology services
                                                                                                                    innovations using cloud computing
  leader.
                                                                                                                • Increase our market share of national operators’ wireless mobile phone net
• Entered into a collaboration with ServiceNow, a digital workflow company, to
                                                                                                                  additions
  launch Service Bridge capabilities on the ServiceNow platform, leveraging FX
  Innovation’s deep industry expertise to elevate the end-to-end experience for Bell                            • Introduction of more 5G and 5G+ devices and services
  customers with customized solutions and automation capabilities
                                                                                                                • Increased adoption of unlimited data plans and device financing plans
• Partnered with Palo Alto Networks to better support Canadian businesses
                                                                                                                • Accelerated business customer adoption of advanced 5G and IoT solutions
  managing their cloud security with the launch of two new cloud-native application
  protection platform (CNAPP) solutions, Cloud Security Posture Assessment and                                  • Continued growth in retail Internet subscribers
  Cloud Security Posture Protection
                                                                                                                • Enhance Internet product superiority through new service offerings and hardware
                                                                                                                  to provide an enhanced customer experience in the home
2024 focus
                                                                                                                • Cross sell to customers who do not have all their telecommunication services with
• Leverage innovative new partnerships and collaborations to deliver for our                                      Bell
  customers
                                                                                                                • Continued diversification of Bell’s distribution strategy with a focus on expanding
 • In January 2024, Bell entered into a strategic partnership with Best Buy Canada
                                                                                                                  DTC and online transactions
   to operate 165 The Source consumer electronics retail stores in Canada, which
   will be rebranded as Best Buy Express and offer the latest in consumer                                       • Continue to deliver network-centric managed and professional services solutions to
   electronics from Best Buy along with exclusive telecommunications services                                     large and medium-sized businesses that increase the value of connectivity services
   from Bell. In February 2024, Bell announced that with the strengths of Best
   Buy’s buying power




2.3            Deliver the most compelling content
          Taking a unified approach across our media and                                                        • Forged a licensing and distribution pact with FOX Entertainment Global to support
          distribution assets to deliver the content Canadians                                                    Canadian original productions for all Bell Media platforms, including CTV and
          want the most.                                                                                          Crave, and in the U.S. for FOX
                                                                                                                • TSN acquired exclusive media rights to PGA Tour Live, featuring more than 4,300
2023 progress                                                                                                     hours of live coverage from PGA Tour events throughout the season
• Increased our IPTV subscriber base by 4.1% to 2,070,342 at December 31, 2023                                  • Launched TSN+, a DTC streaming product available on TSN.ca and the TSN app
• Crave expanded its DTC subscription offering with the launch of ad-supported                                    that provides access to marquee live games and events that are incremental to the
  plans, giving customers a range of options to access Crave’s ever-growing lineup                                sports content delivered across TSN’s platforms
  of award-winning premium content                                                                              • Launched Addressable TV, an innovation that delivers tailored ads to TV
• 2023 was the most watched year in Crave’s streaming history                                                     audiences, across Bell Media’s premium linear and video on demand (VOD)
                                                                                                                  content on CTV, CTV2, and Noovo, as well as a selection of English and French
• Maintained CTV’s #1 ranking as the most-watched TV network in Canada for the                                    specialty channels
  22nd year in a row
                                                                                                                • Launched Addressable Audio, an innovative new format that dynamically inserts
• Extended a long-term and exclusive licensing agreement with Warner Bros.                                        digital audio ads into live linear programming, and on-demand content on
  Discovery that includes HBO and Max Originals, new cable and library television                                 iHeartRadio.ca and the iHeartRadio Canada app
  series, and pay and post-pay window rights for Warner Bros. films and library
  films                                                                                                         • Implemented upgrades to Bell Media’s proprietary Strategic Audience Management
                                                                                                                  (SAM) tool, including faster optimization, better proposals, expanded user
                                                                                                                  capabilities, and automation


(1) Based on analysis by Ookla of Speedtest Intelligence data Fixed and Wi-Fi nationally aggregated Speed Score results for Q1–Q2 and Q3–Q4 2023. Ookla trademarks used under license and reprinted with permission.
(2) PCMag Best ISPs 2023: Canada, based on speed, price, coverage and customer satisfaction comparing major and overall Canadian ISPs from June 1, 2022 to June 27, 2023.
(3) BrandSpark is a research and consulting firm. Winners were determined by a national survey of 15, 878 Canadian shoppers who gave their top-of-mind, unaided answers as to which brands they trust most and why in
    categories they have recently shopped.

36         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives


2024 focus                                                                                                         • Continued support of original French programming with a focus on digital platforms
                                                                                                                     such as Crave, Noovo.ca and iHeartRadio, to better serve our French-language
• Continued growth in IPTV subscribers                                                                               customers through a personalized digital experience
• Enhance TV product superiority through new service offerings and innovation to                                   • Grow advertising revenue and maximize market share
  provide an enhanced customer experience in the home
                                                                                                                   • Continued scaling of our SAM TV and demand-side platform (DSP) buying
 • In January 2024, Bell launched the next generation Fibe TV service in Atlantic                                    platforms, Bell Media’s advertising buying optimization platforms which give
   Canada, with capabilities and features including live TV, on-demand shows and                                     customers the ability to plan, activate and measure marketing campaigns using
   movies, access to the Google Play app catalogue, voice remote powered by                                          Bell’s premium first-party data and expand personalization of ad content to TV and
   Google Assistant, universal search, Cloud PVR and unlimited simultaneous                                          digital radio
   streams with the Fibe TV app
                                                                                                                   • Advance our digital-first media strategy including growing digital revenues (1) and
• Reinforce industry leadership in conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV, streaming                                  DTC subscribers
  and sports services
                                                                                                                   • Optimize unique partnerships and strategic content investments to monetize
• Continued scaling of Crave through optimized content offering, user experience                                     content rights and Bell Media properties across all platforms
  improvements and expanded distribution
 • In February 2024, Bell Media reached an agreement with Amazon to make
   Crave available on Prime Video Channels in Canada



2.4            Champion customer experience
          Making it easier for customers to do business                                                            • Leveraged our online and social media platforms to do a better job keeping
          with Bell at every step, from sales to installation,                                                       customers informed through social media and outage notifications accessible
          to ongoing support.                                                                                        online through the MyBell app
                                                                                                                   • Increased our share of digital online service transactions through self-serve tools to
2023 progress                                                                                                        nearly 70% of all digital transactions
• Led national telecom service providers in reducing our share of consumer
                                                                                                                   • Leveraged AI to automate the service experience either through our agents or our
  complaints, according to the 2022–2023 Annual Report from the Commission for
                                                                                                                     digital platforms
  Complaints for Telecom-television Services (CCTS). Bell reduced its share of total
  industry complaints for an eighth consecutive year, decreasing its share of
  complaints by 6% over the previous year.
                                                                                                                   2024 focus
                                                                                                                   • Improve customer experience with continued scaling of digital sales capabilities
• Won a Webby award for the MyBell app (2), recognized by both a panel of expert
                                                                                                                     and functionality
  judges and the voting public. The app was judged among 14,000 applicants
  across criteria including user experience, design, innovation and overall usability.                             • Further improve and expand self-installation capabilities
• Reached one million digital repair sessions on our self-serve Virtual Repair tool,                               • Further improve customer satisfaction scores
  and enhanced the tool with new features such as Wi-Fi check-up to help
                                                                                                                   • Further reduce the total number of customer calls to our call centres as well as the
  customers simplify the repair process
                                                                                                                     number of truck rolls
                                                                                                                   • Continue to invest in AI and machine learning to resolve customer issues faster



2.5            Operate with agility and cost efficiency
          Underscoring our focus on operational                                                                    • Maintained stable BCE consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin (3)
          excellence and cost discipline throughout
                                                                                                                   • Maintained low average after-tax cost of Bell Canada’s publicly issued debt
          every part of our business.
                                                                                                                     securities of 3.0%
2023 progress                                                                                                      2024 focus
• Launched a multi-year operational transformation project to modernize our
                                                                                                                   • Accelerate Bell’s transformation from a telco to a techco
  operations, increase productivity, build tech talent and materially right-size our
  cost base, to support Bell’s evolution from a telco to a techco                                                  • Continued focus on our cost structure
• Undertook restructuring initiatives as a result of the unfavourable economic and                                 • Realize cost savings from:
  regulatory environments                                                                                           • workforce restructuring initiative announced in February 2024, our largest in
• Delivered productivity improvements and cost efficiencies resulting from the                                        nearly 30 years, that will result in the reduction of our workforce by approximately
  expansion of Bell’s all-fibre network footprint and service innovations enabled by                                  4,800 positions, or 9% of all BCE employees in 2024, and is expected to yield
  new broadband technologies                                                                                          in-year cost savings of $150 million to $200 million, or $250 million on an
                                                                                                                      annualized basis
                                                                                                                    • operating efficiencies enabled by our direct fibre footprint


(1) Digital revenues are comprised of advertising revenue from digital platforms including web sites, mobile apps, connected TV apps and OOH digital assets/platforms, as well as advertising procured through Bell digital buying
    platforms and subscription revenue from direct-to-consumer services and VOD services.
(2) The Webby awards are presented annually by the International Academy of Digital Arts & Sciences that honour outstanding digital achievements.
(3) Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by operating revenues.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                               37
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives

 • changes in consumer behaviour and product innovation
                                                                                                                     • new call centre and digital investments
 • digital adoption
                                                                                                                     • other improvements to the customer service experience
 • product and service enhancements
                                                                                                                     • lower contracted rates from our suppliers
 • expanding self-serve capabilities
                                                                                                                     • rationalization of real estate footprint




2.6            Engage and invest in our people and create a sustainable future
           Strengthening our inclusive workplace culture, recognizing                                              • Recognized with a Clean50 Top Project Award for our halocarbon free,
           that Bell’s success requires a dynamic and engaged team                                                   energy-efficient computer room cooling project (7)
           that is committed to the highest ESG standards.
                                                                                                                   • Amended our securitization program to add sustainability-linked pricing that
                                                                                                                     introduces a financing cost that varies based on Bell’s performance of certain
2023 progress                                                                                                        sustainability performance targets
• Named one of Canada’s Top Employers for Young People for the sixth
                                                                                                                   • Entered into our first Sustainability-Linked Derivatives, with a pricing adjustment
  consecutive year by Mediacorp (1)
                                                                                                                     that increases the derivatives’ cost based on Bell’s performance towards its
• Named one of Canada’s Top Family-Friendly Employers for the fourth                                                 science-based target to reduce its operational GHG emissions
  consecutive year by Mediacorp (2)
• Named a Montréal Top Employer for the 11th consecutive year by Mediacorp (3)
                                                                                                                   2024 focus
                                                                                                                   • Continue to support employees with enhanced pension, savings and benefits
• Recognized with a special mention by the Workforce Disclosure Initiative’s (WDI)
                                                                                                                     options that focus on flexibility, inclusion and wellness
  2023 Workforce Transparency Awards
                                                                                                                   • Deliver new Bell U tech training for leaders to advance and build the company’s
• Introduced a new virtual health care program to team members called Dialogue,
                                                                                                                     transformation culture
  making it easier to bring high-quality health care to our team and their families
  when they need it, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week                                                                 • Play an active role in engaging our team and the broader community in diversity
                                                                                                                     issues and deliver on DEIB objectives
• Launched a new Human Rights and Accommodation policy as part of our ongoing
  objective to take action to promote our team’s human rights and continue                                         • Continue to enhance our workplace programs for the mental health and well-being
  fostering an accessible, inclusive and equitable workplace                                                         of all Bell team members, by evolving existing programs and focusing on
                                                                                                                     prevention and protective psychological workplace factors to proactively improve
• Released a new Accessibility Plan on BCE.ca, improving our ongoing focus and
                                                                                                                     mental health
  support for all Canadians
                                                                                                                   • Continue to implement our action plan to address climate change and achieve
• Continued to support our DEIB strategy through various initiatives, policies,
                                                                                                                     carbon neutral operations starting in 2025
  training and multiple employee resource groups, including the launch of a new
  Diversability at Bell employee group to help advance inclusion and promote                                       • In January 2024, we were ranked the most sustainable communications company
  accessibility at Bell                                                                                              in the world in the Corporate Knights Global 100 2024 ranking (8)
• Ranked 1st most sustainable telecom globally and 51st overall in the Corporate                                   • Enhance our Cyber Savvy program for employees, further advancing their cyber
  Knights Global 100 2024 ranking of the most sustainable corporations in the                                        security knowledge and awareness
  world (4)
                                                                                                                   • Continue to advance ESG initiatives and Bell for Better commitments
• Named to the Canada’s Best 50 Corporate Citizens list compiled by Corporate
  Knights, ranking 20th overall (5)
• Named one of Canada’s Greenest Employers for the seventh straight year (6)




(1) Canada’s Top 100 Employers report is issued annually by Medicorp. Winners were evaluated and selected based on programs offered to attract and retain young employees, when compared to other employers in the same
    field.
(2) Canada’s Top 100 Employers report is issued annually by Medicorp. Winners were evaluated and selected based on programs and initiatives offered to help employees balance work and family commitments, when compared
    to other employers in the same field.
(3) Canada’s Top 100 Employers report is issued annually by Medicorp. Winners were evaluated and selected based on progressive and forward-thinking programs offered in a variety of areas, when compared to other
    organizations in the same field.
(4) In January 2024, Corporate Knights, a sustainable-economy media and research company, ranked Bell #1 among telecom providers and #51 overall in its global 2024 ranking of the World’s 100 Most Sustainable Corporations.
    The ranking is based on an assessment of more than 6,000 public companies with revenue over US $1 billion. All companies are scored on applicable metrics relative to their peers, with 50% of the weight assigned to
    sustainable revenue and sustainable investment.
(5) According to Corporate Knights Inc. The annual ranking was released on June 28, 2023 and is based on a set of 25 ESG indicators that compares Canadian companies with a gross revenue of at least $1 billion.
(6) Canada’s Top 100 Employers report is issued annually by Medicorp. Winners were announced in April 2023 and were selected and evaluated in terms of: the unique environmental initiatives and programs they have developed;
    the extent to which they have been successful in reducing the organization’s own environmental footprint; the degree to which their employees are involved in these programs and whether they contribute any unique skills; and
    the extent to which these initiatives have become linked to the employer’s public identity, attracting new employees and clients to the organization.
(7) The Clean50 Awards were founded by Delta Management Group, a sustainability, ESG and clean tech focused search firm in Canada, in June 2011 and have been awarded annually since. Selection is primarily by Delta
    Management, with significant assistance by third- party advisors and based on detailed submissions by nominees. Clean50 Top Projects annually recognize projects completed in the prior two years based on their innovation,
    ability to inform and inspire other Canadians.
(8) According to Corporate Knights Inc.’s global rankings released on January 17, 2024. BCE was ranked #51 overall and #1 in our sector and industry, in its 2024 ranking of the world’s 100 most sustainable corporations. The
    ranking is based on an assessment of more than 6,000 public companies with revenue over US $1 billion. All companies are scored on applicable metrics relative to their peers, with 50% of the weight assigned to sustainable
    revenue and sustainable investment.

38         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks




3                Performance targets, outlook,
                 assumptions and risks
This section provides information pertaining to our performance against 2023 targets, our consolidated business outlook and operating assumptions for 2024
and our principal business risks.



3.1            BCE 2023 performance vs. guidance targets
Financial                      2023                 2023
measure                        target               performance and results
Revenue growth                 1% to 5%             2.1%             BCE revenues grew by 2.1% in 2023, compared to 2022, driven by higher product revenue of 9.4%, and higher service revenue of
                                                                     0.9%, attributable to growth from our Bell CTS segment, moderated by a decline in our Bell Media segment.

Adjusted EBITDA                2% to 5%             2.1%             BCE adjusted EBITDA grew by 2.1% in 2023, compared to 2022, reflecting a greater contribution from our Bell CTS segment, partly
growth                                                               offset by a decline in our Bell Media segment. The growth was driven by higher revenues, moderated by increased operating costs.
Net earnings                   Not applicable       (20.5%)          In 2023, net earnings decreased by 20.5%, compared to 2022, due to higher other expense mainly due to losses on our equity
growth                                                               investments in associates and joint ventures which included a loss on BCE’s share of an obligation to repurchase at fair value the
                                                                     minority interest in one of BCE’s joint ventures, higher interest expense, higher depreciation and amortization and higher severance,
                                                                     acquisition and other costs, partly offset by higher adjusted EBITDA and lower impairment of assets.

Capital intensity (1)          19% to 20%           18.6%            2023 capital expenditures of $4,581 million declined by 10.8% year over year, which corresponded to a capital intensity ratio of 18.6%,
                                                                     down 2.6 pts over last year, driven by lower planned capital spending in 2023 subsequent to accelerated network investments in 2022,
                                                                     as well as an unplanned additional $105 million decrease in Q4 2023 as a result of the CRTC’s decision in November 2023 to mandate
                                                                     wholesale access to Bell’s FTTP network.
Net earnings per share         Not applicable       (23.5%)          Net earnings attributable to common shareholders in 2023 decreased by $640 million, or $0.70 per common share, compared to 2022,
(EPS) growth                                                         due to higher other expense mainly due to losses on our equity investments in associates and joint ventures which included a loss on
                                                                     BCE’s share of an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint ventures, higher interest expense,
                                                                     higher depreciation and amortization and higher severance, acquisition and other costs, partly offset by higher adjusted EBITDA and
                                                                     lower impairment of assets.

Adjusted net earnings          (7%) to (3%)         (4.2%)           Excluding the impact of severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market gains (losses) on derivatives used to economically
per share (adjusted                                                  hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans, net equity gains (losses) on investments in associates and joint ventures, net
EPS) (2) growth                                                      gains (losses) on investments, early debt redemption costs and impairment of assets, net of tax and non-controlling interest (NCI),
                                                                     adjusted net earnings in 2023 was $2,926 million, or $3.21 per common share, compared to $3,057 million, or $3.35 per common
                                                                     share, in 2022.
Cash flows from                Not applicable       (5.0%)           In 2023, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities of $7,946 million decreased by $419 million, compared to 2022, mainly due to
operating activities                                                 lower cash from working capital, in part from timing of supplier payments, and higher interest paid, partly offset by higher adjusted
growth                                                               EBITDA and lower contributions to post-employment benefit plans.

Free cash flow growth          2% to 10%            2.5%             Free cash flow of $3,144 million in 2023 increased by $77 million compared to 2022, mainly due to lower capital expenditures, partly
                                                                     offset by lower cash flows from operating activities, excluding cash from acquisition and other costs paid.
Annualized dividend            $3.87 per share      $3.87 per        Annualized dividend per BCE common share for 2023 increased by $0.19 cents, or 5.2%, to $3.87 compared to $3.68 per share in
per common share                                    share            2022.

(1) Capital intensity is defined as capital expenditures divided by operating revenues.
(2) Adjusted EPS is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to section 11.2, Non-GAAP ratios in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

                                                                                                                                                                                                             39
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks



3.2         Business outlook and assumptions
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our projected financial performance, our anticipated capital expenditures and network deployment
plans, and our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.


2024 outlook
2024 will be an important transformation year for BCE. We look to maintain              • Accelerating our business markets growth in cloud, security and workflow
operational momentum, while balancing growth with financial performance, as we            automation solutions
continue our transition to a tech services and digital media company. Our outlook
                                                                                        • Maintaining our strength in digital media driven by our advanced advertising
for 2024 takes into consideration potential recessionary and competitive pricing
                                                                                          capabilities, premium inventory and new distribution initiatives
pressures, as well as the financial impact of our strategic distribution partnership
with Best Buy Canada that will result in a decrease in largely consumer electronics     • Realizing cost savings from our transformation initiatives, including workforce
related revenue from our consolidated results. The impact of this partnership on          reductions
BCE’s adjusted EBITDA will not be material given relatively low margins for
consumer electronics. Our 2024 outlook also reflects the impacts of our workforce       Underpinning our outlook for 2024 is a stable financial profile that reflects our sound
restructuring and other transformation initiatives that aim to better position the      operating fundamentals and consistent execution in a competitive marketplace.
company for future growth and success.                                                  Wireless, retail Internet and IPTV subscriber base growth, together with promotional
                                                                                        offer discipline and the flow-through of operating cost savings from transformation
Our strategic priorities in 2024 centre on:                                             initiatives, including a reduced workforce, are projected to drive year-over-year
                                                                                        growth in revenue and adjusted EBITDA. Directly as a result of federal government
• Accelerating growth investments, including in cloud and security services,
                                                                                        policies and the CRTC’s decision in November 2023 to mandate wholesale access
  advanced advertising and digital transformation, while de-emphasizing and
                                                                                        to Bell’s FTTP network, we plan a significant reduction in capital expenditures that
  reducing spending on highly-regulated and declining businesses
                                                                                        will lead to a slowdown in our pure fibre build and lower spending in highly-regulated
• Maintaining focus on premium mobile phone subscriber acquisition with                 businesses. Despite expected growth in adjusted EBITDA and lower planned capital
  increased emphasis on market growth                                                   expenditures, a combination of higher severance payments related to workforce
                                                                                        restructuring initiatives, higher interest paid and lower projected cash from working
• Leveraging our existing fibre footprint, network speed leadership and product
                                                                                        capital is expected to drive lower free cash flow.
  strength to drive greater cross-sell penetration of Internet households with
  wireless



Assumptions
Assumptions about the Canadian economy                                                  • A shrinking data and voice connectivity market as business customers migrate to
                                                                                          lower-priced telecommunications solutions or alternative OTT competitors
• Slowing economic growth, given the Bank of Canada’s most recent estimated
  growth in Canadian gross domestic product of 0.8% in 2024, down from 1.0% in          • The Canadian advertising market is experiencing a slowdown consistent with
  2023                                                                                    trends in the global advertising market, with improvement expected in the medium
                                                                                          term, although visibility to the specific timing and pace of recovery remains limited
• Easing, but still elevated, consumer price index (CPI) inflation as the effects of
  past interest rate increases work through the economy                                 • Declines in broadcasting distribution undertaking (BDU) subscribers driven by
                                                                                          increasing competition from the continued rollout of subscription video on demand
• Easing labour market conditions                                                         (SVOD) streaming services together with further scaling of OTT aggregators
• Muted growth in household spending due to slow labour income growth, high
  debt-servicing costs and weak consumer confidence                                     Assumptions underlying expected continuing
• Soft business investment growth due to slow demand and still-elevated borrowing       contribution holiday in 2024 in the majority
  costs                                                                                 of our pension plans
• Prevailing high interest rates expected to remain at or near current levels           • At the relevant time, our defined benefit (DB) pension plans will remain in funded
• Population growth resulting from strong immigration                                     positions with going concern surpluses and maintain solvency ratios that exceed
                                                                                          the minimum legal requirements for a contribution holiday to be taken for applicable
• Canadian dollar expected to remain near current levels. Further movements may           DB and defined contribution (DC) components
  be impacted by the degree of strength of the U.S. dollar, interest rates and
  changes in commodity prices.                                                          • No significant declines in our DB pension plans’ financial position due to declines in
                                                                                          investment returns or interest rates
Market assumptions                                                                      • No material experience losses from other events such as through litigation or
                                                                                          changes in laws, regulations or actuarial standards
• A higher level of wireline and wireless competition in consumer, business and
  wholesale markets
• Higher, but slowing, wireless industry penetration

40       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks



3.3         Principal business risks
Provided below is a summary description of certain of our principal business risks       high housing support costs relative to income, and financial and capital market
that could have a material adverse effect on all of our segments. Certain additional     volatility. All of these could negatively affect our business and financial results,
business segment-specific risks are reported in section 5, Business segment              including by adversely affecting business and customer spending and the resulting
analysis. For a detailed description of the principal risks relating to our regulatory   demand for our products and services, our customers’ financial condition, the
environment and of the other principal business risks that could have a material         availability of our offerings in light of supply chain disruptions, and the cost and
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or     amount of funding available in the financial markets.
reputation, refer to section 8, Regulatory environment and section 9, Business
risks, respectively.                                                                     Furthermore, risk factors including, without limitation, those described in this MD&A,
                                                                                         could be exacerbated, or become more likely to materialize, as a result of
                                                                                         geopolitical events, which could have an adverse impact on our business or future
General economic conditions                                                              financial results and related assumptions, the extent of which is difficult to predict.
and geopolitical events                                                                  Geopolitical events could adversely impact the global economy and cause financial
Our business and financial results could be negatively affected by adverse               and capital market volatility, broader geopolitical instability and armed conflicts,
economic conditions, including a potential recession. The current global economic        higher energy prices, increased inflationary pressures limiting consumer and
environment could further exacerbate pre-existing risk factors, including those          business spending and increasing our operating costs, disruptions in our supply
described in this MD&A, in light of slowing Canadian economic growth, elevated           chain and increased information security threats.
CPI inflation, high interest rates,



Regulatory environment and compliance


Our regulatory environment influences our strategies, and adverse                        Failure to proactively address our legal and regulatory obligations, and our
governmental or regulatory decisions could have negative financial,                      involvement in various claims and legal proceedings, could have an adverse
operational, reputational or competitive consequences for our business                   effect on our business, financial performance and reputation
Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated, government agencies        Changes in laws or regulations, or in how they are interpreted, and the adoption of
and departments such as the CRTC, ISED, Canadian Heritage and the                        new laws or regulations, as well as pending or future litigation, could have an
Competition Bureau continue to play a significant role in regulatory matters such as     adverse effect on our business, financial performance and reputation. The increase
establishing and modifying regulations for mandatory access to networks,                 in laws and regulations around customer interactions and the technological evolution
spectrum auctions, the imposition of consumer-related codes of conduct, approval         of our business further create an environment of complex compliance requirements
of acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign ownership requirements,       that must be adequately managed. The failure to monitor and comply with legal or
privacy and cybersecurity obligations, and control of copyright piracy. As with all      regulatory obligations applicable to us could expose us to litigation, significant fines
regulated organizations, strategies are contingent upon regulatory decisions.            and penalties, and operational restrictions, as well as result in reputational harm.
Adverse decisions by governments or regulatory agencies, increased regulation or         Heightened focus on consumer protection through provincial legislation and
lack of effective anti-piracy remedies could have negative financial, operational,       regulatory consumer codes, as well as increased legal and regulatory pressure in
reputational or competitive consequences for our business.                               the areas of privacy, accessibility, data governance and other ESG topics, require
                                                                                         that we build and operationalize enhanced compliance frameworks and could further
For a discussion of our regulatory environment and the principal risks related           increase the company’s exposure to investigations, litigation, sanctions, fines and
thereto, refer to section 8, Regulatory environment as well as the segment               reputational harm.
discussion under Principal business risks in section 5.1, Bell CTS.
                                                                                         We become involved in various claims and legal proceedings as part of our
                                                                                         business. For a description of important legal proceedings involving us, please see
                                                                                         the section entitled Legal proceedings contained in the BCE 2023 AIF.

                                                                                                                                                                              41
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks


Competitive environment


Competitive activity in our industry is intense and competitive dynamics are            We expect these trends to continue in the future, and the increased competition we
evolving, contributing to disruptions in each of our business segments                  face as a result could negatively impact our business including, without limitation, in
                                                                                        the following ways:
Our market landscape is being reshaped by changing macroeconomic and
regulatory environments, increasing global and national competition, and evolving       • The acceleration of disruptions and disintermediation in each of our business
customer preferences. As our business evolves and technological advances drive            segments could adversely affect our business and financial results
new services, delivery models and strategic partnerships, our competitive               • Adverse economic conditions, such as economic downturns or recessions, high
landscape continues to intensify and expand to include new and emerging                   interest rates and elevated inflation, adverse conditions in the financial markets or a
competitors, certain of which were historically our partners or suppliers, as well as     declining level of retail and commercial activity, could have a negative impact on
global-scale competitors, including, in particular, cloud and OTT service providers,      the demand for, and prices of, our wireline, wireless and media products and
IoT hardware and software providers, VoIP providers and other web-based players           services, and improve the competitive position of lower-cost providers
that are penetrating the communications space with significant resources and a
large customer base over which to amortize costs. Certain of these competitors are      • Competitors’ aggressive market offers, combined with heightened customer
changing the competitive landscape by establishing a material market presence,            sensitivity around pricing, could result in pricing pressures, lower margins and
which has accelerated in recent years. Established competitors further seek to            increased costs of customer acquisition and retention, and our market share and
consolidate or expand their product offerings through acquisitions in order to            sales volumes could decrease if we do not match competitors’ pricing levels or
increase scale and market opportunities in light of these changes in market               increase customer acquisition and retention spending
dynamics. In particular, the combination of Rogers Communications Inc. (Rogers)         • Should our value proposition on pricing, network, speed, service or features not be
with Shaw Communications Inc. (Shaw) in April 2023 created a Canadian                     considered sufficient for customers in light of available alternatives, or should our
competitor with larger scale, and the acquisition of Freedom Mobile by Vidéotron          products and services not be provided over customers’ preferred delivery channels,
Ltd. (Vidéotron) also increases its scale with a change in competitive dynamics in        this could lead to increased churn
several provinces, which could have adverse implications in particular for our Bell
CTS segment. Failure to effectively respond to such evolving competitive dynamics       • The shift to online transactions could cause a reduction in in-store traffic, which
could adversely affect our business and financial results.                                could adversely impact our ability to leverage our extensive retail network to
                                                                                          increase the number of subscribers and sell our products and services
Technology substitution, IP networks and recent regulatory decisions, in particular,
continue to facilitate entry in our industry. In addition, the effects of government    • Evolving customer behaviour could result in ongoing customer suppression of
policies that result in the acquisition of spectrum at favourable pricing by regional     mobile phone data and offloading onto Wi-Fi networks, as well as influence
facilities-based wireless service providers distort market dynamics. These factors        customer adoption of new services including, without limitation, 5G and IoT
have changed industry economics and allowed competitors to launch new products          • The convergence of wireline and wireless services is impacting product purchase
and services and gain market share with far less investment in financial, marketing,      choice by customers and could increase product substitution in favour of lower-
human, technological and network resources than has historically been required. In        margin products as well as increase churn. These trends are expected to increase
particular, with regulatory decisions mandating wholesale rates for wireline Internet     with the continued adoption of 5G and 5G+.
and mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) access, competitors can deliver their
services over our networks, leveraging regulatory obligations applicable to us,         • Increased embedded SIM (eSIM) adoption makes it easier for customers to change
therefore limiting their need to invest in building their own networks and impacting      service providers and has the potential to upend existing distribution models,
the network-based differentiation of our services. Such lower required investment         including negatively impacting roaming revenue
challenges the monetization of our networks and our operating model. Moreover,          • Regulatory decisions regarding wholesale access to our wireless and fibre
foreign OTT players are currently not subject to the same Canadian content                networks could facilitate entry of new competitors, including OTT players, or
investment obligations as those imposed on Canadian domestic digital suppliers,           strengthen the market position of current competitors, or encourage existing
which provides them with a competitive advantage over us.                                 competitors to expand beyond their traditional footprint, which may negatively
                                                                                          impact our retail subscriber base in favour of lower-margin wholesale subscribers
New technologies create a potential for diversifying our product and service
                                                                                          and thus could negatively impact our capacity to optimize scale and invest in our
offerings and create growth opportunities. However, if we are unable to develop
                                                                                          networks
and deploy new solutions in advance of or concurrently with our competitors, if the
market does not adopt these new technologies in pace with our deployment of new         • The extent and timely rollout of fibre networks and 5G and 5G+ mobile services
solutions, or if we fail to adequately assess and manage the risks associated with        may be adversely impacted by government and regulatory decisions, constraints
these new solutions, our business and financial results could be adversely                on access to and price of network equipment, labour shortages and potential
affected.                                                                                 operational challenges in delivering new technology

42      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks

• Cloud-based and OTT-based substitution and the market expansion of lower-cost          increases in content acquisition and development costs as well as reduced access
  VoIP, collaboration and software-defined networking in a wide area network (SD         to key content as some competitors withhold content to enhance their OTT service
  WAN) solutions offered by local and global competitors, such as traditional            offering
  software players, are changing our approach to service offerings and pricing and
                                                                                        • The proliferation of content piracy could negatively impact our ability to monetize
  could have an adverse effect on our business
                                                                                          products and services beyond our current expectations, while creating bandwidth
• Increased insolvency, spending rationalization and consolidation by business            pressure without corresponding revenue growth in the context of regulated
  customers could lead to further disruptions in our Bell CTS segment, driven by          wholesale high-speed Internet access rates
  technology substitution, economic factors and customers’ operational efficiencies
                                                                                        • Our ability to grow digital and other alternative advertising revenue, in the context
• The pressure from simpler, lower-cost, agile service models is driving in-sourcing      of a changing and fragmented advertising market, is being challenged by global-
  trends, which could have an adverse impact on our managed services business             scale players
• Greater customer adoption of services like 5G, as well as IoT services and            • Traditional radio faces accelerated substitution from new music players and
  applications in the areas of retail (e.g., home automation), business (e.g., remote     alternative streaming services such as those offered by global audio streaming
  monitoring), transportation (e.g., connected car and asset tracking) and urban city     players and those made available by new technologies, including smart car
  optimization (smart cities), combined with the increased use of AI, is expected to      services
  accelerate competition in these areas
                                                                                        • The launch by Canadian and international competitors of low earth orbit (LEO)
• Subscriber and viewer growth is challenged by changing viewer habits, the               satellites to provide connectivity, primarily in rural areas and the North, intensifies
  expansion and continued market penetration of global scale low-cost OTT content         competition, which could adversely affect our network deployment strategy in such
  providers, OTT aggregators and other alternative service providers, some of             areas and negatively impact demand for our connectivity services. The ability of our
  which may offer content and platforms as loss leaders to support their core             subsidiary Northwestel, operating in Canada’s North, to respond to the competitive
  business, as well as account stacking, CRTC arbitration and a fragmentation of          threat from these providers is further hampered by CRTC retail Internet regulations.
  audiences due to an abundance of choices
                                                                                        For a further discussion of our competitive environment and related risks, as well as
• Competition, with both global competitors and traditional Canadian TV                 a list of our main competitors, on a segmented basis, refer to Competitive landscape
  competitors, for programming content could drive significant                          and industry trends and Principal business risks in section 5, Business segment
                                                                                        analysis.


Technology/infrastructure transformation


The evolution and transformation of our networks, systems and operations                or to invest and evolve in the appropriate direction in an environment of changing
using next-generation technologies, while lowering our cost structure, are              business models, could limit our ability to deliver value to our customers through
essential to effective competition and customer experience                              easy and simple buy and support interactions and through enabling them to get what
                                                                                        they want much faster through any channel, as well as limit our customers’ ability to
Globalization, increased competition and ongoing technological advances are             receive products, services and content to any device or location regardless of
driving customer expectations for faster market responses, improved customer            network access type. As a result, this could have an adverse impact on our business
service, enhanced user experiences and cost-effective delivery. Meeting these           and financial results.
expectations requires the deployment of new service and product technologies
along with customer service tools that are network-neutral and based on a more          Our network and IT evolution activities seek to use new as well as evolving and
collaborative and integrated development environment. The availability of improved      developing technologies, including network functions virtualization, software-defined
networks and software technologies further provides the foundation for better and       networks, cloud technologies, MEC, open source software, AI and machine learning.
faster connections, which have in turn led to a significant growth in IoT               They further seek to transform our networks and systems through consolidation,
applications. Change can be difficult and may present unforeseen obstacles that         virtualization and automation to achieve our objectives of becoming more agile in our
might impact successful execution, and this transition is made more challenging by      service delivery and operations, as well as providing omni-channel capabilities for
the complexity of our multi-product environment, combined with the complexity of        our customers and driving lower costs. Our evolution activities also focus on building
our network and IT infrastructure.                                                      next-generation converged wireline and wireless networks leveraging smart-core
                                                                                        technologies, to enable competitive quality and customer experience at a
We are pursuing a transformation from a telco to a techco, which entails                competitive cost structure amid rapidly growing capacity requirements. Alignment
fundamentally improving the experience and value we deliver to customers                across technology platforms, product and service development and operations is
enabled by modernized infrastructure, simplified business processes, and a right        increasingly critical to ensure appropriate trade-offs and optimization of capital
sized cost model. Failure to successfully pursue this transformation and accurately     allocation. Failure to adopt best-in-class
assess the potential of new technologies,

                                                                                                                                                                              43
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks

technology practices in transforming our operations in order to enable a truly          • Suboptimal capital deployment in network build, infrastructure and process
customer-centric service experience may hinder our ability to build customers’ trust      upgrades, and customer service improvements, could hinder our ability to compete
in our innovation and technological capabilities and our ability to compete on            effectively
footprint, service experience and cost structure. Any one or more of the above
                                                                                        • Execution risk and lower or slower than expected savings achieved through
could have an adverse impact on our business, financial results and reputation.
                                                                                          targeted savings initiatives (e.g., vendor management, real estate optimization)
Customer retention and new customer acquisitions may be hindered during our               could impact our ability to invest in the transformation
transformation activities if such transformation causes poor service performance,       • We, and other telecommunications carriers upon which we rely to provide services,
which in turn may adversely affect our ability to achieve operational and financial       must be able to purchase high-quality, reputable network equipment and services
objectives. Failure to quickly maximize adaptable infrastructures, processes and          from third-party suppliers on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost
technologies to efficiently respond to evolving customer patterns and behaviours
and to leverage IP and automation across many facets of our network, product and        • Network construction and deployment on municipal or private property requires the
service portfolio could inhibit a fully customer-centric approach. This could reduce      issuance of municipal or property owner consents, respectively, for the installation
our ability to provide comprehensive self-serve convenience, real-time                    of network equipment, which could increase the cost of, and cause delays in, fibre
provisioning, cost savings and flexibility in delivery and consumption, leading to        and wireless rollouts
negative business and financial outcomes.                                               • The successful deployment of 5G mobile services could be impacted by various
We further seek to expand our network footprint to enhance our value proposition          factors affecting coverage and costs
and meet customer needs while deploying technologies to support growth.                 • Higher demand for faster Internet speed and capacity, coupled with governmental
However, adverse government, regulatory or court decisions may impact the                 policies and initiatives, creates tensions around FTTP deployment in terms of
specific nature, magnitude, location and timing of investment decisions. In               geographic preference and pace of rollout
particular, the requirement to provide aggregated access to our FTTP facilities on a
wholesale basis, lowering of rates by the CRTC of mandated wholesale services           • The increasing dependence on applications for content delivery, sales, customer
over FTTP and/or FTTN, the imposition of unfavourable terms or the adoption of            engagement and service experience drives the need for new and scarce
unfavourable rates in arbitration processes associated with the facilities-based          capabilities (sourced internally or externally), that may not be available, as well as
MVNO access service the CRTC has implemented, the potential for additional                the need for associated operating processes integrated into ongoing operations
mandated access to our networks, or the imposition of broader wholesale                 • New products, services or applications could reduce demand for our existing, more
obligations on wireless networks would undermine the incentives for facilities-           profitable service offerings or cause prices for those services to decline, and could
based digital infrastructure providers to invest in next-generation wireline and          result in a shorter life cycle for existing or developing technologies, which could
wireless networks. Failure to continue investment in next-generation capabilities in      increase depreciation and amortization expense
a disciplined, timely and strategic manner could limit our ability to compete
effectively and to achieve desired business and financial results.                      • The decommissioning of legacy equipment could be challenged by customer
                                                                                          requirements to continue using older technologies as well as inherent risks involved
Other examples of risks that could affect the achievement of our desired                  with transitioning to new systems
technology/infrastructure transformation include the following:
                                                                                        • As content providers’ business models change, content consumption habits evolve
• The current global economic environment as well as geopolitical events may              and viewing options increase, our ability to aggregate and distribute relevant
  bring about further incremental costs, delays or unavailability of equipment,           content and our ability to develop alternative delivery vehicles to compete in new
  materials and resources, which may impact our ability to continue building next-        markets and increase customer engagement and revenue streams may be
  generation converged networks and drive other transformation initiatives                hindered by the significant software development and network investment required
• Challenges in hiring, retaining, insourcing, and developing technical and skilled     • Successfully managing the development and deployment of relevant product
  resources could adversely impact transformation activities. Potential deterioration     solutions on a timely basis to match the speed of adoption of IoT in the areas of
  in employee morale and de-prioritization of transformation initiatives due to staff     retail, business and government could be challenging
  reductions, cost reductions or reorganizations could adversely affect our
                                                                                        • Customers continue to expect improvements in customer service, new functions
  transformation and financial results.
                                                                                          and features, and reductions in the price charged to provide those services. Our
                                                                                          ability to provide such improvements increasingly relies upon using a number of
                                                                                          rapidly evolving technologies, including AI, machine learning and “big data”.
                                                                                          However, the use of such technologies is being increasingly scrutinized by
                                                                                          legislators and regulators. If we cannot build market-leading competencies in the
                                                                                          use of these emerging technologies in a way that respects societal values, we may
                                                                                          not be able to continue to meet changing customer expectations and to continue to
                                                                                          grow our business.

44      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis




4                 Consolidated financial analysis
This section provides detailed information and analysis about BCE’s performance in 2023 compared with 2022. It focuses on BCE’s consolidated operating
results and provides financial information for our Bell CTS and Bell Media business segments. For further discussion and analysis of our business segments,
refer to section 5, Business segment analysis.



4.1            Introduction
BCE consolidated income statements
                                                                                                      2023            2022         $ change       % change

Operating revenues
   Service                                                                                          21,154          20,956             198           0.9%
   Product                                                                                           3,519           3,218             301           9.4%
Total operating revenues                                                                            24,673          24,174             499           2.1%
Operating costs                                                                                    (14,256)        (13,975)           (281)          (2.0%)

Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                     10,417          10,199             218           2.1%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                              42.2%           42.2%                                –
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                (200)            (94)           (106)           n.m.
Depreciation                                                                                        (3,745)         (3,660)             (85)         (2.3%)
Amortization                                                                                        (1,173)         (1,063)            (110)        (10.3%)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                                 (1,475)         (1,146)           (329)         (28.7%)
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                                         108              51              57            n.m.
Impairment of assets                                                                                  (143)           (279)            136          48.7%
Other expense                                                                                         (466)           (115)           (351)           n.m.
Income taxes                                                                                          (996)           (967)             (29)         (3.0%)
Net earnings                                                                                         2,327           2,926            (599)         (20.5%)

Net earnings attributable to:
   Common shareholders                                                                               2,076           2,716            (640)         (23.6%)
   Preferred shareholders                                                                             187             152               35          23.0%
   Non-controlling interest                                                                            64              58                 6         10.3%
Net earnings                                                                                         2,327           2,926            (599)         (20.5%)

Adjusted net earnings                                                                                2,926           3,057            (131)          (4.3%)
Net earnings per common share (EPS)                                                                   2.28            2.98            (0.70)        (23.5%)

Adjusted EPS                                                                                          3.21            3.35            (0.14)         (4.2%)

n.m.: not meaningful

                                                                                                                                                         45
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis


BCE statements of cash flows – selected information
                                                                                                              2023               2022           $ change          % change

Cash flows from operating activities                                                                           7,946              8,365               (419)            (5.0%)
Capital expenditures                                                                                          (4,581)            (5,133)              552             10.8%
Free cash flow                                                                                                 3,144              3,067                77               2.5%



BCE operating revenues grew by 2.1% in 2023, compared to last year, attributable      BCE’s adjusted EBITDA grew by 2.1% in 2023, compared to last year, driven by
to higher product revenues of 9.4%, primarily due to greater wireless device sales,   growth from our Bell CTS segment, partly offset by a decline in our Bell Media
coupled with higher wireline equipment sales to large enterprise customers due to     segment. The year-over-year increase in adjusted EBITDA reflected higher operating
the alleviating year-over-year impact from global supply chain disruptions            revenues, partly offset by increased operating expenses, primarily attributable to
experienced in 2022. Service revenues also contributed to the growth in BCE           greater cost of revenue, associated with the revenue growth, moderated by various
operating revenues, increasing by 0.9% year over year, mainly from higher             cost reduction initiatives and operating efficiencies. This drove a corresponding
wireless and Internet revenues combined with the contribution from various            adjusted EBITDA margin of 42.2% in 2023, which remained unchanged from last
acquisitions made during the year. This was moderated by continued erosion in         year.
legacy voice, data and satellite TV revenues, as well as lower media advertising
revenues, primarily driven by ongoing unfavourable economic conditions.               In 2023, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities decreased by $419 million,
                                                                                      compared to 2022, mainly due to lower cash from working capital, in part from timing
In 2023, net earnings decreased by 20.5%, compared to 2022, due to higher other       of supplier payments, and higher interest paid, partly offset by higher adjusted
expense mainly due to losses on our equity investments in associates and joint        EBITDA and lower contributions to post-employment benefit plans.
ventures which included a loss on BCE’s share of an obligation to repurchase at
fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint ventures, higher interest      Free cash flow increased by $77 million in 2023, compared to 2022, mainly due to
expense, higher depreciation and amortization and higher severance, acquisition       lower capital expenditures, partly offset by lower cash flows from operating activities,
and other costs, partly offset by higher adjusted EBITDA and lower impairment of      excluding cash from acquisition and other costs paid.
assets.




4.2             Customer connections


BCE net activations (losses)
                                                                                                                                2023                2022          % change

Mobile phone net subscriber activations (losses)                                                                               411,189            489,901             (16.1%)
     Postpaid                                                                                                                  426,172            439,842              (3.1%)
  Prepaid                                                                                                                      (14,983)            50,059               n.m.
Mobile connected device net subscriber activations                                                                             293,307            202,024             45.2%
Retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations                                                                          187,126            201,762              (7.3%)
Retail TV net subscriber (losses) activations                                                                                   (26,449)            5,148               n.m.
     IPTV                                                                                                                       81,918             94,400             (13.2%)
   Satellite                                                                                                                  (108,367)           (89,252)            (21.4%)
Retail residential NAS lines net losses                                                                                       (176,612)          (175,788)             (0.5%)
Total services net activations                                                                                                 688,561            723,047              (4.8%)

n.m.: not meaningful

46          BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis

Total BCE customer connections
                                                                                                                                                                                      2023                    2022               % change

Mobile phone subscribers (2)                                                                                                                                                10,287,046                  9,949,086                   3.4%
    Postpaid (2)                                                                                                                                                             9,422,830                  9,069,887                   3.9%
  Prepaid                                                                                                                                                                      864,216                    879,199                  (1.7%)
Mobile connected devices subscribers (2)                                                                                                                                     2,732,548                  2,451,818                  11.4%
Retail high-speed Internet subscribers (1) (3) (4)                                                                                                                           4,473,429                  4,258,570                   5.0%
Retail TV subscribers (1) (4)                                                                                                                                                2,725,292                  2,751,498                   (1.0%)
    IPTV (1) (4)                                                                                                                                                             2,070,342                  1,988,181                   4.1%
   Satellite                                                                                                                                                                   654,950                    763,317                 (14.2%)
Retail residential NAS lines (1) (4)                                                                                                                                         2,021,617                  2,190,771                  (7.7%)
Total services subscribers                                                                                                                                                  22,239,932               21,601,743                     3.0%

(1) In Q2 2023, our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 35,080, 243 and 7,458 subscribers, respectively, as a result of small acquisitions.
(2) In Q1 2023, we adjusted our mobile phone postpaid and mobile connected device subscriber bases to remove older non-revenue generating business subscribers of 73,229 and 12,577, respectively.
(3) In Q1 2023, subsequent to a review of customer account records, our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base was reduced by 7,347 subscribers.
(4) In Q4 2022, as a result of the acquisition of Distributel, our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 128,065, 2,315 and 64,498 subscribers, respectively.



BCE added 688,561 net retail subscriber activations in 2023, down 4.8%                                                  At December 31, 2023, BCE’s retail subscriber connections totaled 22,239,932, up
compared to last year. The net retail subscriber activations in 2023 consisted of:                                      3.0% year over year, and consisted of:
• 411,189 mobile phone net subscriber activations, along with 293,307 mobile                                            • 10,287,046 mobile phone subscribers, up 3.4% year over year, and 2,732,548
  connected device net subscriber activations                                                                             mobile connected device subscribers, up 11.4% year over year
• 187,126 retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations                                                         • 4,473,429 retail high-speed Internet subscribers, 5.0% higher year over year
• 26,449 retail TV net subscriber losses comprised of 108,367 retail satellite TV net                                   • 2,725,292 total retail TV subscribers, comprised of 2,070,342 retail IPTV
  subscriber losses, partly offset by 81,918 retail IPTV net subscriber activations                                       subscribers, up 4.1% year over year, and 654,950 retail satellite TV subscribers,
                                                                                                                          down 14.2% year over year
• 176,612 retail residential NAS lines net losses
                                                                                                                        • 2,021,617 retail residential NAS lines, down 7.7% year over year




4.3                Operating revenues
BCE
Revenues
(in $ millions)




                                                                                                                                                                               2023              2022         $ change           % change

                                                                         Bell CTS                                                                                           21,926            21,301                 625            2.9%
                                                                         Bell Media                                                                                           3,117             3,254               (137)           (4.2%)
                                                                         Inter-segment eliminations                                                                            (370)             (381)                11            2.9%

                                                                         Total BCE operating revenues                                                                       24,673            24,174                 499            2.1%




BCE
BCE operating revenues increased by 2.1% in 2023, compared to last year, driven                                         and service revenues of 9.4% and 1.8%, respectively. The higher service revenues
by 9.4% higher product revenues of $3,519 million and 0.9% higher service                                               were driven by ongoing growth in wireless and wireline data revenues, moderated by
revenues of $21,154 million. The year-over-year growth in operating revenues                                            continued erosion in wireline voice revenues. Bell Media operating revenues
reflected higher revenues from our Bell CTS segment, partly offset by a decline in                                      declined by 4.2% in 2023, compared to last year, from lower advertising revenues,
our Bell Media segment. Bell CTS operating revenues grew by 2.9%, year over                                             partly offset by higher subscriber revenues.
year, due to higher product


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        47
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis



4.4               Operating costs
BCE                                                                                                                     BCE
Operating costs                                                                                                         Operating cost profile
(in $ millions)




                                                                                                                                                        2023                    2022                $ change          % change

Bell CTS                                                                                                                                            (12,206)                 (11,847)                    (359)           (3.0%)
Bell Media                                                                                                                                            (2,420)                 (2,509)                      89            3.5%
Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                                               370                     381                      (11)           (2.9%)

Total BCE operating costs                                                                                                                           (14,256)                 (13,975)                   (281)            (2.0%)

(1) Cost of revenues includes costs of wireless devices and other equipment sold, network and content costs, and payments to other carriers.
(2) Labour costs (net of capitalized costs) include wages, salaries and related taxes and benefits, post-employment benefit plans service cost, and other labour costs, including contractor and outsourcing costs.
(3) Other operating costs include marketing, advertising and sales commission costs, bad debt expense, taxes other than income taxes, IT costs, professional service fees and rent.


BCE
BCE operating costs increased by 2.0% in 2023, compared to last year, due to higher expenses at Bell CTS of 3.0%, primarily reflecting increased cost of revenues
associated with the revenue growth, partly offset by lower expenses at Bell Media of 3.5%, due to lower programming and content costs.



4.5               Net earnings
BCE                                                                         In 2023, net earnings decreased by 20.5%, compared to 2022, due to higher other expense mainly due to losses on
Net earnings                                                                our equity investments in associates and joint ventures which included a loss on BCE’s share of an obligation to
(in $ millions)                                                             repurchase at fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint ventures, higher interest expense, higher
                                                                            depreciation and amortization and higher severance, acquisition and other costs, partly offset by higher adjusted
                                                                            EBITDA and lower impairment of assets.




48         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis



4.6               Adjusted EBITDA
BCE                                                      BCE
Adjusted EBITDA                                          Adjusted EBITDA
(in $ millions)                                          (in $ millions)
                                                         (% adjusted EBITDA margin)




                                                                                                                    2023                 2022      $ change          % change

Bell CTS                                                                                                          9,720                 9,454           266              2.8%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                            44.3%                 44.4%                         (0.1) pts
Bell Media                                                                                                          697                   745           (48)             (6.4%)
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                            22.4%                 22.9%                         (0.5) pts
Total BCE adjusted EBITDA                                                                                        10,417             10,199              218              2.1%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                            42.2%                 42.2%                                –


BCE
BCE’s adjusted EBITDA grew by 2.1% in 2023, compared to last year, driven by a higher year-over-year contribution from Bell CTS of 2.8%, moderated by a decline in Bell
Media of 6.4%. The increase in adjusted EBITDA was driven by higher operating revenues, partly offset by increased operating expenses. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 42.2%
in 2023 remained unchanged from 2022.



4.7               Severance, acquisition and other costs
This category includes various income and expenses that are not related directly to the operating revenues generated during the year. This includes severance costs
consisting of charges related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations, as well as transaction costs, such as legal and financial advisory fees, related to completed
or potential acquisitions, employee severance costs related to the purchase of a business, the costs to integrate acquired companies into our operations, costs relating to
litigation and regulatory decisions, when they are significant, and other costs.

BCE                                                                                      2023
Severance, acquisition                                                                   Severance, acquisition and other costs included:
and other costs
(in $ millions)                                                                          • Severance costs of $134 million related to involuntary and voluntary employee
                                                                                           terminations
                                                                                         • Acquisition and other costs of $66 million

                                                                                         2022
                                                                                         Severance, acquisition and other costs included:
                                                                                         • Severance costs of $83 million related to involuntary and voluntary employee
                                                                                           terminations
                                                                                         • Acquisition and other costs of $11 million




                                                                                                                                                                              49
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis



4.8               Depreciation and amortization
The amount of our depreciation and                            BCE                                             BCE
amortization in any year is affected by:                      Depreciation                                    Amortization
• How much we invested in new property, plant                 (in $ millions)                                 (in $ millions)
  and equipment and intangible assets in
  previous years
• How many assets we retired during the year
• Estimates of the useful lives of assets




Depreciation                                                                       Amortization
Depreciation in 2023 increased by $85 million, compared to 2022, mainly due to a   Amortization in 2023 increased by $110 million, compared to 2022, mainly due to a
higher asset base as we continued to invest in our broadband and wireless          higher asset base.
networks.




4.9               Finance costs
                                            BCE                                    Interest expense
BCE
                                            Net return on                          Interest expense in 2023 increased by $329 million, compared to 2022, mainly due
Interest expense
                                            post-employment                        to higher average debt balances and higher interest rates.
(in $ millions)
                                            benefit plans
                                            (in $ millions)                        Net return on post-employment benefit plans
                                                                                   Net return on our post-employment benefit plans is based on market conditions that
                                                                                   existed at the beginning of the year as well as the net post-employment benefit plan
                                                                                   asset (liability). On January 1, 2023, the discount rate was 5.3% compared to 3.2%
                                                                                   on January 1, 2022.
                                                                                   In 2023, net return on post-employment benefit plans increased by $57 million,
                                                                                   compared to last year, as a result of a higher discount rate in 2023 and a higher net
                                                                                   asset position.
                                                                                   The impacts of changes in market conditions during the year are recognized in Other
                                                                                   comprehensive (loss) income (OCI).


50         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis



4.10 Impairment of assets
2023                                                                                                                                      BCE
                                                                                                                                          Impairment of assets
During the fourth quarter of 2023, we recognized $86 million of impairment charges for French TV channels within our Bell Media
                                                                                                                                          (in $ millions)
segment. The impairment charges were the result of a reduction in advertising demand in the industry resulting from economic
uncertainties and unfavourable impacts to market-based valuation assumptions. These charges included $41 million allocated to
indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences and brands, and $45 million to finite-life intangible assets for program and
feature film rights.
There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill.
Additionally in 2023, we recorded impairment charges of $57 million related mainly to right-of-use assets for certain office spaces
we ceased using as part of our real estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.

2022
During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized $147 million of impairment charges for French TV channels within our Bell
Media segment. The impairment charges were the result of a reduction in advertising demand in the industry resulting from
economic uncertainties and unfavourable impacts to assumptions for discount rates. These charges included $94 million
allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences, and $53 million to finite-life intangible assets for program and
feature film rights.
There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill.
Additionally in 2022, we recorded impairment charges of $132 million related mainly to right-of-use assets for certain office
spaces we ceased using as part of our real estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.




4.11 Other expense
Other (expense) income includes income and expense items, such as:                                                                        BCE
• Net mark-to-market gains or losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans              Other expense
                                                                                                                                          (in $ millions)
• Equity income or losses from investments in associates and joint ventures
• Gains or losses on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
• Gains or losses on investments, including gains or losses when we dispose of, write down or reduce our ownership in
  investments
• Early debt redemption costs
• Interest income


For the year ended December 31                                                                                                                              2023    2022

Equity (losses) income from investments in associates and joint ventures
   Loss on investment                                                                                                                                       (581)    (42)
   Operations                                                                                                                                                 28     (19)
Net mark-to-market losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans                                           (103)    (53)
Early debt redemption costs                                                                                                                                   (1)    (18)
Gains on investments                                                                                                                                          80      24
Interest income                                                                                                                                               67      22
Gains (losses) on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                                                            11     (27)
Other                                                                                                                                                         33      (2)

Total other expense                                                                                                                                         (466)   (115)

                                                                                                                                                                       51
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis


2023                                                                                      2022
Other expense of $466 million included losses on our equity investments in                Other expense of $115 million included net mark-to-market losses on derivatives
associates and joint ventures which included a loss on BCE’s share of an                  used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans, losses
obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint        on our equity investments which included a loss on BCE’s share of an obligation to
ventures and net mark-to-market losses on derivatives used to economically hedge          repurchase at fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint ventures and
equity settled share-based compensation plans, partly offset by gains on our              losses on operations from our equity investments, losses on retirements and
investments as a result of the sale of our 63% ownership in certain production            disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets and early debt
studios and higher interest income.                                                       redemption costs, partly offset by gains on investments which included a gain related
                                                                                          to the sale of our wholly-owned subsidiary, 6362222 Canada Inc. (Createch).




4.12 Income taxes
BCE                                                                        The following table reconciles the amount of reported income taxes in the income statements
Income taxes                                                               with income taxes calculated at a statutory income tax rate of 26.8% for both 2023 and 2022.
(in $ millions)
                                                                           For the year ended December 31                                              2023              2022

                                                                           Net earnings                                                               2,327             2,926
                                                                           Add back income taxes                                                        996               967

                                                                           Earnings before income taxes                                               3,323             3,893
                                                                           Applicable statutory tax rate                                             26.8%             26.8%
                                                                           Income taxes computed at applicable statutory rates                         (891)           (1,043)
                                                                           Non-taxable portion of gains on investments                                    5                 4
                                                                           Uncertain tax positions                                                       16                91
                                                                           Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                  10                 –
                                                                           Non-taxable portion of equity losses                                        (149)              (18)
                                                                           Other                                                                         13                (1)

                                                                           Total income taxes                                                          (996)             (967)
                                                                           Average effective tax rate                                                30.0%             24.8%


                                                                           Income taxes in 2023 increased by $29 million, compared to 2022, mainly due to a lower value
                                                                           of uncertain tax positions favourably resolved in 2023 compared to 2022, partly offset by lower
                                                                           taxable income.



4.13 Net earnings attributable to common shareholders and EPS
BCE                                      BCE                                           BCE                                           BCE
Net earnings attributable                EPS                                           Adjusted net earnings                         Adjusted EPS
to common shareholders                   (in $)                                        (in $ millions)                               (in $)
(in $ millions)




52         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis

Net earnings attributable to common shareholders in 2023 decreased by                Excluding the impact of severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market
$640 million, or $0.70 per common share, compared to 2022, due to higher other       gains (losses) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
expense mainly due to losses on our equity investments in associates and joint       compensation plans, net equity gains (losses) on investments in associates and joint
ventures which included a loss on BCE’s share of an obligation to repurchase at      ventures, net gains (losses) on investments, early debt redemption costs and
fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint ventures, higher interest     impairment of assets, net of tax and NCI, adjusted net earnings in 2023 was
expense, higher depreciation and amortization and higher severance, acquisition      $2,926 million, or $3.21 per common share, compared to $3,057 million, or $3.35
and other costs, partly offset by higher adjusted EBITDA and lower impairment of     per common share, in 2022.
assets.



4.14 Capital expenditures


BCE                                                      BCE capital expenditures of $4,581 million in 2023, declined by 10.8% year over year, which corresponded to a
Capital expenditures                                     capital intensity ratio of 18.6%, down 2.6 pts over last year. The decline was driven by lower planned capital
(in $ millions)                                          spending in 2023 subsequent to accelerated network investments in 2022, as well as an unplanned additional
                                                         $105 million decrease in Q4 2023 as a result of the CRTC’s decision in November 2023 to mandate wholesale
Capital intensity                                        access to Bell’s FTTP network. We continued to focus our investments in 2023 on the further expansion of our
(%)                                                      FTTP and mobile 5G networks.




4.15 Cash flows
In 2023, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities      BCE                                                       BCE
decreased by $419 million, compared to 2022, mainly      Cash flows from operating activities                      Free cash flow
due to lower cash from working capital, in part from     (in $ millions)                                           (in $ millions)
timing of supplier payments, and higher interest paid,
partly offset by higher adjusted EBITDA and lower
contributions to post-employment benefit plans.
Free cash flow increased by $77 million in 2023,
compared to 2022, mainly due to lower capital
expenditures, partly offset by lower cash flows from
operating activities, excluding cash from acquisition
and other costs paid.




                                                                                                                                                                      53
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS




5                 Business segment analysis


5.1               Bell CTS
Financial performance analysis
2023 performance highlights
Bell CTS                                                                      Bell CTS
Revenues                                                                      Adjusted EBITDA
(in $ millions)                                                               (in $ millions)
                                                                              (% adjusted EBITDA margin)




Total mobile                              Mobile phone                                   Mobile phone                                      Mobile phone                                      Mobile phone
phone                                     postpaid net                                   prepaid net                                       postpaid                                          blended average
subscriber                                subscriber                                     subscriber                                        churn in 2023                                     revenue per
growth (1)                                activations                                    losses in 2023                                                                                      user (ARPU) (2)
                                          in 2023                                                                                                                                            per month


+3.4%                                     426,172 (14,983) 1.15%                                                                                                                             +0.3%
in 2023                                   Decreased 3.1%                                 vs. net activations                               Increased 0.23 pts                                2023: $59.08
                                          vs. 2022                                       of 50,059 in 2022                                 vs. 2022                                          2022: $58.92



Retail high-speed Internet                                                           Retail high-speed Internet net                                                Retail TV subscriber
subscriber growth (3) (4) (5)                                                        subscriber activations in 2023                                                decline (3) (5)


+5.0%                                                                                187,126                                                                       (1.0%)
in 2023                                                                              Decreased 7.3% vs. 2022                                                       in 2023



Retail IPTV net subscriber                                                                                                 Retail residential NAS lines
activations in 2023                                                                                                        subscriber decline (3) (5)


81,918                                                                                                                     (7.7%)
Decreased 13.2% vs. 2022                                                                                                   in 2023


(1) In Q1 2023, we adjusted our mobile phone postpaid subscriber base to remove older non-revenue generating business subscribers of 73,229.
(2) Effective Q1 2023, as a result of the segment reporting changes impacting intersegment eliminations, ARPU has been updated and is defined as Bell CTS wireless external services revenues (previously wireless operating
    service revenues) divided by the average mobile phone subscriber base for the specified period, expressed as a dollar unit per month.
(3) In Q2 2023, our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 35,080, 243 and 7,458 subscribers, respectively, as a result of small acquisitions.
(4) In Q1 2023, subsequent to a review of customer account records, our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base was reduced by 7,347 subscribers.
(5) In Q4 2022, as a result of the acquisition of Distributel, our retail high-speed Internet, retail IPTV and retail residential NAS lines subscriber bases increased by 128,065, 2,315 and 64,498 subscribers, respectively.

54         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS

Bell CTS results
Revenues
                                                                                                                2023              2022          $ change          % change

Wireless                                                                                                       7,120             6,821              299                4.4%
Wireline data                                                                                                  8,084             7,920               164                2.1%
Wireline voice                                                                                                 2,862             3,002              (140)              (4.7%)
Other wireline services                                                                                         312                   309              3               1.0%
External service revenues                                                                                    18,378             18,052              326                1.8%

Inter-segment service revenues                                                                                   29                    31             (2)              (6.5%)
Operating service revenues                                                                                   18,407             18,083              324                1.8%

Wireless                                                                                                       2,885             2,714              171                6.3%
Wireline                                                                                                        634                   504           130                25.8%
External/Operating product revenues                                                                            3,519             3,218              301                9.4%

Total external revenues                                                                                      21,897             21,270              627                2.9%
Total operating revenues                                                                                     21,926             21,301              625                2.9%


Bell CTS operating revenues grew by 2.9% in 2023, compared to last year,               These factors were partly offset by:
driven by both higher service and product revenues. The year-over-year increase        • Greater acquisition, retention and bundle discounts on residential services
in service revenues reflected higher wireless and wireline data revenues, partly
offset by continued erosion in wireline voice revenues.                                • Ongoing erosion in our satellite TV subscriber base, along with IP connectivity
                                                                                         and legacy data declines
Bell CTS operating service revenues increased by 1.8% in 2023, compared to
2022.                                                                                 • Wireline voice revenues decreased by 4.7% in 2023, compared to last year,
                                                                                        driven by:
• Wireless revenues increased by 4.4% in 2023, compared to last year, driven by:
                                                                                       • Ongoing retail residential NAS lines erosion, combined with business voice
 • Continued growth in our mobile phone and connected device subscriber bases            declines, driven by technological substitution to wireless and Internet-based
   coupled with the flow-through of rate increases                                       services
 • Higher roaming revenues due to increased international travel                       • Reduced sales of international wholesale long distance minutes
 These factors were partly offset by:                                                  These factors were partly offset by:
 • Unfavourable impact of competitive pricing pressures                                • Flow-through of residential rate increases
 • Lower data overages driven by greater customer adoption of monthly plans with       • The acquisition of Distributel in December 2022 and other small acquisitions
   higher data thresholds, including unlimited plans                                     made during the year
• Wireline data revenues increased by 2.1% in 2023, compared to last year,            Bell CTS operating product revenues increased by 9.4% in 2023, over last year.
  driven by:
                                                                                      • Wireless operating product revenues increased by 6.3% in 2023, compared to
 • Greater retail Internet and IPTV subscriber bases, coupled with the flow-through     last year, due to greater sales mix of premium mobile phones and disciplined
   of residential rate increases                                                        handset pricing, partly offset by lower contracted sales volumes and reduced
 • The acquisitions of Distributel in December 2022, FX Innovation in June 2023,        consumer electronic sales at The Source
   and other small acquisitions made during the year                                  • Wireline operating product revenues grew by 25.8% year over year, from strong
 • Increased sales of maintenance contracts and software subscriptions to               sales to large business customers mainly due to the alleviating year-over-year
   business customers                                                                   impact from global supply chain challenges experienced in 2022


Operating costs and adjusted EBITDA
                                                                                                               2023               2022          $ change          % change

Operating costs                                                                                             (12,206)           (11,847)             (359)              (3.0%)
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                               9,720              9,454              266                2.8%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                       44.3%              44.4%                              (0.1) pts


Bell CTS operating costs increased by 3.0% in 2023, compared to 2022, due to:         • Higher cost of goods sold corresponding to higher product revenues
• Greater costs from the acquisitions of Distributel in December 2022, FX             • Increased costs related to the revenue growth from maintenance and software
  Innovation in June 2023, and other small acquisitions made during the year            subscriptions

                                                                                                                                                                           55
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS

These factors were partly offset by:                                                                            Bell CTS adjusted EBITDA increased by 2.8% in 2023, compared to last year, due
                                                                                                                to higher operating revenues, partly offset by greater operating costs. Adjusted
• Lower labour costs reflecting workforce reductions, along with various other cost
                                                                                                                EBITDA margin of 44.3% in 2023, was essentially stable year over year, decreasing
  reduction initiatives and operating efficiencies
                                                                                                                by only 0.1 pts over last year, reflecting an increased proportion of low-margin
• Pension savings, driven by lower DB expense due to a higher year-over-year                                    product sales in our total revenue base, partly offset by service revenue
  discount rate                                                                                                 flow-through.
• Lower year-over-year storm-related repairs expense

Bell CTS operating metrics
Wireless
                                                                                                                                                 2023                    2022               Change    % change

Mobile phones
Blended ARPU ($/month)                                                                                                                          59.08                  58.92                   0.16       0.3%
Gross subscriber activations                                                                                                               2,224,555              1,953,912                270,643       13.9%
     Postpaid                                                                                                                              1,608,503              1,355,772                252,731       18.6%
   Prepaid                                                                                                                                   616,052                598,140                 17,912        3.0%
Net subscriber activations (losses)                                                                                                          411,189                489,901                (78,712)     (16.1%)
     Postpaid                                                                                                                                426,172                439,842                (13,670)      (3.1%)
     Prepaid                                                                                                                                  (14,983)                50,059               (65,042)        n.m.
Blended churn % (average per month)                                                                                                            1.51%                  1.27%                           (0.24) pts
     Postpaid                                                                                                                                  1.15%                  0.92%                           (0.23) pts
     Prepaid                                                                                                                                 5.31%                   4.85%                            (0.46) pts
Subscribers (1)                                                                                                                          10,287,046               9,949,086                337,960        3.4%
  Postpaid (1)                                                                                                                             9,422,830              9,069,887                352,943        3.9%
     Prepaid                                                                                                                                 864,216                879,199                (14,983)      (1.7%)
Mobile connected devices
Net subscriber activations                                                                                                                   293,307                202,024                 91,283       45.2%
Subscribers (1)                                                                                                                            2,732,548              2,451,818                280,730       11.4%

n.m.: not meaningful
(1) In Q1 2023, we adjusted our mobile phone postpaid and mobile connected device subscriber bases to remove older non-revenue generating business subscribers of 73,229 and 12,577, respectively.


Mobile phone blended ARPU of $59.08 increased by 0.3% in 2023, compared to                                      • Mobile phone prepaid net subscriber losses were 65,042 unfavourable in 2023,
last year, driven by:                                                                                             compared to last year, due to higher subscriber deactivations and greater
                                                                                                                  migrations to postpaid, partly offset by higher gross activations
• Higher roaming revenues due to increased international travel
• Flow-through of rate increases                                                                                Mobile phone blended churn of 1.51% increased by 0.24 pts in 2023, compared to
                                                                                                                2022.
These factors were partly offset by:
                                                                                                                • Mobile phone postpaid churn of 1.15% increased by 0.23 pts in 2023, compared
• Unfavourable impact of competitive pricing pressures                                                            to last year, due to higher subscriber deactivations driven by greater overall
                                                                                                                  competitive market activity and promotional offer intensity compared to last year
• Lower data overages due to greater customer adoption of monthly plans with
  higher data thresholds, including unlimited plans                                                             • Mobile phone prepaid churn of 5.31% increased by 0.46 pts in 2023, compared
                                                                                                                  to last year, due to higher subscriber deactivations driven by greater overall
Mobile phone gross subscriber activations grew by 13.9% in 2023, compared                                         competitive market activity and more attractive promotional offers in the market on
to 2022, due to both higher postpaid and prepaid gross subscriber activations.                                    postpaid discount brands
• Mobile phone postpaid gross subscriber activations increased by 18.6% in
                                                                                                                Mobile phone subscribers at December 31, 2023 totaled 10,287,046, an increase
  2023, compared to last year, driven by increased immigration, continued 5G
                                                                                                                of 3.4%, from 9,949,086 subscribers reported at the end of last year. This consisted
  momentum, successful bundled service offerings and effective promotions
                                                                                                                of 9,422,830 postpaid subscribers, an increase of 3.9% from 9,069,887 subscribers
• Mobile phone prepaid gross subscriber activations increased by 3.0% in                                        at the end of 2022, and 864,216 prepaid subscribers, a decrease of 1.7% from
  2023, compared to last year, driven by higher immigration and travel to Canada,                               879,199 subscribers at the end of 2022.
  partly offset by more attractive promotional offers in the market on postpaid
  discount brands                                                                                               Mobile connected device net subscriber activations increased by 45.2% in 2023,
                                                                                                                compared to last year, due to lower net losses from data devices, primarily fewer
Mobile phone net subscriber activations decreased by 16.1% in 2023,                                             tablet deactivations, higher connected car subscriptions and greater business IoT
compared to 2022, due to lower postpaid net subscriber activations, as well as                                  net activations.
prepaid net subscriber losses.
                                                                                                                Mobile connected device subscribers at December 31, 2023 totaled 2,732,548,
• Mobile phone postpaid net subscriber activations decreased by 3.1% in                                         an increase of 11.4% from 2,451,818 subscribers reported at the end of 2022.
  2023, compared to last year, due to higher subscriber deactivations, partly offset
  by higher gross activations and greater migrations from prepaid


56         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS

Wireline data
Retail high-speed Internet
                                                                                                                                                        2023         2022           Change           % change

Retail net subscriber activations                                                                                                                    187,126      201,762           (14,636)            (7.3%)
Retail subscribers (1) (2) (3)                                                                                                                     4,473,429    4,258,570          214,859              5.0%

(1) In Q2 2023, our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base increased by 35,080 as a result of small acquisitions.
(2) In Q1 2023, subsequent to a review of customer account records, our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base was reduced by 7,347 subscribers.
(3) In Q4 2022, as a result of the acquisition of Distributel, our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base increased by 128,065.


Retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations decreased by 7.3% in                                              Retail high-speed Internet subscribers totaled 4,473,429 at December 31, 2023,
2023, compared to 2022, due to greater deactivations in our non-FTTP service                                            up 5.0% from 4,258,570 subscribers reported at the end of 2022. In Q1 2023, our
footprint reflecting aggressive promotional offers by competitors. This was partly                                      retail high-speed Internet subscriber base was decreased by 7,347 subscribers,
offset by higher customer gross activations driven by the ongoing expansion of our                                      subsequent to a review of customer account records. Additionally, in Q2 2023, our
FTTP footprint, the success of our bundled service offerings and multi-brand                                            retail high-speed Internet subscriber base increased by 35,080 as a result of small
strategy, as well as the contribution from Distributel and other small acquisitions                                     acquisitions.
made during the year.

Retail TV
                                                                                                                                                        2023         2022           Change           % change

Retail net subscriber (losses) activations                                                                                                           (26,449)       5,148           (31,597)             n.m.
    IPTV                                                                                                                                             81,918       94,400            (12,482)          (13.2%)
    Satellite                                                                                                                                       (108,367)     (89,252)          (19,115)          (21.4%)
Total retail subscribers (1) (2)                                                                                                                   2,725,292    2,751,498           (26,206)            (1.0%)
    IPTV (1) (2)                                                                                                                                   2,070,342    1,988,181           82,161              4.1%
    Satellite                                                                                                                                       654,950      763,317           (108,367)          (14.2%)

n.m.: not meaningful
(1) In Q2 2023, our retail IPTV subscriber base increased by 243 as a result of small acquisitions.
(2) In Q4 2022, as a result of the acquisition of Distributel, our retail IPTV base increased by 2,315 subscribers.


Retail IPTV net subscriber activations decreased by 13.2% in 2023, compared                                             Total retail TV net subscriber losses (IPTV and satellite TV combined) were
to 2022, driven by higher deactivations, primarily from our app streaming service,                                      unfavourable by 31,597 year over year, due to higher satellite TV net losses, and
mainly attributable to a greater number of customers with expired promotional                                           lower IPTV net activations.
offers, as well as reflecting greater competitive intensity and higher substitution
with OTT services. This was partly mitigated by increased activations from greater                                      Retail IPTV subscribers at December 31, 2023 totaled 2,070,342, up 4.1% from
Internet pull-through.                                                                                                  1,988,181 subscribers reported at the end of 2022. In Q2 2023, our retail IPTV
                                                                                                                        subscriber base increased by 243 as a result of small acquisitions.
Retail satellite TV net subscriber losses increased by 21.4% in 2023, compared
to last year, attributable to aggressive offers from cable competitors, particularly in                                 Retail satellite TV subscribers at December 31, 2023 totaled 654,950, down
rural areas, along with increased substitution with OTT services.                                                       14.2% from 763,317 subscribers reported at the end of 2022.
                                                                                                                        Total retail TV subscribers (IPTV and satellite TV combined) at December 31,
                                                                                                                        2023 were 2,725,292 decreasing by 1.0% over the 2,751,498 subscribers at the end
                                                                                                                        of 2022. In Q2 2023, our retail IPTV subscriber base increased by 243 as a result of
                                                                                                                        small acquisitions.

Wireline voice
                                                                                                                                                        2023         2022           Change           % change

Retail residential NAS lines net losses                                                                                                             (176,612)    (175,788)             (824)            (0.5%)
Retail residential NAS lines (1) (2)                                                                                                               2,021,617    2,190,771         (169,154)             (7.7%)

(1) In Q2 2023, our retail residential NAS lines subscriber base increased by 7,458 subscribers as a result of small acquisitions.
(2) In Q4 2022, as a result of the acquisition of Distributel, our retail residential NAS lines subscriber base increased by 64,498 subscribers.


Retail residential NAS lines net losses increased by 0.5%, compared to 2022,                                            Retail residential NAS lines at December 31, 2023 of 2,021,617 declined by 7.7%
as the growth in gross activations was more than offset by higher year-over-year                                        from 2,190,771 lines reported at the end of 2022. In Q2 2023, our retail residential
deactivations, mainly due to lower deactivations in Q1 2022 as a result of the                                          NAS lines subscriber base increased by 7,458 subscribers as a result of small
COVID-19 pandemic and the unfavourable impact of continued substitution to                                              acquisitions. The erosion in retail residential NAS lines of 7.7% deteriorated over the
wireless and Internet-based technologies.                                                                               4.7% rate of erosion experienced in 2022, mainly due to the impact of the acquisition
                                                                                                                        of Distributel and EBOX in 2022.


                                                                                                                                                                                                            57
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS


Competitive landscape and industry trends
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our business outlook. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the
beginning of this MD&A.

Competitive landscape
Wireless products and services                                                          Wireline products and services
The Canadian wireless industry has experienced strong subscriber growth in              The cable market changed in 2023 as Rogers completed its acquisition of Shaw,
recent years, supported by immigration and population growth, a continued               creating a Canadian competitor with larger scale. An estimated 7.5 million Internet
increase in the rate of penetration in line with the trend toward multiple devices,     subscribers received their service over the networks of the three largest cable
and the ongoing adoption of mobile devices and services. With penetration rates in      companies at the end of 2023, relatively unchanged from 2022. Meanwhile, an
other developed nations well above 100% (United States, Europe and Asia), the           estimated 7.6 million Internet subscribers received their service over the networks of
Canadian mobile phone penetration rate is expected to continue to increase,             incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECs) like Bell at the end of 2023, compared to
above and beyond the approximate rate of 91% for 2023.                                  approximately 7.2 million at the end of 2022. Bell continues to make gains in market
                                                                                        share as a result of the ongoing expansion of our FTTP direct fibre network and
In 2023, the Canadian wireless industry continued to experience heightened levels       increased customer penetration of bundled service offerings. Our ongoing focus on
of competition nationally, particularly within the flanker brand environment. This      FTTP and its superior characteristics as compared to cable, such as higher and
competitive intensity has led to continued declines in chargeable data usage and        symmetrical download and upload speeds, has allowed us to connect more than
rising levels of data allocation in monthly plans, including unlimited data plans, in   7 million homes and businesses in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
addition to other ongoing factors, such as the popularity of data sharing plans and     Manitoba to our pure fibre technology. Notably, Bell pure fibre Internet was awarded
an evolving shift in the customer mix toward non-traditional mobile devices and         fastest in Canada in Ookla’s Q1-Q2 and Q3-Q4 2023 Speedtest Awards reports, with
tools such as video chats. The roll-out of 5G network infrastructure continued in       the reports also ranking Bell pure fibre Wi-Fi as fastest in the country – both for the
2023, with 5G coverage by the national carriers reaching approximately 86% of the       second time in a row. In addition, Bell was named the Best Major & All Around ISP in
Canadian population at the end of 2023, compared to approximately 80% at the            PCMag’s Best ISPs 2023 Canada report. Bell recognitions also include
end of 2022. For Bell, our long-standing focus on network excellence is reflected in    BrandSpark’s Most Trusted ISP 2023 and 2024.
the recognition we received from independent third-party sources in 2023,
including being recognized as Canada’s fastest and best 5G network by GWS for           While Canadians still watch conventional TV, digital streaming platforms are playing
the third consecutive year in its 2023 nationwide assessment of 5G networks. New        an increasingly important role in the broadcasting industry and in the distribution of
this year, GWS’s testing included 3500 MHz network wireless spectrum and                content. Popular online video services are providing Canadians with more choice
determined Bell’s network (5G+) performance to be the fastest and best in the           about where, when and how to access video content. In 2023, ILECs offering IPTV
country.                                                                                service expanded their subscriber base by an estimated 4% to reach 3.5 million
                                                                                        customers, or a 38% market share, up compared to approximately 34% at the end of
The Canadian wireless industry remains highly competitive and capital-intensive         2022, through wider network coverage, enhanced differentiated services and
among facilities-based providers, as carriers continue to expand and enhance their      bundled offerings, and marketing and promotions focused on IPTV. Canada’s three
broadband wireless networks, including the ongoing build-out of 5G, as well as          largest cable companies had an estimated 4.7 million TV subscribers, or a 50%
making significant investments in spectrum.                                             market share at the end of 2023, up compared to 48% at the end of 2022. The
Competitors for wireless products and services                                          balance of industry subscribers were served by satellite TV and regional providers.
• Facilities-based national wireless service providers Rogers, the Telus Corporation    In recent years, two of the largest Canadian cable companies have launched new
  group of companies (Telus) and Québecor Inc. (Québecor)                               TV services based on the Comcast X1 video platform – Rogers (and previously
                                                                                        Shaw prior to its acquisition by Rogers) and Québecor’s Vidéotron brand. Our IPTV
• Regional    facilities-based wireless service    providers    Saskatchewan            platform (Fibe TV, Fibe TV app and Virgin Plus TV) continues to offer numerous
  Telecommunications Holding Corporation, which provides service in                     service advantages compared to this cable platform, including: flexible pricing plans
  Saskatchewan; Bragg Communications Inc. (Eastlink), which provides service in         and packages available to all customers; picture clarity and quality; content depth
  the three Maritime provinces                                                          and breadth; the number of ways customers can access content, including wireless
                                                                                        set-top boxes, Restart TV, higher-capacity PVR and the Fibe TV app. We continue to
                                                                                        offer more on-demand content and more OTT content with Crave, Netflix, Prime
                                                                                        Video and YouTube all in one place.

58      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS

The financial performance of the overall Canadian wireline telecommunications            Industry trends
market continues to be impacted by the ongoing declines in legacy voice service
revenues resulting from technological substitution to wireless and OTT services, as      Wireless products and services
well as by the ongoing conversion to IP-based data services and networks by large        Wireless growth continues to be driven by the ongoing increase in data usage and
business customers. Canada’s three largest cable companies had an estimated              adoption, including: higher- value smartphones, unlimited data offerings, shared
combined base of approximately 2.7 million telephony subscribers at the end of           family data plans, and IoT devices. In addition, consumers continue to replace
2023, representing a national residential market share of approximately 41%,             wireline access services with wireless access and related data services. These
relatively flat compared to 2022. Telecommunications companies had an estimated          trends are expected to drive the growing demand for wireless data services for the
combined total of 3.3 million telephony subscribers at the end of 2023,                  foreseeable future, particularly as the industry continues to shift to 5G. Industry
representing a market share of approximately 50%, up compared to approximately           ARPU is expected to continue moderating, compared to periods prior to the
49% at the end of 2022. Other non-facilities-based competitors also offer local and      COVID-19 pandemic, particularly now that the industry has lapped the meaningful
long distance VoIP services and resell high-speed Internet services.                     recovery in roaming revenues, which had fallen during the peak of the COVID-19
                                                                                         pandemic. Furthermore, as a result of increased competitive intensity, the industry
Competitors for wireline products and services
                                                                                         continues to see greater adoption of bring-your-own-device (BYOD) additions,
• Cable TV providers offering cable TV, Internet and cable telephony services,           resulting in increased switching activity.
  including:
                                                                                         While LTE and LTE-A technologies increase download speeds, encourage data
 • Rogers in Ontario, New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, and upon its             usage and enhance the customer experience, growth in data traffic poses
   acquisition of Shaw, in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba          challenges to mobile access technology. To better manage this data traffic, Canadian
 • Vidéotron in Québec                                                                   providers continue to evolve their networks and deploy spectrum to support the shift
                                                                                         to 5G. ISED held its auction of spectrum in the 3800 MHz band in the fourth quarter
 • Cogeco Cable Inc. (a subsidiary of Cogeco Inc.) (Cogeco) in Ontario and               of 2023 and announced an auction for millimetre wave (mmWave) spectrum; these
   Québec                                                                                bands are important for the expansion of 5G networks.
 • Shaw Direct, providing satellite TV service nationwide
                                                                                         IoT technologies connect communications-enabled devices via wireless
 • Eastlink in every province except Saskatchewan, where it does not provide             technologies, allowing them to exchange key information and share processes.
   cable TV and Internet service                                                         Advanced platforms and networks are already in place in industries such as
                                                                                         transportation and logistics, utilities and fleet management, with deployment ongoing
• Telus provides residential voice, Internet and IPTV services in British Columbia,
                                                                                         in other sectors, including smart cities, manufacturing, retail, food services,
  Alberta and Eastern Québec
                                                                                         consumer utilities, and connected cars. These industries are adopting IoT solutions,
• Telus and Allstream Inc. (Allstream) provide wholesale products and business           combined with other applications, to digitally transform their operations and generate
  services across Canada                                                                 value from their connections. IoT presents a meaningful opportunity for growth in
                                                                                         wireless connectivity, which can deliver services to customers more efficiently. IoT
• Various others such as TekSavvy Solutions and Vonage Canada (a division of
                                                                                         connectivity generally has a lower ARPU when sold as a stand-alone service, but
  Vonage Holdings Corp.) offer resale or VoIP-based local, long distance and
                                                                                         supports both revenue and margin growth, since it often leads to the sale of IoT
  Internet services
                                                                                         applications or our other service offerings, enhancing customer penetration. In 2023,
• LEO satellite providers offering Internet services                                     we added 293,307 mobile connected devices, bringing our mobile connected device
                                                                                         subscriber base to more than 2.7 million, up 11% from 2022.
• OTT voice and/or video services, such as Zoom, Skype, Netflix, Prime Video,
  Disney+ and YouTube
                                                                                         Wireline products and services
• Digital media streaming devices such as Apple TV, Roku and Google Chromecast
                                                                                         The wireline telecommunications market is expected to remain very competitive in
• Other Canadian ILECs and cable TV operators                                            2024. Although the residential high-speed internet market is maturing, with a
                                                                                         penetration rate of approximately 92% across Canada at the end of 2023, subscriber
• Substitution to wireless services, including those offered by Bell
                                                                                         growth is expected to continue over the coming years. Technology substitution,
• Customized managed outsourcing solutions competitors, such as systems                  including the growth of wireless and VoIP services, is expected to continue to
  integrators CGI and IBM                                                                replace higher-margin legacy voice revenues, while digital streaming services and
                                                                                         other online content providers are expected to impact current linear TV services. Bell
• Wholesale competitors include cable operators, domestic competitive local
                                                                                         is an important provider of these substitution services and the decline in this legacy
  exchange carrier (CLEC)s, U.S. or other international carriers for certain services,
                                                                                         business is continuing as expected.
  and electrical utility-based telecommunications providers
• Competitors for home security range from local to national companies, such as
  Telus, Rogers, Chubb Fire & Security and Stanley Security. Competitors also
  include do-it-yourself security providers such as Lorex and home automation
  service providers such as Ring, Nest and Wyze.


                                                                                                                                                                            59
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS

The popularity of viewing TV and on-demand content anywhere, particularly on            the platform increases speed in the near term and is cost-efficient, it does not offer
handheld devices, is expected to continue to grow as customers adopt services           the advanced capabilities of FTTP over the longer term, such as fast symmetrical
that enable them to view content on multiple screens. Streaming media providers         upload and download speeds. At the end of 2023, approximately 6.5 million locations
continue to enhance OTT and DTC streaming services in order to compete for a            in Bell’s footprint had access to multi-gigabit symmetrical speeds of 3 Gbps.
share of viewership in response to evolving viewing habits and consumer demand.
TV providers are monitoring OTT developments and seeking to adapt their content         In the business market, the convergence of IT and telecommunications, facilitated by
and market strategies to compete with these non-traditional offerings. We view          the ubiquity of IP, continues to shape the competitive environment, with
OTT as an opportunity to add further capabilities to our linear and on-demand           non-traditional providers increasingly blurring the lines of competition and business
assets, providing customers with flexible options to choose the content they want       models. Cable companies continue to make investments to better compete in the
and encouraging greater customer usage of Bell’s high-speed Internet and                highly contested small and medium-sized business space. Telecommunications
wireless networks. In 2023, our Crave streaming service expanded its DTC                companies like Bell are providing network-centric managed applications that
subscription offering with the launch of ad-supported plans, giving customers a         leverage their significant FTTP investments, while IT service providers are bundling
range of options to access Crave’s lineup of premium content. And we are                network connectivity with their proprietary software-as-a-service (SaaS) offerings.
expanding the reach of Crave in 2024 through our agreement with Amazon to               The development of IP-based platforms, which provide combined IP voice, data and
make Crave available on Prime Video Channels in Canada.                                 video solutions, creates potential cost efficiencies that compensate, in part, for
                                                                                        reduced margins resulting from the continuing shift from legacy to IP-based services.
The Canadian ILECs continue to make significant capital investments in                  The evolution of IT has created significant opportunities for our business markets
broadband networks, with a focus on FTTP to maintain and enhance their ability to       services, such as cloud, security and workflow automation solutions, that can have a
support advanced IP-based services and higher broadband speeds. Cable                   greater business impact than traditional telecommunications services.
companies continue to evolve their cable networks with DOCSIS-related bandwidth
enhancements and node splitting. Although



Business outlook and assumptions
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our projected financial performance for 2024 and our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic
priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.

2024 outlook
Our outlook for 2024 takes into consideration the financial impact of our strategic     In our business markets, we expect an improving financial performance trajectory
distribution partnership with Best Buy Canada that will result in a decrease in         predicated on higher product sales and project spending by large enterprise
largely consumer electronics related revenue from Bell CTS results. The impact of       customers combined with wireless subscriber growth. However, as large enterprise
this partnership on adjusted EBITDA will not be material given relatively low           customers continue to look for opportunities to leverage low-cost technologies to
margins for consumer electronics.                                                       grow and transform the workforce of the future and face increased uncertainty about
                                                                                        future economic conditions, spending on telecommunications services and products
We are targeting revenue growth driven by continued subscriber base expansion.          is expected to be variable. In addition, ongoing customer migrations from traditional
Wireless subscriber growth is expected to be supported by an ongoing 5G upgrade         technologies to IP-based systems and demand for cheaper bandwidth alternatives
cycle, strong immigration levels and our continued focus on multi-product cross         will continue to impact business markets’ results in 2024. We intend to seek to offset
sales. We are focused on increasing our market share of national operators’             the revenue decline from traditional legacy telecommunications services by
postpaid mobile phone net additions in a disciplined and cost-conscious manner.         continuing to develop unique services and value enhancements to improve the client
We expect higher, but more moderate, growth in ARPU driven by increased 5G              experience through services such as cloud, security and workforce automation
subscriptions and higher roaming revenue, partly offset by reduced data overage         solutions. Further, we intend to use marketing initiatives and other customer-specific
revenue resulting from the continued adoption of unlimited plans. We will also seek     strategies with the objective of slowing the pace of NAS erosion, while also investing
to achieve higher revenues from the flow-through of pricing changes, as well as         in direct fibre expansion, 5G and new solutions in key portfolios such as Internet,
IoT services and applications.                                                          private networks, voice and unified communications, cloud solutions, security
                                                                                        solutions, cloud-based contact centre, IoT and MEC. We will also continue to focus
Continued expansion of our retail Internet and IPTV subscriber bases is expected        on delivering network-centric managed and professional services solutions to large
to be supported by a broader FTTP service footprint together with higher                and medium-sized businesses that increase the value of connectivity services.
household penetration, further penetration of WHI access technology in rural
communities, further scaling of Bell’s app-based live TV streaming services and
the introduction of new products and features. We will continue to focus on winning
the home by leveraging our symmetrical Internet speed advantage over cable,
delivering the best customer experience with our products, and driving greater
cross-sell penetration of higher value mobility and Internet households.

60      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS

We expect the overall level of competitive intensity in our small and medium-sized    • Improving wireless handset device availability in addition to stable device pricing
business markets to remain high, as cable operators and other telecom                   and margins
competitors look to these customer segments as potential growth opportunities.
                                                                                      • Further deployment of direct fibre to more homes and businesses within our
We also intend to expand key sales channels and introduce service offerings that
                                                                                        wireline footprint, but at a slower pace than during any of 2020 to 2023
help drive innovative solutions and value for our small and medium-sized
customers by leveraging Bell’s network assets, broadband fibre footprint and          • Continued growth in retail Internet and IPTV subscribers
service capabilities to expand our relationships with them.
                                                                                      • Increasing wireless and Internet-based technological substitution
We are maintaining a sharp focus on our operating cost structure to help offset       • Continued focus on the consumer household and bundled service offers for
pressures related to customer growth and retention, the ongoing erosion of high-        mobility and Internet customers
margin wireline voice and other legacy revenues, and competitive repricing
pressures in our residential, business and wholesale markets. This, combined with     • Continued large business customer migration to IP-based systems
further operating efficiencies enabled by our direct fibre footprint, changes in      • Ongoing competitive repricing pressures in our business and wholesale markets
consumer behaviour and product innovation, digital adoption, product and service
enhancements, expanding self-serve capabilities, new call centre and digital          • Continued competitive intensity in our small and medium-sized business markets
investments, other improvements to the customer service experience,                     as cable operators and other telecommunications competitors continue to intensify
management workforce reductions including attrition and retirements, and lower          their focus on business customers
contracted rates from our suppliers, is expected to deliver meaningful cost savings   • Traditional high-margin product categories challenged by large global cloud and
and productivity gains across the organization.                                         OTT providers of business voice and data solutions expanding into Canada with
                                                                                        on-demand services
Assumptions
                                                                                      • Increasing customer adoption of OTT services resulting in downsizing of TV
• Increase our market share of national operators’ wireless mobile phone net            packages
  additions
                                                                                      • Growing consumption of OTT TV services and on-demand video streaming, as well
• Increased competitive intensity and promotional activity across all regions and       as the proliferation of devices, such as tablets, that consume large quantities of
  market segments                                                                       bandwidth, will require ongoing capital investment
• Ongoing expansion and deployment of 5G and 5G+ wireless networks, offering          • Realization of cost savings related to operating efficiencies enabled by our direct
  competitive coverage and quality                                                      fibre footprint, changes in consumer behaviour and product innovation, digital
• Continued diversification of our distribution strategy with a focus on expanding      adoption, product and service enhancements, expanding self-serve capabilities,
  DTC and online transactions                                                           new call centre and digital investments, other improvements to the customer
                                                                                        service experience, management workforce reductions including attrition and
• Moderating growth in mobile phone blended ARPU, driven by growth in 5G                retirements, and lower contracted rates from our suppliers
  subscriptions, and increased roaming revenue from the easing of travel
  restrictions implemented as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, partly offset by     • No adverse material financial, operational or competitive consequences of changes
  reduced data overage revenue due, among others, to the continued adoption of          in or implementation of regulations affecting our communication and technology
  unlimited plans                                                                       services business

• Accelerating business customer adoption of advanced 5G, 5G+ and IoT solutions



Key growth drivers
• Strong immigration levels                                                           • Increasing FTTP and WTTP customer penetration
• A greater number of customers on our 5G and 5G+ networks                            • Continued growth in retail Internet and IPTV subscribers
• Cross-sell to customers who do not have all their telecommunication services        • Expansion of our business customer relationships to drive higher revenue per
  with Bell                                                                             customer
• Further expansion of FTTP footprint, but at a slower pace than during any of 2020   • Ongoing service innovation and product value enhancements
  to 2023


                                                                                                                                                                        61
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell CTS


Principal business risks
This section discusses certain principal business risks specifically related to the Bell CTS segment. For a detailed description of the other principal risks that could have a
material adverse effect on our business, refer to section 9, Business risks.

Regulatory environment                                                                   Aggressive competition
Risk                                                                                     Risk
• Increased regulation of wireless services, pricing and infrastructure, such as         • The intensity of competitive activity from national wireless operators, smaller or
  additional mandated access to wireless networks, establishing rates for                  regional facilities-based wireless service providers, non-traditional players and
  mandated wireless services that are materially different from the rates we               resellers
  propose, and limitations placed on future spectrum bidding
                                                                                         • The intensity of competitive activity coupled with the proliferation of installment
• The CRTC has mandated the establishment of an aggregated wholesale high-                 and/or buy and pay later plans, and new wireline product launches for residential
  speed access service available on FTTP facilities in Ontario and Québec on an            customers (e.g., IoT, smart home systems and devices, innovative TV platforms,
  interim basis, and at rates that are materially lower from the rates we proposed,        etc.) and business customers (e.g., OTT VoIP, collaboration and SD WAN
  and which do not sufficiently account for the investment required in these               solutions) from national operators, non-traditional players and wholesalers,
  facilities. The CRTC may maintain, reverse or otherwise modify this new                  including the expanded offering of retail services based on wholesale access by
  obligation when it concludes its ongoing wholesale high-speed access review.             large facilities-based competitors
  This new service materially improves the business position of our competitors. On
  February 9, 2024, the Federal Court of Appeal granted Bell Canada leave to             Potential impact
  appeal the CRTC decision but declined to grant the requested stay of the               • Pressure on our revenue, adjusted EBITDA, ARPU, cash flows and churn would
  decision pending resolution of its appeal. Bell Canada has also filed an appeal to       likely result if wireless competitors continue to aggressively pursue new types of
  the Governor-in-Council.                                                                 price plans, increase discounts, offer shared plans based on sophisticated pricing
• The courts could overturn the new wholesale rates the CRTC set for aggregated            requirements (e.g., installments) or offer other incentives, such as cash-back for
  high-speed access service in 2021, which were much higher than the rates it had          upgrade with old smartphone and multi-product bundles, in order to attract new
  proposed in 2019                                                                         customers
                                                                                         • An increase in the intensity level of competitive activity for wireline services could
Potential impact                                                                           result in lost revenue, higher churn and increased acquisition and retention
• Increased regulation could influence network investment and the market                   expenses, all of which would put pressure on Bell CTS’s adjusted EBITDA
  structure, limit our flexibility, improve the business position of our competitors,
  limit network-based differentiation of our services, and negatively impact the         Market environment, technological advancement
  financial performance of our Bell CTS segment                                          and changing customer behaviour
• In respect of the potential for new aggregated wholesale high-speed access             Risk
  service available on FTTP facilities: (i) the mandating of final rates that are
  materially different from the rates we proposed; (ii) the risk that the wholesale      • Slower subscriber growth due to high Canadian Internet and smartphone
  FTTP obligation will only be imposed on Bell Canada and not other providers or           penetration, combined with potential pressures from the economic environment and
  only in Ontario and Québec while not available to Bell Canada in Western                 reduced discretionary spending, and potential varying levels of immigration
  Canada, putting Bell Canada at a competitive disadvantage where it could not           • With technological advancement, the traditional TV viewing model (i.e., a
  access wholesale FTTP out of its traditional territory, but its major competitors        subscription for bundled channels) is challenged by an increasing number of legal
  could access Bell Canada’s FTTP facilities; and (iii) in the case of our existing        and illegal viewing options available in the market offered by traditional,
  wholesale high-speed access service, the implementation of the rates for                 non-traditional and global players, as well as increasing cord-cutting and cord-
  aggregated or disaggregated wholesale high-speed access services, could                  shaving trends
  change our investment strategy, especially in relation to investment in next-
  generation wireline networks in smaller communities and rural areas, improve the       • The proliferation of network technologies impacts business customers’ decision to
  business position of our competitors, further accelerate penetration and                 migrate to OTT, VoIP and/or leverage SD WAN architecture
  disintermediation by OTT players, and negatively impact the financial                  • Changing customer habits further contribute to the erosion of NAS lines
  performance of our business.
                                                                                         Potential impact
                                                                                         • A maturing wireline and wireless market could challenge subscriber growth and the
                                                                                           cost of subscriber acquisition and retention, putting pressure on the financial
                                                                                           performance of our business
                                                                                         • Our market penetration and number of TV subscribers could decline as a result of
                                                                                           innovative offerings by BDUs and an increasing number of domestic and
                                                                                           non-domestic unregulated OTT providers, as well as a significant volume of content
                                                                                           piracy
                                                                                         • The proliferation of IP-based products, including OTT content and OTT software
                                                                                           offerings directly to consumers, may accelerate the disconnection of TV services or
                                                                                           the reduction of TV spending, as well as the reduction in business IT investments
                                                                                           by customers
                                                                                         • The ongoing loss of NAS lines challenges our traditional voice revenues and
                                                                                           compels us to develop other service offerings


62      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media



5.2               Bell Media
Financial performance analysis
2023 performance highlights
Bell Media                                                                Bell Media
Revenues                                                                  Adjusted EBITDA
(in $ millions)                                                           (in $ millions)




Bell Media                                                                                    Bell Media
Revenue mix                                                                                   Revenue mix
(product)                                                                                     (line of business)




Bell Media results
Revenues
                                                                                                                                                2023                     2022                $ change                 % change

External revenues                                                                                                                             2,776                     2,904                     (128)                  (4.4%)
Inter-segment revenues                                                                                                                          341                       350                       (9)                  (2.6%)
Bell Media operating revenues                                                                                                                 3,117                     3,254                     (137)                  (4.2%)


Bell Media operating revenues decreased by 4.2% in 2023, compared to last                                            and American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (SAG-AFTRA) strikes,
year, due to lower advertising revenues, partly offset by higher subscriber                                          along with the unfavourable year-over-year impact on specialty TV due to the
revenues. Operating revenues reflected continued growth from digital revenues (1)                                    benefit last year from the broadcast of the FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022. The decline
of 19% in 2023, which moderated the overall year-over-year pressure in operating                                     in advertising revenues was moderated by growth in digital advertising revenues,
revenues.                                                                                                            mainly driven by increased bookings from Bell Media’s SAM TV media sales tool.
• Advertising revenues declined by 8.6% in 2023, compared to last year, due to                                     • Subscriber revenues grew by 0.7% in 2023, compared to last year, due to the
  lower demand from advertisers as a result of the ongoing unfavourable economic                                     continued growth in Crave and sports streaming DTC subscribers, partly offset by
  conditions, which negatively impacted revenues across our TV and radio                                             the benefit last year from a retroactive adjustment related to a contract with a
  platforms. TV advertising revenues, in particular conventional TV revenues, were                                   Canadian TV distributor.
  also unfavourably impacted by the Writers Guild of America (WGA) and the
  Screen Actors Guild




(1) Digital revenues are comprised of advertising revenue from digital platforms including web sites, mobile apps, connected TV apps and OOH digital assets/platforms, as well as advertising procured through Bell digital buying
    platforms and subscription revenue from DTC services and VOD services.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                               63
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media

Operating costs and adjusted EBITDA
                                                                                                                   2023                2022           $ change           % change

Operating costs                                                                                                  (2,420)             (2,509)                89               3.5%
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                     697                745                 (48)              (6.4%)
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                           22.4%               22.9%                                (0.5) pts


Bell Media operating costs decreased by 3.5% in 2023, compared to last year,           • Noovo had 3 out of the top 10 most watched regular shows on French conventional
due to:                                                                                  TV among viewers aged 25 to 54
• Lower content and programming costs driven by content delays due to the WGA          • Crave the most distributed Canadian-owned premium video streaming service
  and SAG-AFTRA strikes, and higher 2022 costs related to the broadcast of the
                                                                                       • Bell Media continued to rank first in unique visitors, total page views and total page
  FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022, partly offset by continued contractual increases in
                                                                                         minutes in digital media in 2023 among Canadian broadcast and video network
  content costs
                                                                                         competitors. Bell Media also ranked sixth among online properties in the country in
• Cessation of the CRTC Part II broadcasting licence fee                                 terms of unique visitors and reach, with an average of 23.5 million unique visitors
                                                                                         per month, reaching 72% of the digital audience in 2023.
• Reduced labour costs driven by restructuring initiatives undertaken as a result of
  the unfavourable economic and broadcasting regulatory environments                   • Bell Media remained Canada’s top radio broadcaster in 2023, and it had the #1 and
                                                                                         #2 musical radio station in the Montréal French-language market for Fall 2023
Bell Media adjusted EBITDA decreased by 6.4% in 2023, compared to last year,             among listeners aged 25 to 54
due to lower operating revenues, partly offset by reduced operating costs.
                                                                                       • Astral continues to be a leading OOH solution provider across Canada, offering a
Bell Media operating metrics                                                             range of six product lines: outdoor advertising, street furniture, airport, digital large
                                                                                         format, transit and indoor place-based. Our products have the potential to reach
• CTV maintained its #1 ranking as the most-watched network in Canada for the            over 13 million Canadians weekly in 40 markets, and we offer exclusive advertising
  22nd year in a row among total viewers in primetime, with 10 of the top 20             presence including 6 of the top 15 airports and 2 of the top transit commissions in
  programs nationally among total viewers                                                Canada.
• Bell Media maintained its leadership position in the specialty and pay TV market
  with its English specialty and pay TV properties reaching 76% of all Canadian
  English specialty and pay TV viewers in the average week among key viewers
  aged 25 to 54 and with its French specialty and pay TV properties reaching 53%
  of Québec French specialty and pay TV viewers in an average week


Competitive landscape and industry trends
This section contains forward-looking statements, including related to our business outlook. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the
beginning of this MD&A.

Competitive landscape
Competition for content in the Canadian media industry continues to be                 • Digital media: Consumer demand for digital media, content on mobile devices,
increasingly controlled by a small number of global competitors with significant         and on-demand content is increasing and media products have experienced
scale and financial resources. Technology has allowed new entrants to become             significant digital uptake, requiring industry players to increase their efforts in digital
media players in their own right. Some players have become more vertically               content and capabilities in order to compete. In response to this trend, advertisers
integrated across both traditional and emerging platforms to better enable the           are shifting their spending to premium video and audio products on global digital
acquisition and monetization of premium content. Global aggregators have also            platforms and social media that enable marketers to narrowly target specific
emerged and are competing for both content and viewers.                                  audiences instead of the previous mass marketing approach. This results in lower
                                                                                         use of traditional advertising methods and requires a shift in focus. Bell Media and
Bell Media competes in the TV, radio, OOH advertising and digital media markets:         other media companies have initiated programs to sell their advertising inventory
• TV: The TV market has become increasingly fragmented and this trend is                 on a more targeted basis through updated buying platforms with enhanced access
  expected to continue as new services and technologies increase the diversity of        to data and are now selling their inventory on programmatic buying platforms.
  information and entertainment outlets available to consumers
                                                                                       In 2023, the Canadian advertising market continued to experience a slowdown
• Radio: Competition within the radio broadcasting industry occurs primarily in        consistent with trends in the global advertising market. Improvement is expected in
  discrete local market areas among individual stations                                the medium term, although visibility as to the specific timing and pace of recovery
                                                                                       remains limited.
• OOH: The Canadian OOH advertising industry is fragmented, consisting of a few
  large companies as well as numerous smaller and local companies operating in a
  few local markets


64       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media


Competitors                                                                                                      consuming more content online, watching less scheduled programming live, time-
                                                                                                                 shifting original broadcasts through PVRs, viewing more video on mobile devices,
TV                                                                                                               and catching up on an expanded library of past programming on-demand. While
• Conventional Canadian TV stations (local and distant signals) and specialty and                                households use pure OTT services, such as Crave, Netflix, Prime Video, Disney+
  pay channels, such as those owned by Corus Entertainment Inc. (Corus),                                         and Apple TV+, to complement linear TV consumption, an increasing number are
  Rogers, Québecor and Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)/Société                                           using these services as alternatives to a traditional linear package. With the increase
  Radio-Canada                                                                                                   of options in the alternative market, content is more widespread than ever before
                                                                                                                 across providers, resulting in a more competitive landscape. This has resulted in
• U.S. conventional TV stations and specialty channels
                                                                                                                 price increases and consumers’ need to subscribe to more than one service. The
• OTT streaming providers such as Netflix, Prime Video, Disney+, Apple TV+,                                      industry has responded with bundling options, lower price ad tiers, and an increase
  Paramount +, discovery+ and DAZN                                                                               in free, ad-supported streaming television (FAST) channels, such as The Roku
                                                                                                                 Channel, Tubi and Pluto TV.
• Video-sharing websites such as YouTube, TikTok and Instagram
                                                                                                                 Premium video content remains vitally important to media companies in attracting
Radio                                                                                                            and retaining viewers and advertisers. This content, including live sports and special
• Large radio operators, such as Rogers, Corus, Cogeco and Stingray Group Inc.                                   events, should continue to draw audiences and advertisers moving forward.
  that also own and operate radio station clusters in various local markets                                      Heightened competition for these rights from global competitors, including Netflix,
• Radio stations in specific local markets                                                                       Prime Video, Disney+, DAZN and Apple TV+, has already resulted in higher program
                                                                                                                 rights costs and may also make it more difficult to secure content.
• Satellite radio provider SiriusXM
                                                                                                                 Consumer behaviour is continually changing and media companies are adjusting by
• Music streaming services such as Spotify and Apple Music                                                       evolving and personalizing their content and product offerings. Media companies
• Music downloading services such as Apple’s iTunes Store                                                        have launched their own solutions with the objective of better competing with
                                                                                                                 non-traditional offerings through DTC products such as Bell Media’s bilingual Crave
• Other media such as newspapers, local weeklies, TV, magazines, outdoor                                         service, TSN and RDS, all of which offer streaming on a variety of platforms. While
  advertising and the Internet                                                                                   the SVOD model continues to dominate the streaming landscape, AVOD and FAST
                                                                                                                 services are seeing tremendous growth due to the appeal to price-conscious
OOH advertising
                                                                                                                 consumers.
• Large outdoor and indoor advertisers, such as Pattison Outdoor Advertising,
  Allvision, Vendo, OUTFRONT Media (1), Québecor, Branded City, REC Media, UB                                    In addition, there has been a shift in how advertisers want to buy advertising across
  Media and Rouge Media (a division of Rogers Sports & Media)                                                    all media platforms. The growth of digital consumption has also given advertisers the
                                                                                                                 opportunity to buy more targeted inventory and to buy inventory via self-serve and
• Numerous smaller and local companies operating a limited number of faces in a                                  programmatically. As a result, Bell Media and other media companies have initiated
  few local markets                                                                                              programs to sell their advertising inventory on a more targeted basis through
• Other media such as TV, radio, print media and the Internet                                                    updated buying platforms with enhanced access to data and are now selling their
                                                                                                                 inventory on programmatic buying platforms.
Industry trends
Consumers continue to have access to an array of online entertainment and
information alternatives, with new options being added yearly. The increase in
alternative entertainment options has led to a fragmentation in consumption habits.
Traditional linear TV still delivers higher viewership compared to other forms of
video consumption, although the gap is closing with more people consuming
content from an assortment of services and in a variety of formats. In particular,
today’s viewers are



Business outlook and assumptions
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our projected financial performance for 2024 and our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic
priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.

2024 outlook
We are targeting positive media revenue growth in 2024. While the advertising                                    competing OTT and digital platforms, as well as further TV cord-shaving and cord-
market continues to be adversely affected by economic uncertainty, we expect a                                   cutting, are also expected to continue to negatively impact subscriber volumes.
recovery in 2024, although visibility as to the specific timing and pace of recovery
remains limited. Subscriber revenue is expected to reflect the non-recurrence of                                 We remain focused on advancing our digital-first media strategy, including growing
revenue adjustments in 2023, but moderated by BDU rate increases and continued                                   digital revenues and DTC subscribers, and increasing usage of our ad buying
scaling of DTC products, such as Crave, including expanded distribution and price                                optimization platforms. We also intend to continue controlling costs by achieving
increases. The effects of shifting media consumption towards                                                     productivity gains and pursuing operational efficiencies across all of our media
                                                                                                                 properties, while continuing to invest in premium content across all screens and
                                                                                                                 platforms.




(1) On October 23, 2023, Bell Media announced it plans to acquire the Canadian out-of-home media business of OUTFRONT Media Inc. The transaction is valued at $410 million, subject to certain adjustments, and is expected to
    close in the first half of 2024, subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                           65
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media

Across our media properties, particularly in TV, we intend to leverage our market      In our OOH operations, we plan to provide advertisers with attractive opportunities in
position combined with enhanced audience targeting to offer advertisers, both          key Canadian markets. We will also continue to seek new opportunities to support
nationally and locally, premium opportunities to reach their target audiences.         the growing demand in digital, including converting certain outdoor structures to
Success in this area requires that we focus on successfully acquiring highly rated     digital and adding new boards. Our proposed acquisition of the Canadian
programming and differentiated content; building and maintaining strategic supply      out-of-home media business of OUTFRONT Media Inc., which is expected to close
arrangements for content across all screens and platforms; and producing and           in the first half of 2024, subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions, is
commissioning high-quality Canadian content, including market-leading news. We         expected to support our digital media strategy and to deliver impactful, multi-channel
will also continue scaling our SAM TV and Bell DSP ad buying optimization              marketing solutions coast-to-coast.
platforms, which give customers the ability to plan, activate and measure
marketing campaigns using Bell’s premium first-party data and expanding                Assumptions
personalization of ad content to TV and digital radio.
                                                                                       • Overall digital revenue expected to reflect continued scaling of our SAM TV and
Our sports offerings are expected to continue to deliver popular content and             DSP buying platforms, expansion of Addressable TV (ATV), as well as DTC
viewing experiences to our TV and DTC audiences. These offerings, combined               subscriber growth, contributing towards the advancement of our digital-first media
with the integration of our digital platforms, are integral parts of our strategy to     strategy
enhance viewership and engagement. We will also continue to focus on creating
                                                                                       • Leveraging of first-party data to improve targeting, advertisement delivery including
innovative high-quality productions in the areas of sports news and editorial
                                                                                         personalized viewing experience and attribution
coverage.
                                                                                       • Continued escalation of media content costs to secure quality programming
In non-sports specialty TV, audiences and advertising revenues are expected to be
driven by investment in quality programming and production.                            • Continued scaling of Crave through optimized content offering, user experience
                                                                                         improvements and expanded distribution
Through Crave, our bilingual premium video streaming service, we will continue to
leverage our investments in premium content (including HBO, Max, STARZ and             • Continued support in original French programming with a focus on digital platforms
original French-language programming) in order to attract pay TV and DTC                 such as Crave, Noovo.ca and iHeartRadio, to better serve our French-language
subscribers. We intend to continue expanding platform distribution and delivering        customers through a personalized digital experience
user experience improvements.                                                          • Ability to successfully acquire and produce highly-rated programming and
                                                                                         differentiated content
We will continue to support original French programming with a focus on digital
platforms such as Crave, Noovo.ca and iHeartRadio, to better serve our French-         • Building and maintaining strategic supply arrangements for content across all
language customers through a personalized digital experience.                            screens and platforms
In radio, we intend to offer advertisers, both nationally and locally, attractive      • No adverse material financial, operational or competitive consequences of changes
opportunities to reach their target audiences. Additionally, in conjunction with our     in or implementation of regulations affecting our media business
TV properties, we will continue to pursue opportunities that leverage our
promotional capabilities, provide an expanded platform for content sharing, and
offer other synergistic efficiencies.


66      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media


Key growth drivers
• Building out digital experiences and expanding distribution in order to support         • Ongoing growth in BDU rates
  audience growth and increase advertising inventory
                                                                                          • Delivery of compelling content to maintain strength in audience performance
• Monetization of Bell data through continued scaling of SAM TV and Bell DSP
  buying platforms as well as expansion of Addressable TV and Addressable Audio



Principal business risks
This section discusses certain principal business risks specifically related to the Bell Media segment. For a detailed description of the other principal risks that could have a
material adverse effect on our business, refer to section 9, Business risks.

Advertising and subscription revenue uncertainty                                          Aggressive competition
Risk                                                                                      Risk
• Advertising is heavily dependent on economic conditions and viewership, and             • The intensity of competitive activity from new technologies and alternative
  traditional media is under increasing pressure for advertising spend against              distribution platforms such as unregulated OTT content offerings, VOD, personal
  dominant non-traditional/global digital services                                          video platforms, DTC distribution and pirated content, in addition to traditional TV
                                                                                            services, in combination with the development of more aggressive product and
• The advertising market could be further impacted by cancelled or delayed
                                                                                            sales strategies by non-traditional global players with a much larger scale
  advertising campaigns from many sectors due to the economic environment
• Bell Media has contracts with a variety of BDUs, under which monthly                    Potential impact
  subscription fees for specialty and pay TV services are earned, that expire on a        • Increased competitive activity in combination with the development of more
  specific date                                                                             aggressive product and sales strategies could have an adverse impact on the level
                                                                                            of subscriptions and/or viewership for Bell Media’s TV services and on Bell Media’s
Potential impact                                                                            revenue streams
• Economic uncertainty could continue to impact advertisers’ spending. Our failure
  to increase or maintain viewership or capture our share of the changing and             Rising content costs and ability to secure key content
  fragmented advertising market, including digital revenues, could result in the loss
  of advertising revenue.                                                                 Risk
                                                                                          • Rising content costs, as an increasing number of domestic and global competitors
• If we are not successful in obtaining favourable agreements with BDUs, it could           seek to acquire the same content or to restrict content within their own ecosystems,
  result in the loss of subscription revenue                                                and the ability to acquire or develop key differentiated content to drive revenues
                                                                                            and subscriber growth
                                                                                          Potential impact
                                                                                          • Rising programming costs could require us to incur unplanned expenses, which
                                                                                            could result in negative pressure on adjusted EBITDA
                                                                                          • Our inability to acquire or develop popular programming content could adversely
                                                                                            affect Bell Media’s viewership and subscription levels and, consequently,
                                                                                            advertising and subscription revenues

                                                                                                                                                                              67
6 MD&A Financial and capital management




6                 Financial and capital management
This section tells you how we manage our cash and capital resources to carry out our strategy and deliver financial results. It provides an analysis of our
financial condition, cash flows and liquidity on a consolidated basis.



6.1            Net debt
                                                                                                                                                      2023                   2022               $ change               % change

Long-term debt                                                                                                                                     31,135                 27,783                   3,352                  12.1%
Debt due within one year                                                                                                                            5,042                  4,137                     905                  21.9%
50% of preferred shares (1)                                                                                                                         1,834                   1,935                    (101)                (5.2%)
Cash                                                                                                                                                  (547)                    (99)                  (448)                    n.m.
Cash equivalents                                                                                                                                      (225)                    (50)                  (175)                    n.m.
Short-term investments                                                                                                                             (1,000)                       –                (1,000)                     n.m.
Net debt                                                                                                                                           36,239                 33,706                   2,533                      7.5%

n.m.: not meaningful
(1) 50% of outstanding preferred shares of $3,667 million and $3,870 million at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, are classified as debt consistent with the treatment by some credit rating agencies.


The increase of $905 million in debt due within one year and $3,352 million in long­                               The increase in cash of $448 million, the increase in cash equivalents of $175 million
term debt were due to:                                                                                             and the increase in short-term investments of $1,000 million were mainly due to:
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series M-57, Series M-58, Series M-59, Series                                     • $7,946 million of cash flows from operating activities
  M-60, Series M-61 and Series M-62 MTN debentures, with total principal
                                                                                                                   • $5,195 million of issuance of long-term debt
  amounts of $300 million, $1,050 million, $450 million, $600 million, $400 million
  and $700 million in Canadian dollars, respectively                                                               • $209 million from business dispositions
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series US-8 Notes, with a total principal amount                                  Partly offset by:
  of $850 million in U.S. dollars ($1,138 million in Canadian dollars)
                                                                                                                   • $4,581 million of capital expenditures
• outstanding loans of $491 million under the Bell Mobility uncommitted trade loan
  agreement                                                                                                        • $3,486 million of dividends paid on BCE common shares

• a net increase of $374 million due to higher lease liabilities and other debt                                    • $1,858 million of repayment of long-term debt
                                                                                                                   • $646 million decrease in notes payable (net of issuances)
Partly offset by:
                                                                                                                   • $223 million paid for the purchase on the open market of BCE common shares for
• a decrease in notes payable (net of issuances) of $646 million
                                                                                                                     the settlement of share-based payments
• the repayment at maturity of Series M-29 MTN debentures, with a total principal
                                                                                                                   • $222 million for business acquisitions
  amount of $600 million
                                                                                                                   • $183 million for the purchase of spectrum licences
                                                                                                                   • $182 million of dividends paid on BCE preferred shares
                                                                                                                   • $149 million repurchase of a financial liability
                                                                                                                   • $140 million paid for the repurchase of BCE preferred shares


68         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A Financial and capital management



6.2            Outstanding share data
                                                                                        Number                                                                                     Number        Weighted average
Common shares outstanding                                                              of shares      Stock options outstanding                                                  of options      exercise price ($)

Outstanding, January 1, 2023                                                       911,982,866        Outstanding, January 1, 2023                                               7,802,108                      61
Shares issued under deferred share plan                                                    843        Exercised (1)                                                               (306,139)                     60
Shares issued under employee stock option plan                                         306,139        Forfeited or expired                                                         (11,408)                     63
Unclaimed shares (1)                                                                    (15,303)      Outstanding, December 31, 2023                                             7,484,561                      61
Outstanding, December 31, 2023                                                     912,274,545
                                                                                                      Exercisable, December 31, 2023                                             7,484,561                      61
(1) Represents unclaimed shares following the expiry of former Manitoba Telecom Services Inc. (MTS)
                                                                                                      (1) The weighted average market share price for options exercised in 2023 was $63.
    shareholders’ right to receive BCE common shares in connection with the acquisition of MTS.


At March 7, 2024, 912,275,388 common shares and 6,599,815 stock options were outstanding.



6.3            Cash flows
                                                                                                                                       2023                   2022               $ change                % change

Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                 7,946                   8,365                   (419)                  (5.0%)
Capital expenditures                                                                                                                (4,581)                 (5,133)                   552                   10.8%
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                                (182)                  (136)                    (46)                (33.8%)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest                                                                         (47)                    (39)                       (8)             (20.5%)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                                                          8                     10                         (2)             (20.0%)
Free cash flow                                                                                                                       3,144                   3,067                     77                    2.5%
Business acquisitions                                                                                                                 (222)                   (429)                   207                   48.3%
Business dispositions                                                                                                                  209                      52                    157                     n.m.
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                                                         (8)                    (10)                       2                20.0%
Short-term investments                                                                                                              (1,000)                       –                (1,000)                    n.m.
Spectrum licences                                                                                                                      (183)                    (3)                  (180)                    n.m.
Other investing activities                                                                                                               (4)                    (4)                     –                        –
(Decrease) increase in notes payable                                                                                                   (646)                   111                   (757)                    n.m.
Increase in securitized receivables                                                                                                       –                    700                   (700)                (100.0%)
Issue of long-term debt                                                                                                              5,195                   1,951                  3,244                     n.m.
Repayment of long-term debt                                                                                                         (1,858)                 (2,023)                   165                    8.2%
Repurchase of a financial liability                                                                                                    (149)                     –                   (149)                    n.m.
Issue of common shares                                                                                                                   18                    171                   (153)                 (89.5%)
Purchase of shares for settlement of share-based payments                                                                              (223)                  (255)                        32               12.5%
Repurchase of preferred shares                                                                                                         (140)                  (125)                    (15)                (12.0%)
Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                                                                (3,486)                 (3,312)                  (174)                  (5.3%)
Other financing activities                                                                                                              (24)                    (31)                        7               22.6%

Net increase (decrease) in cash                                                                                                        448                    (190)                   638                     n.m.
Net increase in cash equivalents                                                                                                       175                      50                    125                     n.m.

n.m.: not meaningful

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  69
6 MD&A Financial and capital management


Cash flows from operating activities and free cash flow
In 2023, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities decreased by $419 million,        Free cash flow increased by $77 million in 2023, compared to 2022, mainly due to
compared to 2022, mainly due to lower cash from working capital, in part from         lower capital expenditures, partly offset by lower cash flows from operating activities,
timing of supplier payments, and higher interest paid, partly offset by higher        excluding cash from acquisition and other costs paid.
adjusted EBITDA and lower contributions to post-employment benefit plans.



Capital expenditures
                                                                                                                 2023               2022          $ change          % change

Bell CTS                                                                                                        4,421              4,971              550             11.1%
   Capital intensity                                                                                           20.2%              23.3%                               3.1 pts
Bell Media                                                                                                       160                162                  2             1.2%
     Capital intensity                                                                                          5.1%               5.0%                             (0.1) pts

BCE                                                                                                             4,581              5,133              552             10.8%
     Capital intensity                                                                                         18.6%              21.2%                               2.6 pts


BCE capital expenditures of $4,581 million in 2023, declined 10.8% or                 accelerated network investments in 2022, as well as an unplanned additional
$552 million, compared to 2022, with a corresponding capital intensity ratio of       $105 million decrease in Q4 2023 as a result of the CRTC’s decision in November
18.6%, down 2.6 pts over last year. The decline was driven by lower capital           2023 to mandate wholesale access to Bell’s FTTP network. We continued to focus
expenditures in our Bell CTS segment of $550 million as a result of lower planned     our investments in 2023 on the further expansion of our FTTP and mobile 5G
capital spending in 2023 subsequent to                                                networks.



Business acquisitions
On June 1, 2023, Bell acquired FX Innovation, a Montréal-based provider of cloud-     $303 million ($282 million net of cash acquired) and $39 million of estimated
focused managed and professional services and workflow automation solutions for       additional cash consideration contingent on the achievement of certain performance
business clients, for cash consideration of $157 million ($156 million net of cash    objectives. This contingent consideration was expected to be settled by 2026 and
acquired), of which $12 million is payable within two years, and an estimated         the maximum contingent consideration payable was $65 million. Contingent
$6 million of additional cash consideration contingent on the achievement of          consideration is estimated to be $49 million at December 31, 2023 of which
certain performance objectives. This contingent consideration is expected to be       $19 million was paid in 2023. The remaining $30 million is expected to be paid in
settled by 2027 and the maximum amount payable is $7 million. Contingent              2024.
consideration is estimated to be nil at December 31, 2023.
                                                                                      In February 2022, Bell acquired EBOX and other related companies, which provide
On December 1, 2022, Bell acquired Distributel, a national independent                Internet, telephone and TV services to consumers and businesses in Québec and
communications provider offering a wide range of consumer, business and               parts of Ontario, for cash consideration of $153 million ($139 million net of cash
wholesale communications services, for cash consideration of                          acquired).



Business dispositions
On May 3, 2023, we completed the sale of our 63% ownership in certain production studios, which were included in our Bell Media segment for net cash proceeds of
$211 million.
On March 1, 2022, we completed the sale of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Createch for cash proceeds of $54 million.


Spectrum licences
On May 19, 2023, after approval from ISED, Bell Mobility obtained the right to use, through subordination, certain of Xplore Inc.’s 3500 megahertz spectrum licences in
Québec, for $145 million.
70         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A Financial and capital management


Debt instruments
We use a combination of short-term and long-term debt to finance our operations. Our short-term debt consists mostly of notes payable under commercial paper programs,
loans securitized by receivables and wireless device financing plan receivables, and bank facilities. We usually pay fixed rates of interest on our long-term debt and floating
rates on our short-term debt. As at December 31, 2023, all of our debt was denominated in Canadian dollars with the exception of our commercial paper, Bell Mobility trade
loans and Series US-1, US-2, US-3, US-4, US-5, US-6, US-7 and US-8 Notes, which are denominated in U.S. dollars and have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations
with cross currency interest rate swaps.

2023                                                                                     2022
During 2023, we issued debt, net of repayments. This included:                           During 2022, we issued debt, net of repayments. This included:
• $5,195 million issuance of long-term debt comprised of the issuance of Series          • $1,951 million issuance of long-term debt comprised of the issuance of Series M-57
  M-57, Series M-58, Series M-59, Series M-60, Series M-61 and Series M-62 MTN             MTN debentures with a total principal amount of $1 billion in Canadian dollars and
  debentures, with total principal amounts of $300 million, $1,050 million,                the issuance of Series US-7 Notes, with a total principal amount of $750 million in
  $450 million, $600 million, $400 million and $700 million in Canadian dollars,           U.S. dollars ($954 million in Canadian dollars), partly offset by $3 million mainly
  respectively, the issuance of Series US-8 Notes, with a total principal amount of        related to discounts on our debt issuances
  $850 million in U.S. dollars ($1,138 million in Canadian dollars), the increase of
                                                                                         • $700 million increase in securitized receivables
  $491 million in outstanding loans under the Bell Mobility uncommitted trade loan
  agreement and the issuance of other debt of $75 million, partly offset by              • $111 million issuance (net of repayments) of notes payable
  $8 million of discounts on our debt issuances
                                                                                         Partly offset by:
Partly offset by:
                                                                                         • $2,023 million repayment of long-term debt comprised of the early redemption of
• $1,258 million repayment of long-term debt comprised of net payments of leases           Series M-26 MTN debentures with a total principal amount of $1 billion in Canadian
  and other debt                                                                           dollars, and net payments of leases and other debt of $1,023 million
• $646 million repayment (net of issuances) of notes payable
• $600 million repayment of Series M-29 MTN debentures



Consolidation of MLSE ownership under BCE (repurchase of a financial liability)
In January 2023, BCE repurchased the 9% interest held by the BCE Master Trust Fund (Master Trust Fund), a trust fund that holds pension fund investments serving the
pension obligations of the BCE group pension plan participants, in MLSE for a cash consideration of $149 million, as a result of BCE’s obligation to repurchase the Master
Trust Fund’s interest in MLSE at that price.


Issuance of common shares
The issuance of common shares in 2023 decreased by $153 million, compared to 2022, mainly due to a lower number of exercised stock options.


Repurchase of preferred shares
In 2023, BCE repurchased and canceled 8,124,533 First Preferred Shares under its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) for a total cost of $140 million.
Subsequent to year end, BCE repurchased and canceled 1,412,388 First Preferred Shares for a total cost of $25 million.
In 2022, BCE repurchased and canceled 584,300 First Preferred Shares for a total cost of $10 million.
In Q1 2022, BCE redeemed its 4,600,000 issued and outstanding Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares, Series AO for a total cost of $115 million.


Cash dividends paid on common shares
In 2023, cash dividends paid on common shares of $3,486 million increased by $174 million, compared to 2022, due to a higher dividend paid in 2023 of $3.8225 per
common share, compared to $3.6350 per common share in 2022.



6.4          Post-employment benefit plans
For the year ended December 31, 2023, we recorded a decrease in our post-                For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an increase in our post-
employment benefit plans and a loss, before taxes, in OCI of $553 million. This          employment benefit plans and a gain, before taxes, in OCI of $566 million. This was
was due to a lower actual discount rate of 4.6% at December 31, 2023, compared           due to a higher actual discount rate of 5.3% at December 31, 2022, compared to
to 5.3% at December 31, 2022, partly offset by a gain on plan assets, experience         3.2% at December 31, 2021, partly offset by a loss on plan assets, experience
gains and a decrease in the effect of the asset limit.                                   losses and an increase in the effect of the asset limit.


                                                                                                                                                                            71
6 MD&A Financial and capital management



6.5           Financial risk management
Management’s objectives are to protect BCE and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis against material economic exposures and variability of results from various financial
risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk, interest rate risk , equity price risk and longevity risk. These risks are further described in Note 2, Material
accounting policies, Note 9, Other expense, Note 27, Post-employment benefit plans and Note 29, Financial and capital management in BCE’s 2023 consolidated financial
statements.
The following table outlines our financial risks, how we manage these risks and their financial statement classification.

Financial risk           Description of risk                                      Management of risk and financial statement classification
Credit risk              We are exposed to credit risk from operating             • Large and diverse customer base
                         activities and certain financing activities, the
                                                                                  • Deal with institutions with investment-grade credit ratings
                         maximum exposure of which is represented by the
                         carrying amounts reported in the statements of           • Regularly monitor our credit risk and credit exposure, and consider, among other factors, the effects of changes
                         financial position. We are exposed to credit risk if       in interest rates and inflation
                         counterparties to our receivables, including wireless
                                                                                  • Our trade receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts balances at December 31, 2023, which both include
                         device financing plan receivables, and derivative
                                                                                    the current portion of wireless device financing plan receivables, were $3,959 million and $118 million,
                         instruments are unable to meet their obligations.
                                                                                    respectively
                                                                                  • Our non-current wireless device financing plan receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts balances at
                                                                                    December 31, 2023 were $401 million and $15 million, respectively
                                                                                  • Our contract assets balance at December 31, 2023 was $735 million, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts
                                                                                    balance of $18 million

Liquidity risk           We are exposed to liquidity risk for financial liabilities. • Our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under our securitized receivables
                                                                                       program, cash flows from operations and possible capital markets financing are expected to be sufficient to fund
                                                                                       our operations and fulfill our obligations as they become due. Should our cash requirements exceed the above
                                                                                       sources of cash, we would expect to cover such a shortfall by drawing on existing committed bank facilities and
                                                                                       new ones, to the extent available
                                                                                  • Refer to section 6.7, Liquidity – Contractual obligations, for a maturity analysis of our recognized financial
                                                                                    liabilities

Foreign                  We are exposed to foreign currency risk related to       • At December 31, 2023, we had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts and options maturing from 2024
currency risk            anticipated purchases and certain foreign currency         to 2025 of $4.6 billion in U.S. dollars ($5.9 billion in Canadian dollars) and ₱2.9 billion in Philippine pesos
                         debt.                                                      ($69 million in Canadian dollars), to manage foreign currency risk related to anticipated purchases and certain
                                                                                    foreign currency debt
                         A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the value of the
                         Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar would         • For cash flow hedges relating to anticipated purchases denominated in foreign currencies, changes in the fair
                         result in a gain of $28 million (loss of $100 million)      value are recognized in our statements of comprehensive income, except for any ineffective portion of the
                         recognized in net earnings at December 31, 2023             hedging relationship, which is recognized in Other expense in the income statements. Realized gains and
                         and a gain of $124 million (loss of $123 million)           losses in Accumulated OCI are reclassified to the income statements or to the initial cost of the related
                         recognized in Other comprehensive (loss) income at          non-financial asset in the same periods as the corresponding hedged transactions are recognized.
                         December 31, 2023, with all other variables held          • For cash flow hedges relating to our U.S. dollar debt under our commercial paper program, securitization of
                         constant.                                                   receivables program and committed credit facilities, changes in the fair value are recognized in Other expense
                         A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the value of the       in the income statements and offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt, except for
                         Canadian dollar relative to the Philippine peso would       any portion of the hedging relationship which is ineffective
                         result in a gain (loss) of $5 million recognized in       • For economic hedges, changes in the fair value are recognized in Other expense in the income statements
                         Other comprehensive (loss) income at December 31,
                         2023, with all other variables held constant.            • At December 31, 2023, we had outstanding cross currency interest rate swaps with notional amounts of
                                                                                    $5,100 million in U.S. dollars ($6,603 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our
                         Refer to the following Fair value section for details on   U.S. Notes maturing from 2032 to 2052
                         our derivative financial instruments.
                                                                                    • For these cross currency interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in
                                                                                      our statements of comprehensive income, except for amounts recorded in Other expense in the income
                                                                                      statements to offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt and any portion of the
                                                                                      hedging relationship which is ineffective
                                                                                  • At December 31, 2023, we had outstanding cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of
                                                                                    $360 million in U.S. dollars ($491 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of
                                                                                    outstanding loans maturing in 2025 under our Bell Mobility trade loan agreement
                                                                                   • For these cross currency interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in
                                                                                     our statements of comprehensive income, except for amounts recorded in Other expense in the income
                                                                                     statements to offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt and any portion of the
                                                                                     hedging relationship which is ineffective

72       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A Financial and capital management

Financial risk         Description of risk                                        Management of risk and financial statement classification
Interest rate risk     We are exposed to risk on the interest rates of our        • We use interest rate swaps, cross currency basis rate swaps, cross currency interest rate swaps, forward starting
                       debt, our post-employment benefit plans and on               interest rate swaps, and amortizing interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate exposure on existing and/or future
                       dividend rate resets on our preferred shares.                debt issuances. We also use leveraged interest rate options to hedge economically the dividend rate resets on
                                                                                    preferred shares.
                       A 1% increase (decrease) in interest rates would
                       result in a loss (gain) of $26 million recognized in net   • At December 31, 2023, we had outstanding cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of
                       earnings at December 31, 2023, with all other                $600 million in U.S. dollars ($748 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the interest exposure of our U.S. Notes
                       variables held constant.                                     maturing in 2024
                       A 0.1% increase (decrease) in cross currency basis          • For these cross currency interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt
                       swap rates would result in a gain (loss) of $11 million       are recognized in Other expense in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective
                       recognized in net earnings at December 31, 2023,              portion of the hedging relationship
                       with all other variables held constant.
                                                                                  • At December 31, 2023, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $625 million which will
                       Refer to the following Fair value section for details on     mature in 2027 and have been designated to hedge the fair value of our Series M-53 MTN debentures
                       our derivative financial instruments.
                                                                                   • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in
                                                                                     Other expense in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging
                                                                                     relationship
                                                                                  • At December 31, 2023, we had outstanding forward starting interest rate swaps, effective 2024, with a notional
                                                                                    amount of $700 million which will mature in 2029 and have been designated to hedge the fair value of our Series
                                                                                    M-62 MTN debentures
                                                                                   • For forward starting interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are
                                                                                     recognized in Other expense in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion
                                                                                     of the hedging relationship
                                                                                  • At December 31, 2023, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $500 million to hedge
                                                                                    the fair value of our series M-52 MTN debentures maturing in 2030
                                                                                   • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in
                                                                                     Other expense in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging
                                                                                     relationship
                                                                                  • At December 31, 2023, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $500 million to hedge
                                                                                    the fair value of our series M-57 MTN debentures maturing in 2032
                                                                                   • For interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in
                                                                                     Other expense in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging
                                                                                     relationship
                                                                                  • At December 31, 2023, we had outstanding forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from 2028 with a
                                                                                    notional amount of $125 million to hedge the fair value of our series M-59 MTN debentures maturing in 2053
                                                                                   • For forward starting interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are
                                                                                     recognized in Other expense in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion
                                                                                     of the hedging relationship
                                                                                  • At December 31, 2023, we had outstanding forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from 2028 with a
                                                                                    notional amount of $400 million to hedge the fair value of our series M-61 MTN debentures maturing in 2053
                                                                                   • For forward starting interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are
                                                                                     recognized in Other expense in the income statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion
                                                                                     of the hedging relationship
                                                                                  • At December 31, 2023, we had an outstanding amortizing interest rate swap with a notional amount of
                                                                                    $197 million to hedge the interest rate exposure on other debt maturing in 2028
                                                                                   • For amortizing interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our
                                                                                    statements of comprehensive income
                                                                                  • At December 31, 2023, we had outstanding cross currency basis rate swaps maturing in 2024 with a notional
                                                                                    amount of $644 million to hedge economically the basis rate exposure on future debt issuances
                                                                                   • For these cross currency basis rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in the
                                                                                     income statements in Other expense
                                                                                  • At December 31, 2023, we had outstanding leveraged interest rate options with a fair value of nil to hedge
                                                                                    economically the dividend rate resets on $582 million of our preferred shares which had varying reset dates in
                                                                                    2021 for the periods ending in 2026
                                                                                   • For leveraged interest rate options, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in the income
                                                                                     statements in Other expense
                                                                                  • For our post-employment benefit plans, the interest rate risk is managed using a liability matching approach,
                                                                                    which reduces the exposure of the DB plans to a mismatch between investment growth and obligation growth

                                                                                                                                                                                                       73
6 MD&A Financial and capital management

Financial risk                 Description of risk                                             Management of risk and financial statement classification
Equity price risk              We are exposed to risk on our cash flow related to   • At December 31, 2023, we had outstanding equity forward contracts with a fair value net liability of $162 million
                               the settlement of equity settled share-based payment   on BCE’s common shares to economically hedge the cash flow exposure related to the settlement of equity
                               plans.                                                 settled share-based compensation plans
                               A 5% increase (decrease) in the market price of                  • Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in the income statements in Other expense
                               BCE’s common shares would result in a gain (loss)
                               of $29 million recognized in net earnings at
                               December 31, 2023, with all other variables held
                               constant.
                               Refer to the following Fair value section for details on
                               our derivative financial instruments.

Longevity risk                 We are exposed to life expectancy risk on our post-             • The Bell Canada Pension Plan has an investment arrangement which hedges part of its exposure to potential
                               employment benefit plans.                                         increases in longevity, which covers approximately $3 billion of post-employment benefit obligations


Fair value
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a                              The carrying values of our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, trade and
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement                                 other receivables, trade payables and other liabilities, interest payable, dividends
date.                                                                                                              payable, notes payable and loans secured by receivables approximate fair value as
                                                                                                                   they are short-term. The carrying value of wireless device financing plan receivables
Certain fair value estimates are affected by assumptions we make about the                                         approximates fair value given that their average remaining duration is short and the
amount and timing of future cash flows and discount rates, all of which reflect                                    carrying value is reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts and an allowance
varying degrees of risk. Income taxes and other expenses that may be incurred on                                   for revenue adjustments. The carrying value of the Bell Mobility trade loans
disposition of financial instruments are not reflected in the fair values. As a result,                            approximates fair value given their average remaining duration is short and they
the fair values may not be the net amounts that would be realized if these                                         bear interest at a variable rate.
instruments were settled.

The following table provides the fair value details of other financial instruments measured at amortized cost in the statements of financial position.

                                                                                                                                                                  December 31, 2023                  December 31, 2022

                                                                                                                                                                   Carrying          Fair            Carrying          Fair
                                     Classification                           Fair value methodology                                                                 value          value              value          value

Debt securities                      Debt due within one year                 Quoted market price of debt                                                          29,049        28,225               25,061       23,026
and other debt                       and long-term debt


The following table provides the fair value details of financial instruments measured at fair value in the statements of financial position.

                                                                                                                                                                 Fair value
                                                                                                                                                    Quoted prices in
                                                                                                                                                   active markets for             Observable               Non-observable
                                                                                                                          Carrying value of          identical assets             market data              market inputs
                                               Classification                                                               asset (liability)                (level 1)               (level 2) (1)              (level 3) (2)

December 31, 2023
Publicly-traded and privately-held             Other non-current assets                                                                 587                        10                        –                        577
investments (3)
Derivative financial instruments               Other current assets, trade payables and other liabilities,                             (488)                        –                     (488)                          –
                                               other non-current assets and liabilities
Other                                          Other non-current assets and liabilities                                                 147                         –                       216                       (69)
December 31, 2022
Publicly-traded and privately-held             Other non-current assets                                                                 215                         9                        –                        206
investments (3)
Derivative financial instruments               Other current assets, trade payables and other liabilities,                               72                         –                        72                          –
                                               other non-current assets and liabilities
MLSE financial liability (4)                   Trade payables and other liabilities                                                    (149)                        –                        –                       (149)
Other                                          Other non-current assets and liabilities                                                 108                         –                       184                       (76)

(1) Observable market data such as equity prices, interest rates, swap rate curves and foreign currency exchange rates.
(2) Non-observable market inputs such as discounted cash flows and revenue and earnings multiples. For certain privately-held investments, changes in our valuation assumption relating to revenue and earnings multiples may
    result in a significant increase (decrease) in the fair value of our level 3 financial instruments.
(3) Unrealized gains and losses are recorded in OCI in the statements of comprehensive income and are reclassified from Accumulated OCI to the deficit in the statements of financial position when realized.
(4) Represented BCE’s obligation to repurchase the Master Trust Fund’s 9% interest in MLSE at a price not less than an agreed minimum price. In January 2023, BCE repurchased the interest in MLSE held by the Master Trust
    Fund for a cash consideration of $149 million.

74         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A Financial and capital management



6.6             Credit ratings
Credit ratings generally address the ability of a company to repay principal and pay                                  credit ratings at the time capital is raised. Investment grade credit ratings usually
interest on debt or dividends on issued and outstanding preferred shares.                                             mean that when we borrow money, we can obtain lower interest rates than
                                                                                                                      companies that have ratings lower than investment grade. A ratings downgrade
Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity and                                 could result in adverse consequences for our funding cost and capacity, and our
debt capital markets, the money market, as well as the bank credit market. Our                                        ability to access the capital markets, the money market and/or bank credit market.
ability to access such markets and the cost and amount of funding available partly
depend on our assigned

The following table provides BCE’s and Bell Canada’s credit ratings, which are considered investment grade, as at March 7, 2024 from DBRS, Moody’s and S&P.


Key credit ratings
                                                                                                                                                                                        Bell Canada (1)

March 7, 2024                                                                                                                                                          DBRS            Moody’s                                    S&P

Commercial paper                                                                                                                                                  R-2 (high)                P-2       A-1 (Low) (Canadian scale)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 A-2 (Global scale)
Long-term debt                                                                                                                                                   BBB (high)               Baa1                                 BBB+
Subordinated long-term debt                                                                                                                                       BBB (low)               Baa2                                   BBB
                                                                                                                                                                                            BCE (1)

                                                                                                                                                                       DBRS            Moody’s                                    S&P

Preferred shares                                                                                                                                                       Pfd-3                   –      P-2 (Low) (Canadian scale)
                                                                                                                                                                                                               BBB- (Global scale)

(1) These credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of the securities referred to, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the rating
    agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor. Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.


As of March 7, 2024, BCE’s and Bell Canada’s credit ratings have stable outlooks from DBRS, Moody’s and S&P.



6.7             Liquidity
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our anticipated capital expenditures, our expected post-employment benefit plans funding, and the
sources of liquidity we expect to use to meet our 2024 cash requirements. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.


Available liquidity
Total available liquidity at December 31, 2023 was $5.8 billion, comprised of                                         In 2024, our cash flows from operations, cash, cash equivalents, short-term
$547 million in cash, $225 million in cash equivalents, $1,000 million in short-term                                  investments, capital markets financings, securitized receivables program and credit
investments, $700 million available under our securitized receivables program and                                     facilities should give us flexibility in carrying out our plans for business growth,
$3.3 billion available under our $3.5 billion committed revolving and expansion                                       including business acquisitions, as well as for the payment of contingencies.
credit facilities (given $197 million of commercial paper outstanding).
                                                                                                                      We continuously monitor our operations, capital markets and the Canadian economy
We expect that our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts                                            with the objective of maintaining adequate liquidity.
available under our securitized receivables program, cash flows from operations
and possible capital markets financing will permit us to meet our cash                                                Securitization program
requirements in 2024 for capital expenditures, post-employment benefit plans
funding, dividend payments, the payment of contractual obligations, maturing debt,                                    In 2022, we entered into a new securitization program which replaced our previous
ongoing operations and other cash requirements.                                                                       securitized trade receivables program and now includes wireless device financing
                                                                                                                      plan receivables. As a result, the maximum amount available under our
Should our 2024 cash requirements exceed our cash, cash equivalents, short-term                                       securitization program increased from $1.3 billion at December 31, 2021 to
investments, cash generated from our operations, and funds raised under capital                                       $2.3 billion at December 31, 2022.
markets financings and our securitized receivables program, we would expect to
cover such a shortfall by drawing under committed credit facilities that are currently                                In 2023, we amended our securitization program to add sustainability-linked pricing.
in place or through new facilities to the extent available.                                                           The amendment introduces a financing cost that varies based on our performance of
                                                                                                                      certain sustainability performance targets.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     75
6 MD&A Financial and capital management

The securitization program is recorded as a floating rate revolving loan secured by                                   The lenders have no further claim on our other assets if customers do not pay the
certain receivables. We continue to service trade receivables and wireless device                                     amounts owed.
financing plan receivables under the securitization program, which matures in July
2025 unless previously terminated. The lenders’ interest in the collection of these                                   As of December 31, 2023, the balance of loans secured by receivables was
receivables ranks ahead of our interests, which means that we are exposed to                                          $1.2 billion in U.S. dollars ($1.6 billion in Canadian dollars) and the total receivable
certain risks of default on the amounts securitized.                                                                  balance collateralized under the program was $3.3 billion. The foreign currency risk
                                                                                                                      on these loans is managed using foreign currency forward contracts. See section
We have provided various credit enhancements in the form of overcollateralization                                     6.5, Financial risk management in this MD&A for additional details.
and subordination of our retained interests.

Credit facilities
The table below is a summary of our total bank credit facilities at December 31, 2023.

                                                                                                                             Total                                          Letters       Commercial paper                        Net
December 31, 2023                                                                                                        available                  Drawn                  of credit          outstanding                   available

Committed credit facilities
  Unsecured revolving and expansion credit facilities (1) (2)                                                               3,500                         –                        –                     197                   3,303
     Unsecured non-revolving credit facilities (3)                                                                            641                         –                       –                         –                    641
     Other                                                                                                                    106                         –                      81                         –                     25

Total committed credit facilities                                                                                           4,247                         –                      81                      197                   3,969
Non-committed credit facilities
     Bell Canada                                                                                                            2,159                         –                     862                         –                  1,297
     Bell Mobility                                                                                                            794                      476                         –                        –                    318

Total non-committed credit facilities                                                                                       2,953                      476                      862                         –                  1,615
Total committed and non-committed credit facilities                                                                         7,200                      476                      943                      197                   5,584

(1) Bell Canada’s $2.5 billion committed revolving credit facility expires in May 2028 and its $1 billion committed expansion credit facility expires in May 2026. In 2022, Bell Canada converted its committed credit facilities into a
    sustainability-linked loan. The amendment introduces a borrowing cost that varies based on our performance of certain sustainability performance targets.
(2) As of December 31, 2023, Bell Canada’s outstanding commercial paper included $149 million in U.S. dollars ($197 million in Canadian dollars). All of Bell Canada’s commercial paper outstanding is included in Debt due within
    one year.
(3) In 2022, Bell Canada entered into two 30-year senior unsecured non-revolving credit facilities in the aggregate principal amount of up to $647 million to partly fund the expansion of its broadband networks as part of government
    subsidy programs. In 2023, the maximum aggregate principal amount of such credit facilities was decreased to $641 million.


Bell Canada may issue notes under its Canadian and U.S. commercial paper                                              requests may be made until April 30, 2024, with each loan having a term of up to
programs up to the maximum aggregate principal amount of $3 billion in either                                         24 months. The loan agreement has been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations.
Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no time shall such maximum amount of
notes exceed $3.5 billion in Canadian currency, which equals the aggregate                                            Some of our credit agreements require us to meet specific financial ratios and to
amount available under Bell Canada’s committed supporting revolving and                                               offer to repay and cancel the credit agreement upon a change of control of BCE or
expansion credit facilities as at December 31, 2023. The total amount of the net                                      Bell Canada. In addition, some of our debt agreements require us to make an offer
available committed revolving and expansion credit facilities may be drawn at any                                     to repurchase certain series of debt securities upon the occurrence of a change of
time.                                                                                                                 control event as defined in the relevant debt agreements. We are in compliance with
                                                                                                                      all conditions and restrictions under such agreements.
In 2023, Bell Mobility entered into a $600 million U.S. dollar uncommitted trade
loan agreement to finance certain purchase obligations. Loan



Cash requirements
Capital expenditures                                                                                                  from valuations of our plan assets and liabilities, depend on a number of factors,
                                                                                                                      including actual returns on post-employment benefit plan assets, long-term interest
In 2024, our planned capital spending will be focused on our strategic imperatives,                                   rates, plan demographics, and applicable regulations and actuarial standards.
reflecting an appropriate level of investment in our networks and services with a                                     Actuarial valuations were last performed for our significant post-employment benefit
rollback of our fibre network expansion as a result of federal government policies                                    plans as at December 31, 2022.
and the CRTC’s decision in November 2023 to mandate wholesale access to Bell’s
FTTP network.                                                                                                         We expect to contribute approximately $45 million to our DB pension plans in 2024,
                                                                                                                      subject to actuarial valuations being completed. We expect to contribute
Post-employment benefit plans funding                                                                                 approximately $10 million to the DC pension plans and to pay approximately
                                                                                                                      $60 million to beneficiaries under OPEB plans in 2024.
Our post-employment benefit plans include DB pension and DC pension plans, as
well as other post-employment benefits (OPEBs) plans. The funding requirements
of our post-employment benefit plans, resulting

76         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
6 MD&A Financial and capital management

Dividend payments
In 2024, the cash dividends to be paid on BCE’s common shares are expected to be higher than in 2023 as BCE’s annual common share dividend increased by 3.1% to
$3.99 per common share from $3.87 per common share effective with the dividend payable on April 15, 2024. The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of the
BCE Board.

Contractual obligations
The following table is a summary of our contractual obligations at December 31, 2023 that are due in each of the next five years and thereafter.

At December 31, 2023                                                                2024             2025          2026           2027           2028       Thereafter         Total

Recognized financial liabilities
    Total debt, excluding lease liabilities                                       2,172            2,690          1,609          1,742          2,120         19,337         29,670
    Notes payable                                                                   207                –              –              –              –               –           207
    Lease liabilities (1)                                                         1,245            1,034            673            403            334           2,041         5,730
    Loan secured by receivables                                                   1,588                –              –              –              –               –         1,588
    Interest payable on long-term debt, notes payable and loan secured by
        receivables                                                               1,301            1,133          1,060          1,019            962         10,548         16,023
  Net (receipts) payments on cross currency interest rate swaps                       (6)             18             (5)           (11)            (9)            (70)          (83)
Commitments
    Commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets           2,043            1,513            599            316            246           1,041         5,758
    Purchase obligations                                                            619              513            537            314            219             820         3,022
    Planned acquisition of OUTFRONT Media Inc.                                      410                –              –              –              –               –           410
    Leases committed not yet commenced                                                    2            6              –              –              –               –             8
Total                                                                             9,581            6,907          4,473          3,783          3,872         33,717         62,333

(1) Includes imputed interest of $873 million.


We are also exposed to liquidity risk for financial liabilities due within one year as        digital media strategy and to deliver impactful, multi-channel marketing solutions
shown in the statements of financial position in BCE’s 2023 consolidated financial            coast-to-coast. The results of the Canadian OOH business of OUTFRONT Media
statements.                                                                                   Inc. will be included in our Bell Media segment.
Our commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets include
program and feature film rights and investments to expand and update our
                                                                                              Indemnifications and guarantees
networks to meet customer demand.                                                             As a regular part of our business, we enter into agreements that provide for
                                                                                              indemnifications and guarantees to counterparties in transactions involving business
Purchase obligations consist of contractual obligations under service and product             dispositions, sales of assets, sales of services, purchases and development of
contracts for operating expenditures and other purchase obligations.                          assets, securitization agreements and leases. While some of the agreements specify
Our commitments for leases not yet commenced include real estate, OOH                         a maximum potential exposure, many do not specify a maximum amount or
advertising spaces and fibre use. These leases are non-cancellable.                           termination date.

On October 23, 2023, Bell Media announced it plans to acquire the Canadian OOH                We cannot reasonably estimate the maximum potential amount we could be required
media business of OUTFRONT Media Inc. The transaction is valued at                            to pay counterparties because of the nature of almost all of these indemnifications
$410 million, subject to certain adjustments, and is expected to close in the first           and guarantees. As a result, we cannot determine how they could affect our future
half of 2024, subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions. The                liquidity, capital resources or credit risk profile. We have not made any significant
acquisition of the Canadian OOH media business of OUTFRONT Media Inc. is                      payments under indemnifications or guarantees in the past.
expected to support Bell Media’s




6.8             Litigation
In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal            merits of the claims and legal proceedings pending at March 7, 2024, management
proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. In particular, because of              believes that the ultimate resolution of these claims and legal proceedings is unlikely
the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are exposed to class actions                   to have a material and negative effect on our financial statements or operations. We
pursuant to which substantial monetary damages may be claimed. Due to the                     believe that we have strong defences and we intend to vigorously defend our
inherent risks and uncertainties of the litigation process, we cannot predict the final       positions.
outcome or timing of claims and legal proceedings. Subject to the foregoing, and
based on information currently available and management’s assessment of the                   For a description of important legal proceedings pending at March 7, 2024, please
                                                                                              see the section entitled Legal proceedings contained in the BCE 2023 AIF.


                                                                                                                                                                                  77
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information




7                 Selected annual and
                  quarterly information
7.1            Annual financial information
The following table shows selected consolidated financial data of BCE for 2023, 2022 and 2021 based on the annual consolidated financial statements, which are prepared
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). We discuss the factors that caused
our results to vary over the past two years throughout this MD&A.

                                                                                                                                2023              2022             2021

Consolidated income statements
Operating revenues
     Service                                                                                                                  21,154            20,956           20,350
     Product                                                                                                                   3,519             3,218            3,099
Total operating revenues                                                                                                      24,673            24,174           23,449
Operating costs                                                                                                              (14,256)          (13,975)          (13,556)
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                               10,417            10,199            9,893
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                          (200)              (94)            (209)
Depreciation                                                                                                                  (3,745)           (3,660)           (3,627)
Amortization                                                                                                                  (1,173)           (1,063)            (982)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                                                           (1,475)           (1,146)           (1,082)
     Net return (interest) on post-employment benefit obligations                                                               108                51                (20)
Impairment of assets                                                                                                            (143)             (279)            (197)
Other (expense) income                                                                                                          (466)             (115)             160
Income taxes                                                                                                                    (996)             (967)           (1,044)
Net earnings                                                                                                                   2,327             2,926            2,892
Net earnings attributable to:
     Common shareholders                                                                                                       2,076             2,716            2,709
     Preferred shareholders                                                                                                     187               152               131
     Non-controlling interest                                                                                                    64                58                52
Net earnings                                                                                                                   2,327             2,926            2,892
Net earnings per common share – basic and diluted                                                                               2.28              2.98              2.99

Ratios
Adjusted EBITDA margin (%)                                                                                                    42.2%             42.2%             42.2%

78         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information

                                                                                                                                      2023      2022     2021

Consolidated statements of financial position
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                       30,352    29,256    28,235
Total assets                                                                                                                        71,940    69,329    66,764
Debt due within one year (including notes payable and loans secured by receivables)                                                  5,042     4,137     2,625
Long-term debt                                                                                                                      31,135    27,783    27,048
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                                       39,276    35,345    34,710
Equity attributable to BCE shareholders                                                                                             20,229    22,178    22,635
Total equity                                                                                                                        20,557    22,515    22,941
Consolidated statements of cash flows
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                 7,946     8,365     8,008
Cash flows used in investing activities                                                                                             (5,781)   (5,517)   (7,018)
    Capital expenditures                                                                                                            (4,581)   (5,133)   (4,852)
    Short-term investments                                                                                                          (1,000)        –         –
    Business acquisitions                                                                                                             (222)     (429)      (12)
    Business dispositions                                                                                                              209       52          –
    Spectrum licences                                                                                                                 (183)      (3)    (2,082)
Cash flows used in financing activities                                                                                             (1,542)   (2,988)     (925)
    Issue of common shares                                                                                                             18       171       261
    (Decrease) increase in notes payable                                                                                              (646)      111      351
    Increase (decrease) in securitized receivables                                                                                       –       700      (150)
    Issue of long-term debt                                                                                                          5,195     1,951     4,985
    Repayment of long-term debt                                                                                                     (1,858)   (2,023)   (2,751)
    Repurchase of a financial liability                                                                                               (149)        –         –
    Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                                                            (3,486)   (3,312)   (3,132)
    Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                           (182)     (136)     (125)
    Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest                                                                    (47)      (39)      (86)
Free cash flow                                                                                                                       3,144     3,067     2,980
Share information
Weighted average number of common shares (millions)                                                                                  912.2     911.5     906.3
Common shares outstanding at end of year (millions)                                                                                  912.3     912.0     909.0
Market capitalization (1)                                                                                                           47,595    54,255    59,821
Dividends declared per common share (dollars)                                                                                         3.87      3.68      3.50
Dividends declared on common shares                                                                                                 (3,530)   (3,356)   (3,175)
Dividends declared on preferred shares                                                                                                (187)     (152)     (131)
Closing market price per common share (dollars)                                                                                     52.17     59.49      65.81
Total shareholder return                                                                                                            (6.2%)    (4.2%)    27.9%
Ratios
Capital intensity (%)                                                                                                               18.6%     21.2%     20.7%
Price to earnings ratio (times) (2)                                                                                                  22.88     19.96     22.01
Other data
Number of employees (thousands)                                                                                                        45        45        50

(1) BCE’s common share price at the end of the year multiplied by the number of common shares outstanding at the end of the year.
(2) Price to earnings ratio is defined as BCE’s common share price at the end of the year divided by EPS.

                                                                                                                                                                 79
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information



7.2            Quarterly financial information
The following table shows selected BCE consolidated financial data by quarter for 2023 and 2022. This quarterly information is unaudited but has been prepared on the
same basis as the annual consolidated financial statements. We discuss the factors that caused our results to vary over the past eight quarters throughout this MD&A.
                                                                                               2023                                              2022
                                                                                  Q4         Q3          Q2                Q1         Q4       Q3                Q2          Q1

Operating revenues
     Service                                                                   5,348      5,281       5,303              5,222     5,353    5,193              5,233      5,177
     Product                                                                   1,125        799         763               832      1,086      831               628         673
Total operating revenues                                                       6,473      6,080       6,066              6,054     6,439    6,024              5,861      5,850
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                2,567      2,667       2,645              2,538     2,437    2,588              2,590      2,584
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                           (41)        (10)      (100)               (49)      (19)      (22)             (40)        (13)
Depreciation                                                                    (954)      (937)       (936)              (918)     (922)    (914)             (933)       (891)
Amortization                                                                    (299)      (295)       (296)              (283)     (270)    (267)             (266)       (260)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                             (399)      (373)       (359)              (344)     (319)    (298)             (269)       (260)
     Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                  27         27          27                27         13       13                  7         18
Impairment of assets                                                            (109)          –           –               (34)     (150)      (21)            (106)         (2)
Other (expense) income                                                          (147)      (129)       (311)              121         19     (130)              (97)         93
Income taxes                                                                    (210)      (243)       (273)             (270)      (222)    (178)             (232)       (335)
Net earnings                                                                     435        707         397               788        567      771               654         934
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders                                 382        640         329               725        528      715               596         877
Net earnings per common share – basic and diluted                               0.42       0.70        0.37               0.79      0.58     0.78               0.66       0.96
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding – basic (millions)        912.3      912.3       912.2              912.1     912.0    911.9              911.9      910.1
Other information
Cash flows from operating activities                                           2,373      1,961       2,365              1,247     2,056    1,996              2,597      1,716
Free cash flow                                                                 1,289        754       1,016                85        376      642              1,333        716
Capital expenditures                                                          (1,029)     (1,159)     (1,307)           (1,086)   (1,638)   (1,317)           (1,219)      (959)




Fourth quarter highlights
Operating revenues                                                                                         Q4 2023                Q4 2022       $ change                % change

Bell CTS                                                                                                        5,744              5,649                95                 1.7%
Bell Media                                                                                                       822                 889                (67)              (7.5%)
Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                        (93)               (99)                6                 6.1%
Total BCE operating revenues                                                                                    6,473              6,439                34                 0.5%


Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                            Q4 2023                Q4 2022       $ change                % change

Bell CTS                                                                                                        2,419              2,308                111                4.8%
Bell Media                                                                                                        148                129                 19               14.7%
Total BCE adjusted EBITDA                                                                                       2,567              2,437              130                  5.3%

80         BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information

Total operating revenues at BCE increased by 0.5% in Q4 2023, compared to             Bell Media operating revenues decreased by 7.5% in Q4 2023, compared to the
Q4 2022, driven by higher product revenues of 3.6%, moderated by a modest             same period last year, driven by lower advertising revenues, partly offset by higher
decline in service revenues of 0.1%, as the decline in Bell Media revenues was        subscriber revenues. The continued growth in digital revenues of 27% moderated
mostly offset by the growth in Bell CTS service revenues. Bell CTS operating          the overall decline in operating revenues. Advertising revenues decreased by 13.7%
revenues increased by 1.7% year over year, attributable to both higher service        in Q4 2023, compared to Q4 2022, due to lower demand from advertisers as a result
revenues of 1.2% and greater product revenues of 3.6%. The year-over-year             of ongoing unfavourable economic conditions, which negatively impacted revenues
growth in service revenues reflected greater wireless and wireline data revenues,     across our TV and radio platforms. TV advertising revenues were also unfavourably
moderated by ongoing declines in voice revenues. Bell Media operating revenues        impacted by the WGA and SAG-AFTRA strikes and the benefit last year from the
declined by 7.5% year over year, driven by ongoing pressures in advertising           broadcast of the FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022. The decline in advertising revenues
revenues.                                                                             was partly offset by continued growth in digital advertising revenues, mainly driven
                                                                                      by increased bookings from Bell Media’s SAM TV media sales tool. Subscriber
BCE net earnings decreased by 23.3% in Q4 2023, compared to Q4 2022, mainly           revenues increased by 1.0% in Q4 2023, compared to the same period last year,
due to higher other expense, higher interest expense, higher depreciation and         due to a one-time retroactive adjustment related to a contract with a Canadian TV
amortization and higher severance, acquisition and other costs, partly offset by      distributor.
higher adjusted EBITDA and lower impairment of assets.
                                                                                      Bell Media adjusted EBITDA increased by 14.7% in Q4 2023, compared to the
BCE’s adjusted EBITDA increased by 5.3% in Q4 2023, compared to the same              same period last year, as lower operating costs more than offset the decline in
period last year, due to growth from both our Bell CTS and Bell Media segments of     operating revenues. The decrease in operating costs was mainly attributable to
4.8% and 14.7%, respectively. The year-over-year increase in adjusted EBITDA          lower content and programming costs due to higher costs in Q4 2022 related to the
reflected the flow-through of revenues, along with lower operating costs of 2.4%,     broadcast of the FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022, and content delays in Q4 2023 due to
mainly driven by Bell Media programming and content savings and the impact of         the WGA and SAG-AFTRA strikes, partly offset by ongoing contractual increases in
various cost reduction initiatives and operating efficiencies across the company.     content costs. Additionally, the year-over-year decline in operating costs reflected
This resulted in a year-over-year increase in adjusted EBITDA margin of 1.9 pts, to   lower labour costs due to restructuring initiatives undertaken as a result of the
39.7% in Q4 2023.                                                                     unfavourable economic and broadcasting regulatory environments and the cessation
Bell CTS operating revenues grew by 1.7% in Q4 2023, compared to the same             of the CRTC Part II broadcasting licence fee.
period last year, driven by higher service revenues of 1.2% from ongoing growth in    BCE capital expenditures of $1,029 million in Q4 2023, declined by $609 million or
our mobile phone, connected device, Internet and IPTV subscriber bases coupled        37.2%, compared to the same period last year. This corresponded to a capital
with the flow-through of consumer rate increases, the contribution from               intensity ratio of 15.9%, down 9.5 pts over Q4 2022. The decrease in capital
acquisitions, mainly Distributel and FX Innovation, greater wireless roaming          expenditures was driven by lower capital spending in Bell CTS of $584 million, due
revenues and higher sales of business solutions services to large enterprise          to lower planned spending in 2023 subsequent to accelerated network investments
customers. This was moderated by increased acquisition, retention and bundle          in 2022, along with an unplanned additional $105 million decrease in Q4 2023 as a
discounts on residential services, ongoing erosion in legacy voice, data and          result of the CRTC’s decision in November 2023 to mandate wholesale access to
satellite TV services and lower wireless data overages driven by greater customer     Bell’s FTTP network. Bell Media capital expenditures in Q4 2023 also declined year-
adoption of monthly plans with higher data thresholds. Additionally, product          over-year by $25 million, due to greater spending in Q4 2022 on studio expansions
revenues increased by 3.6% year over year, mainly driven by higher wireless           and timing of investments to support digital growth.
product revenues due to greater sales mix of premium mobile phones and lower
year-over-year device discounting during the Black Friday and December holiday        BCE severance, acquisition and other costs of $41 million in Q4 2023 increased
periods, moderated by lower contracted sales volumes and reduced consumer             by $22 million, compared to Q4 2022, mainly due to higher acquisition and other
electronic sales at The Source.                                                       costs, partly offset by lower severance costs related to involuntary and voluntary
                                                                                      employee terminations.
Bell CTS adjusted EBITDA increased by 4.8% in Q4 2023, compared to Q4 2022,
from greater year-over-year operating revenues, along with lower operating costs.     BCE depreciation of $954 million in Q4 2023 increased by $32 million, year over
The decline in operating costs of 0.5% reflected various cost reduction initiatives   year, mainly due to a higher asset base as we continued to invest in our broadband
and operating efficiencies, including workforce reductions. Adjusted EBITDA           and wireless networks.
margin of 42.1% in Q4 2023, increased by 1.2 points over Q4 2022, mainly due to
the impact of better promotional offer discipline during the Black Friday and         BCE amortization of $299 million in Q4 2023 increased by $29 million, year over
December holiday sales periods this year compared to 2022, as well as higher          year, mainly due to a higher asset base.
year-over-year revenue flow-through and greater operating cost savings.               BCE interest expense of $399 million in Q4 2023 increased by $80 million,
                                                                                      compared to Q4 2022, mainly due to higher average debt balances and higher
                                                                                      average interest rates.
                                                                                      BCE impairment of assets of $109 million in Q4 2023 decreased by $41 million,
                                                                                      compared to Q4 2022, mainly due to lower impairment charges for French TV
                                                                                      channels within our Bell Media segment.


                                                                                                                                                                       81
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information

BCE other expense of $147 million in Q4 2023 increased by $166 million, year               and other costs, partly offset by higher adjusted EBITDA and lower impairment of
over year, mainly due to losses on our equity investments in associates and joint          assets. Adjusted net earnings increased to $691 million in Q4 2023, compared to
ventures which included a loss on BCE’s share of an obligation to repurchase at            $654 million in Q4 2022, and adjusted EPS increased to $0.76 from $0.71 in Q4
fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint ventures, partly offset by higher   2022.
interest income.
                                                                                           BCE cash flows from operating activities was $2,373 million in Q4 2023
BCE income taxes of $210 million in Q4 2023 decreased by $12 million,                      compared to $2,056 million in Q4 2022. The increase was mainly attributed to lower
compared to Q4 2022, mainly due to a higher value of uncertain tax positions               income taxes paid, higher cash from working capital and higher adjusted EBITDA,
favourably resolved in 2023 compared to 2022, partly offset by higher taxable              partly offset by higher interest paid.
income.
                                                                                           BCE free cash flow generated in Q4 2023 was $1,289 million, compared to
BCE net earnings attributable to common shareholders of $382 million in Q4                 $376 million in Q4 2022. The increase was mainly attributable to lower capital
2023, or $0.42 per share, were lower than the $528 million, or $0.58 per share,            expenditures and higher cash flows from operating activities, excluding acquisition
reported in Q4 2022. The year-over-year decrease was mainly due to higher other            and other costs paid.
expense, higher interest expense, higher depreciation and amortization and higher
severance, acquisition



Seasonality considerations
Some of our revenues and expenses vary slightly by season, which may impact                Wireline service and product revenues tend to be higher in the fourth quarter
quarter-to-quarter financial results.                                                      because of historically higher data and equipment product sales to business
                                                                                           customers. However, this may vary from year to year depending on the strength of
Wireless service and product revenues are influenced by the timing of new mobile           the economy and the presence of targeted sales initiatives, which can influence
device launches and seasonal promotional periods, such as back-to-school, Black            customer spending. Home Phone, TV and Internet subscriber activity is subject to
Friday and the Christmas holiday period, as well as the level of overall competitive       modest seasonal fluctuations, attributable largely to residential moves during the
intensity. Because of these seasonal effects, subscriber additions and retention           summer months and the back-to-school period in the third quarter. Targeted
costs due to device upgrades related to contract renewals are typically higher in          marketing efforts conducted during various times of the year to coincide with special
the third and fourth quarters. For ARPU, historically we have experienced seasonal         events or broad-based marketing campaigns also may have an impact on overall
sequential increases in the second and third quarters, due to higher levels of             wireline service and product revenues.
usage and roaming in the spring and summer months, followed by historical
seasonal sequential declines in the fourth and first quarters. However, this               Bell Media revenue and related expenses from TV and radio broadcasting are
seasonal effect on ARPU has moderated, as unlimited voice and data options have            largely derived from the sale of advertising, the demand for which is affected by
become more prevalent, resulting in less variability in chargeable data usage.             prevailing economic conditions as well as cyclical and seasonal variations. Seasonal
                                                                                           variations in TV are driven by the strength of TV ratings, particularly during the fall
                                                                                           programming season, major sports league seasons and other special sporting
                                                                                           events such as the Olympic Games, National Hockey League (NHL) and NBA
                                                                                           playoffs and FIFA World Cup soccer, as well as fluctuations in consumer retail
                                                                                           activity during the year.

82       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
8 MD&A Regulatory environment




8             Regulatory environment
8.1         Introduction
This section describes certain legislation that governs our business and provides          competitors to our wireline and wireless networks and the rates we can charge them.
highlights of recent regulatory initiatives and proceedings, government                    Notably, it currently mandates wholesale high-speed access for wireline broadband
consultations and government positions that affect us, influence our business and          as well as domestic wireless roaming services and a wholesale facilities-based
may continue to affect our ability to compete in the marketplace. Bell Canada and          MVNO access service. Lower mandated wholesale rates or the imposition of
several of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Bell Mobility, Bell ExpressVu   unfavourable terms for mandated services would undermine our incentives to invest
Limited Partnership (ExpressVu), Bell Media, NorthernTel, Limited Partnership              in network improvements and extensions, limit our flexibility, influence the market
(NorthernTel), Télébec, Limited Partnership (Télébec), Group Maskatel Québec LP            structure, improve the business position of our competitors, limit network-based
(Maskatel) and Northwestel, are governed by the Telecommunications Act, the                differentiation of our services and negatively impact the financial performance of our
Broadcasting Act, the Radiocommunication Act and/or the Bell Canada Act. Our               businesses. Our TV distribution and our TV and radio broadcasting businesses are
business is affected by regulations, policies and decisions made by various                subject to the Broadcasting Act and are, for the most part, not subject to retail price
regulatory agencies, including the CRTC, a quasi-judicial agency of the                    regulation.
Government of Canada responsible for regulating Canada’s telecommunications
and broadcasting industries, and other federal government departments, in                  Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated, government agencies
particular ISED and the Competition Bureau.                                                and departments such as the CRTC, ISED, Canadian Heritage and the Competition
                                                                                           Bureau continue to play a significant role in regulatory matters such as establishing
In particular, the CRTC regulates the prices we can charge for retail                      and modifying regulations for mandatory access to networks, spectrum auctions, the
telecommunications services when it determines there is not enough competition             imposition of consumer-related codes of conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast
to protect the interests of consumers. The CRTC has determined that competition            and spectrum licensing, foreign ownership requirements, privacy and cybersecurity
is sufficient to grant forbearance from retail price regulation under the                  obligations, and control of copyright piracy. Adverse decisions by governments or
Telecommunications Act for the vast majority of our retail wireline and wireless           regulatory agencies, increasing regulation or a lack of effective anti-piracy remedies
telecommunications services. The CRTC can also mandate the provision of access             could have negative financial, operational, reputational or competitive consequences
by                                                                                         for our business.




8.2         Telecommunications Act
The Telecommunications Act governs telecommunications in Canada. It defines                as MVNOs in ISED Tier 4 spectrum licence areas where they own spectrum. While
the broad objectives of Canada’s telecommunications policy and provides the                the terms and conditions for MVNO access would be established in tariffs to be
Government of Canada with the power to give general direction to the CRTC on               approved by the CRTC, the rate for MVNO access would not be subject to the CRTC
any of its policy objectives. It applies to several of the BCE group of companies          tariff regime but instead be commercially negotiated between the parties with final
and partnerships, including Bell Canada, Bell Mobility, NorthernTel, Télébec,              offer arbitration (FOA) by the CRTC as a recourse if negotiations fail. The CRTC
Maskatel and Northwestel.                                                                  indicated that the mandated access service is intended to be a temporary measure
                                                                                           and will, in the absence of certain implementation delays, be phased out seven
Under the Telecommunications Act, all facilities-based telecommunications service          years from the date tariffed terms and conditions are finalized. In the decision, the
providers in Canada, known as telecommunications common carriers (TCCs),                   CRTC has also required Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications Canada Inc. and
must seek regulatory approval for all telecommunications services, unless the              Telus Communications Inc. to provide seamless handoffs as part of the CRTC’s
services are exempt or forborne from regulation. Most retail services offered by the       existing mandated domestic roaming service and has confirmed that its mandatory
BCE group of companies are forborne from retail regulation. The CRTC may                   roaming obligations apply to 5G. On July 14, 2021, Bell Mobility, Rogers
exempt an entire class of carriers from regulation under the Telecommunications            Communications Canada Inc., Telus Communications Inc. and SaskTel filed
Act if the exemption meets the objectives of Canada’s telecommunications policy.           proposed tariff terms and conditions for the mandated MVNO access service and
In addition, a few large TCCs, including those in the BCE group, must also meet            Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications Canada Inc. and Telus Communications Inc.
certain Canadian ownership requirements. BCE monitors and periodically reports             filed proposed amendments to their mandated roaming tariffs to reflect the CRTC’s
on the level of non-Canadian ownership of its common shares.                               determinations. On April 6, 2022, the CRTC issued a decision on the mandated
                                                                                           roaming tariffs in which it directed Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications Canada
Review of mobile wireless services                                                         Inc. and Telus Communications Inc. to make specified changes to their tariffs by
On April 15, 2021, the CRTC released a decision requiring Bell Mobility, Rogers            April 21, 2022, for CRTC approval.
Communications Canada Inc., Telus Communications Inc. and Saskatchewan
Telecommunications (SaskTel) to provide MVNO access to their networks to
regional wireless carriers to allow them to operate


                                                                                                                                                                               83
8 MD&A Regulatory environment

On October 19, 2022, the CRTC issued a decision in which it made certain                  The August 2019 decision was stayed, first by the Federal Court of Appeal and then
determinations regarding the terms and conditions of the proposed MVNO tariffs            by the CRTC, with the result that it never came into effect. In response to review and
previously filed by Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications Canada Inc., Telus               vary applications filed by each of Bell Canada, five major cable carriers (Cogeco
Communications Inc. and SaskTel, and directed them to file revised tariffs                Communications Inc., Eastlink, Rogers Communications Canada Inc., Shaw and
reflecting these determinations within 30 days. In the decision, the CRTC directed        Vidéotron) and Telus Communications Inc., the CRTC issued Decision 2021-182 on
Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications Canada Inc., Telus Communications Inc.               May 27, 2021, which mostly reinstated the rates prevailing prior to August 2019 with
and SaskTel to offer MVNO access service to regional carriers with a home radio           some reductions to the Bell Canada rates with retroactive effect to March 2016. As a
access network (RAN) and core network actively offering mobile wireless services          result, in the second quarter of 2021, we recorded a reduction in revenue of
commercially to retail customers in Canada, and confirmed that similar terms and          $44 million in our consolidated income statements.
conditions related to seamless handoffs and 5G in the domestic roaming tariffs
should apply to the mandated MVNO tariffs. The CRTC required Bell Mobility,               While there remains a requirement to refund monies to third-party Internet resellers,
Rogers Communications Canada Inc., Telus Communications Inc. and SaskTel to               the establishment of final wholesale rates that are similar to those prevailing
begin accepting requests for MVNO access from regional wireless carriers from             since 2019 reduces the impact of the CRTC’s long-running review of wholesale
the date of the decision. Bell Mobility is required to provide access to the              Internet rates. The largest reseller, TekSavvy Solutions Inc. (TekSavvy), obtained
mandated MVNO service in all provinces (excluding Saskatchewan) and in the                leave to appeal the CRTC’s decision of May 27, 2021 before the Federal Court of
three territories. It is unclear at this time what impact, if any, the measures set out   Appeal. Oral hearings are now complete and we are awaiting a decision of the court.
in this decision could have on our business and financial results, and our ability to     The decision was also challenged in three petitions brought by TekSavvy, Canadian
make investments at the same levels as we have in the past. In Q3 2023, we                Network Operators Consortium Inc. and National Capital Freenet before Cabinet but,
began providing MVNO access service on Bell Mobility’s network in certain regions         on May 26, 2022, Cabinet announced it would not alter the decision.
and expect that use of the service on our network by our wholesale customers will
continue to expand in the future.                                                         Review of the wholesale high-speed access
On July 13, 2023, the CRTC accepted a request from Québecor Media Inc. to
                                                                                          service framework
initiate FOA in respect of rates for MVNO access service from Bell Mobility.              On March 8, 2023, the CRTC launched a consultation, TNC 2023-56, to review the
Following the parties’ submissions in August 2023, the CRTC issued a decision on          wholesale high-speed access framework. The CRTC expressed the preliminary
October 10, 2023, selecting the rate proposed by Bell Mobility. On December 15,           views that (i) the provision of aggregated wholesale high-speed access services
2023, Québecor Media Inc. subsequently filed a Part 1 application seeking the             should be mandated, including over FTTP facilities, and (ii) aggregated access to
CRTC’s intervention in determining the start date for the MVNO access service             FTTP facilities should be mandated on a temporary and expedited basis, until the
from Bell Mobility. Bell Mobility filed its responding submission on January 19,          CRTC reaches a decision as to whether such access is to be provided indefinitely.
2024.
                                                                                          The review is also notably seeking comments on (i) the future of disaggregated high-
The CRTC previously accepted a joint request for FOA from Rogers                          speed access services, (ii) the state of competition in the retail Internet service
Communications Canada Inc. and Québecor Media Inc. On July 24, 2023, the                  market, (iii) whether other changes are required to support wholesale-based
CRTC issued its decision in that arbitration, selecting the rate proposed by              competition across all regions of the country, (iv) whether wholesale regulation
Québecor Media Inc. In the decision, the CRTC made a number of findings or                should continue to be relied upon to address concerns regarding market
determinations that indicate a continued trend toward downplaying the importance          concentration and the potential exercise of market power, and (v) whether the CRTC
of incentives for investment in telecommunications networks in Canada. While the          should consider any type of retail regulation.
CRTC’s determination in Bell Mobility’s FOA with Québecor Media Inc appears to
have moderated this approach by highlighting the importance of providing a return         On November 6, 2023, in Telecom Decision CRTC 2023-358 (the Decision), the
on investment to facilities-based carriers, adverse regulatory decisions such as the      CRTC determined that aggregated access to Bell Canada’s FTTP facilities in Ontario
Rogers Communications Canada Inc. and Québecor Media Inc FOA decision are                 and Québec should be mandated on a temporary and expedited basis, and the
expected to impact the specific nature, magnitude, location and timing of our future      CRTC set interim access rates. The CRTC may maintain, reverse or otherwise
wireless and wireline investment decisions. On August 23, 2023, Rogers                    modify this new obligation when it concludes its ongoing wholesale high-speed
Communications Canada Inc. sought leave to appeal the CRTC’s arbitration                  access review.
decision with the Federal Court of Appeal.                                                The imposition of an interim aggregated access to FTTP facilities obligation has
                                                                                          undermined Bell Canada’s incentives to invest in next-generation wireline networks
Review of wholesale FTTN high-speed access                                                and is expected to adversely impact our financial results. Bell Canada announced its
service rates                                                                             intention to reduce capital expenditures by over $1 billion over 2024 and 2025
                                                                                          combined, including a minimum of $500 million in 2024, and roll back fibre network
As part of its ongoing review of wholesale Internet rates, on October 6, 2016, the        expansion to a near-term target of 8.3 million locations by the end of 2025 as a
CRTC significantly reduced, on an interim basis, some of the wholesale rates that         result of federal government policies and the Decision. Bell Canada is also capping
Bell Canada and other major providers charge for access by third-party Internet           fibre speeds at 3 Gbps. In Q4 2023, Bell Canada reduced its capital investment by
resellers to FTTN or cable networks, as applicable. On August 15, 2019, the CRTC          $105 million more than originally planned as a result of the Decision.
further reduced the wholesale rates that Internet resellers pay to access network
infrastructure built by facilities-based providers like Bell Canada, with retroactive
effect to March 2016.

84       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
8 MD&A Regulatory environment

On November 15, 2023, Bell Canada sought leave to appeal the Decision to the                the circumstances under which pole owners may obtain priority access to poles or
Federal Court of Appeal, along with a stay of the Decision pending resolution of its        reserve capacity for their future use on poles; and imposes new notification and
appeal. On February 9, 2024, the Federal Court of Appeal granted Bell Canada                reporting obligations on pole owners. On April 3, 2023, large ILECs, including Bell
leave to appeal but declined to grant the requested stay. On February 2, 2024, Bell         Canada, updated their applicable tariffs to incorporate the new determinations and
Canada filed an appeal to the Governor-in-Council.                                          are awaiting the CRTC’s approval.
Additionally, on February 1, 2024, CIK Telecom filed an application with the CRTC           On October 16, 2023, Bell Canada filed Tariff Notice 981 to revise the tariff pages for
asking that the CRTC clarify or vary the intended scope of the Decision to:                 its National Services Tariff (NST) CRTC 7400 Item 901 – Support Structure Service
(1) prevent Bell Canada, Rogers Communications Inc., Québecor Media Inc. and                to reflect an updated monthly pole rental rate per unit applicable in its Ontario and
Telus Communications Inc. from accessing aggregated FTTP facilities pursuant to             Québec serving area, and is awaiting the CRTC’s decision on this application.
the Decision, and (2) lower the interim rates set in the Decision. In a letter dated
March 5, 2024, the CRTC stated that the changes CIK Telecom sought will be                  Bill C-26, An Act Respecting Cyber Security
considered in the final decision and thus closed the application.
                                                                                            On June 14, 2022, the Government of Canada introduced Bill C-26, An Act
                                                                                            Respecting Cyber Security (ARCS). ARCS would enact the Critical Cyber Systems
Review of the CRTC’s regulatory framework                                                   Protection Act, which would establish a regulatory framework requiring designated
for Northwestel                                                                             operators in the finance, telecommunications, energy and transportation sectors to
On June 8, 2022, the CRTC launched the second phase of a proceeding to review               protect their critical cyber systems. Also included in Bill C-26 are proposed changes
the regulatory framework for Northwestel and the state of telecommunications                to the Telecommunications Act that would establish new authorities that would
services in Canada’s North. This proceeding may result in modifications to the              enable the Government to take action to promote the security of the Canadian
current regulatory framework for Northwestel, including with respect to issues such         telecommunications system, which could include measures with respect to certain
as rates, wholesale access and subsidies. Modifications to the current regulatory           suppliers, such as Huawei and ZTE. If enacted, Bill C-26 would give the Minister
framework may result in additional subsidies and rate flexibility for Northwestel,          responsible for ISED additional order-making powers and establish an enforcement
which would encourage investment, or they may result in rate reductions/                    regime under which the Minister responsible for ISED could impose administrative
restrictions or additional wholesale obligations, which would undermine incentives          monetary penalties, among other actions. It is unclear at this time what impact the
for investment in the North. At this time, it is unclear what impact, if any, the results   legislative changes could have on our business and financial results.
of the proceeding could have on our business and financial results.
                                                                                            Canada’s telecommunications foreign
CRTC review of access to poles                                                              ownership rules
On February 15, 2023, the CRTC issued a decision which included a number of                 Under the Telecommunications Act, there are no foreign investment restrictions
determinations to facilitate access by third parties to poles owned by Canadian             applicable to TCCs that have less than a 10% share of the total Canadian
carriers or poles to which Canadian carriers control access. Among other                    telecommunications market as measured by annual revenues. However, foreign
directions, the CRTC’s decision: establishes new timelines for each step in the             investment in telecommunications companies can still be refused by the government
pole access permitting process; reduces the obligations of access seekers to pay            under the Investment Canada Act. The absence of foreign ownership restrictions on
costs for any pole repairs, upgrades or replacements required to accommodate the            such small or new entrant TCCs could result in more foreign companies entering the
addition of the access seeker’s equipment; provides access seekers with greater             Canadian market, including by acquiring spectrum licences or Canadian TCCs.
flexibility to carry out pole repairs and upgrades themselves; maintains




8.3         Broadcasting Act
The Broadcasting Act outlines the broad objectives of Canada’s broadcasting                 also meet certain Canadian ownership and control requirements to obtain a
policy and assigns the regulation and supervision of the broadcasting system to             programming or distribution licence, and corporations must have the CRTC’s
the CRTC. Key policy objectives of the Broadcasting Act are to protect and                  approval before they can transfer effective control of a broadcasting licensee.
strengthen the cultural, political, social and economic fabric of Canada and to
encourage the development of Canadian expression.                                           Our TV distribution operations and our TV and radio broadcasting operations are
                                                                                            subject to the requirements of the Broadcasting Act, the policies and decisions of the
Most broadcasting activities require a programming or distribution licence from the         CRTC and their respective broadcasting licences. Any changes in the Broadcasting
CRTC. The CRTC may exempt broadcasting undertakings from complying with                     Act, amendments to regulations or the adoption of new ones, or amendments to
certain licensing and regulatory requirements if it is satisfied that non-compliance        licences, could negatively affect our competitive position or the cost of providing
will not materially affect the implementation of Canadian broadcasting policy. A            services.
corporation must


                                                                                                                                                                                85
8 MD&A Regulatory environment


Bill C-11, An Act to amend the Broadcasting Act                                           and Indigenous content. It will also determine who the recipients of the initial base
                                                                                          contributions will be. The CRTC held a three-week hearing beginning on
On April 27, 2023, Bill C-11, An Act to amend the Broadcasting Act and to make            November 20, 2023 to focus on these issues. While the CRTC has not yet initiated
related and consequential amendments to other Acts, received royal assent. Key            its public consultations for Steps 2 and 3, these subsequent proceedings will focus
among the amendments in Bill C-11 is the immediate elimination of CRTC Part II            on the overall framework for both traditional and online undertakings, with a focus on
Licence Fees whereby the broadcasting industry paid an annual tax of                      how to support the creation of Canadian and Indigenous content beyond financial
approximately $125 million per year. In addition, foreign online broadcasting             contribution requirements, as well as diversity, inclusion and discoverability issues.
undertakings doing business in Canada will be required to contribute to the               In Step 3, the CRTC intends to finalize each undertaking’s or ownership group’s
Canadian broadcasting system in a manner that the CRTC deems appropriate.                 contribution requirements, presumably as part of our group licence renewal. The
The specifics of such contributions will be determined through the CRTC’s public          timing and outcome of all of these proceedings, including the CRTC’s Step
consultation processes and enforced by way of conditions imposed by the CRTC.             1 decision, is unknown. Therefore, the impact that these regulatory changes could
The timing and the outcome of the CRTC’s consultation processes, the first stage          have on our business and financial results is unclear at this time.
of which was launched on May 12, 2023 (as discussed under Broadcast Notice of
Consultation 2023-138 below) are unknown; therefore the impact that these
regulatory changes could have on our business and financial results is unclear at
                                                                                          Broadcast Policy Direction
this time.                                                                                On November 14, 2023, the Government of Canada released its Policy Direction,
                                                                                          which directs the CRTC on how to implement the amendments to the Broadcasting
Broadcast Notice of Consultation CRTC 2023-138                                            Act (Bill C-11). The Direction requires the CRTC to focus on ensuring strong support
                                                                                          for Canadian and Indigenous programming, as well as to consider the importance of
On May 12, 2023, the CRTC issued Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC                 sustainable support for local and regional news by the Canadian broadcasting
2023-138, The Path Forward – Working towards a modernized regulatory                      system. In addition, the Direction requires the CRTC to minimize the regulatory
framework regarding the contributions to support Canadian and Indigenous                  burden on the Canadian broadcasting system, and to consider how to foster
content. This Notice represents the first of three steps to develop an updated            collaboration between Canadian and foreign undertakings. At this time, it is unclear
regulatory framework for broadcasting undertakings, including online undertakings.        what impact, if any, the Direction could have on our business and financial results.
A key part of this new framework is to establish the conditions under which online
services would be required to make financial contributions, including initial base
contributions, to support the creation and discoverability of Canadian




8.4         Radiocommunication Act
ISED regulates the use of radio spectrum under the Radiocommunication Act and             Consultation on 26, 28 and 38 GHz (Millimeter
Radiocommunication Regulations to ensure that radiocommunication in Canada is
developed and operated efficiently. All companies wishing to operate radio                Wave) spectrum licensing framework
apparatus in Canada must hold a radio licence or spectrum licence to do so. The           On June 6, 2022, ISED initiated a consultation seeking input regarding a policy and
Radiocommunication Regulations specify those persons (including corporations              licensing framework to govern the auction and use of spectrum licences in the 26,
such as Bell Canada and Bell Mobility) who are eligible to be issued radio licences       28 and 38 Gigahertz (GHz) (Millimeter Wave) spectrum bands. The consultation
or spectrum licences.                                                                     paper seeks comments on the use of a spectrum set-aside for certain auction
                                                                                          bidders, or a spectrum cap across the 26, 28 and 38 GHz spectrum bands. ISED
3800 MHz spectrum auction                                                                 proposes that the auctioned licences will have a 10-year term and that there will be
                                                                                          limits on the extent of transferability of licences for the first five years of the licence
The auction for licensing 3800 MHz spectrum began on October 24, 2023 and the             term. In addition, ISED proposes that licensees will be required to deploy a certain
provisional spectrum licence winners were announced by ISED on November 30,               number of sites in each licence area at five and nine and a half years following
2023. Bell Mobility secured the right to acquire 939 licences of 3800 MHz spectrum        licence issuance. ISED has not yet indicated a specific date when the auction will
across Canada covering 1.77 billion MHz-Pop for $518 million. As part of this             take place. The consultation paper also seeks comments on the transition process
auction, ISED implemented a cross-band spectrum cap (with the 3500 MHz band)              for existing 38 GHz licensees from fixed to flexible use (i.e., mobile or fixed use), as
of 100 MHz. The auctioned licences will have a 20-year term and licences will not         well as the limitations on the use of 38 GHz spectrum by satellite earth stations. It is
be transferable for the first five years of the licence term if the transfer results in   unclear what impact the results of this consultation and future related processes
exceeding the cross-band spectrum cap. In addition, licensees will be required to         could have on our business and financial results.
provide network coverage to a certain percentage of the population at 5, 7, 10 and
20 years following licence issuance depending on the licence area. Licensees with
existing LTE networks will be subject to additional deployment requirements based
on their existing LTE coverage. Bell Mobility’s initial auction payment representing
20% of the total payment was made on January 17, 2024. The remaining 80%
representing the final auction payment is due on May 29, 2024, at which time ISED
will issue the 3800 MHz spectrum licences.


86       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
8 MD&A Regulatory environment



8.5         Bell Canada Act
Among other things, the Bell Canada Act limits how Bell Canada voting shares and       80% of all of the issued and outstanding voting shares of Bell Canada. Except in the
Bell Canada facilities may be sold or transferred. Specifically, under the Bell        ordinary course of business, the sale or other disposal of facilities integral to Bell
Canada Act, the CRTC must approve any sale or other disposal of Bell Canada            Canada’s telecommunications activities must also receive CRTC approval.
voting shares that are held by BCE, unless the sale or disposal would result in
BCE retaining at least




8.6         Other
Bill C-18, the Online News Act                                                         revenue and reach at least 20 million Canadians on a monthly basis. In addition, the
                                                                                       total amount of compensation to be provided by the largest platform (i.e., Google) is
On June 22, 2023, Bill C-18, An Act respecting online communications platforms         limited to $100 million annually, and compensation provided by other platforms will
that make news content available to persons in Canada (the Online News Act)            be determined by the CRTC based on the platform’s Canadian advertising revenues.
received royal assent. The Online News Act requires digital news intermediaries,       Of these amounts, private broadcasters cannot receive more than 30% of the overall
such as Google and Meta, that share news content produced by other news                compensation available. The amount of compensation that Bell Media may receive
outlets to negotiate commercial arrangements with those outlets, compensating          from Google is unclear, as is the timing of such compensation. It is also unknown
them for the news content shared on digital platforms. The legislation entitles Bell   whether Meta will stop blocking news links and subject themselves to the jurisdiction
Media’s general news services, such as CTV and Noovo, to compensation. Further         of the Online News Act. While Meta’s actions are having some negative impact on
details regarding the compensation framework have been set out in Regulations          our news sites, the full impact that the legislative changes could have on our
that were released on December 15, 2023. These Regulations clarify that the            business and financial results is unknown at this time. Finally, the CRTC must still
Online News Act applies to search engines and social media sites that provide          establish its processes to administer the Online News Act.
access to news content in Canada provided these platforms earn at least Cdn
$1 billion in annual global

                                                                                                                                                                          87
9 MD&A Business risks




9             Business risks
A risk is the possibility that an event might happen in the future that could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results
or reputation. The actual effect of any event could be materially different from what we currently anticipate. The risks described in this MD&A are not the only
ones that could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation.
This section describes the principal business risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or
reputation, and cause actual results or events to differ materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. Certain of
these principal business risks have already been discussed in other sections of this MD&A, and we refer the reader to those sections for a discussion of such
risks. All of the risk discussions set out in the sections referred to in the table below, as well as the risk discussion relating to general economic conditions and
geopolitical events set out in Section 3.3, Principal business risks, are incorporated by reference in this section 9.

 Risks discussed in other sections of this MD&A                Section references
 Regulatory environment                                        Section 3.3, Principal business risks
                                                               Section 8, Regulatory environment

 Competitive environment                                       Section 3.3, Principal business risks
                                                               Section 5, Business segment analysis (Competitive landscape and industry trends section for each segment)

 Technology/infrastructure transformation                      Section 3.3, Principal business risks
 Risks specifically relating to our Bell CTS                   Section 5, Business segment analysis (Principal business risks section for each segment)
 and Bell Media segments


The other principal business risks that could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation are discussed
below.


Customer experience


Driving a positive customer experience in all aspects of our engagement with                 With the proliferation of connectivity services, apps and devices, customers are
customers is important to avoid brand degradation and other adverse                          accustomed to doing things when, how and where they want through websites, self-
impacts on our business and financial performance                                            serve options, web chat, call centres and social media forums. These customer
                                                                                             demands have intensified since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic and the
As the bar continues to be raised by customers’ evolving expectations of service             resulting shift to online transactions, and we seek to provide the necessary platforms
and value, failure to get ahead of such expectations and build a more robust and             for customers to research, interact, purchase and receive service. Customers’
consistent service experience at a fair value proposition could hinder product and           journey is increasingly completed on mobile devices, requiring alignment of
service differentiation and customer loyalty. The foundation of effective customer           websites, customer support platforms and marketing. Understanding the customer
service is the ability to deliver high-quality, consistent and simple solutions to           relationship as a whole in a multi-product environment and delivering a simple,
customers in an expeditious manner and on mutually agreeable terms. Although                 seamless experience at a fair price is increasingly central to an evolving competitive
we seek to reduce complexity in our operations through our transformation                    dynamic. While we have introduced new services and tools, including self-managed
initiatives, we operate with multiple technology platforms, ordering and billing             solutions, designed to accelerate our customer experience evolution, we are unable
systems, sales channels, marketing databases and a myriad of rate plans,                     to predict whether such services and tools will be sufficient to meet customer
promotions, brands and product offerings, in the context of a large customer base            expectations. Failure to develop true omni-channel capabilities and improve our
and a workforce that continuously requires to be trained, monitored and replaced,            customer experience by digitizing and developing a consistent, fast and on-demand
which may limit our ability to respond quickly to market changes and reduce costs,           end-to-end experience before, during and after sales using new technologies such
and may lead to customer confusion or billing, service or other errors, which could          as AI and machine learning, in parallel with our network evolution, could also
adversely affect customer satisfaction, acquisition and retention. Media attention to        adversely affect our business, financial results, reputation and brand value. Such
customer complaints could also erode our brand and reputation and adversely                  development activities could further be challenged by scarcity of skilled resources in
affect customer acquisition and retention. In addition, the current global economic          a competitive labour market. In addition, while AI could provide for better, cost-
environment may bring about further workforce reduction initiatives or limit                 effective and convenient customer experiences, we must carefully assess the
investments, which could negatively impact the rapidity of our response to                   challenges associated with the use of such technology by us as well as by our
customer demands and the overall customer experience.                                        competitors.

88      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks

Customers’ perception of our products, services, brand and corporate image is           influence customer perceptions through effective communication, including through
also important. Embracing topics that matter to the stakeholder value proposition,      our use of social media and other communication media or otherwise, could
such as ESG practices and the reporting of same, adds an important layer to the         adversely affect our business, financial results, reputation and brand value.
customer perception of our company and thus to the overall customer experience.
Failure to positively


Security management and data governance


Our operations, service performance, reputation and business continuity                 Changes in behaviour further to the COVID-19 pandemic as well as recent
depend on how well we protect our physical and non-physical assets,                     geopolitical events have further increased our exposure to information security
including from information security threats                                             threats. Remote work arrangements of our employees and those of our suppliers
                                                                                        have increased remote connectivity to our systems and the potential use of
Our operations, service performance, reputation and business continuity depend          unauthorized communications technologies. In addition, we have seen an increase
on how well we protect our physical and non-physical assets, including networks,        in global criminal activity, which further pressures our security environment.
IT systems, offices, corporate stores and sensitive information, from events such
as information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry, fire, natural            If information security threats were to become successful attacks resulting in
disasters, power loss, building cooling loss, acts of war or terrorism, sabotage,       information security breaches, they could harm our brand, reputation and
vandalism, actions of neighbours and other events. The protection and effective         competitiveness, decrease customer and investor confidence and adversely affect
organization of our systems, applications and information repositories are central      our business, financial results, stock price and long-term shareholder value, given
to the secure and continuous operation of our networks and business, as                 that they could lead to:
electronic and physical records of proprietary business and personal data, such as
                                                                                        • Network operating failures and business disruptions, which could negatively impact
confidential customer and employee information, are all sensitive from a market
                                                                                          our ability to sell products and services to our customers and adversely affect their
and privacy perspective.
                                                                                          ability to maintain normal business operations and deliver critical services, and/or
Information security breaches can result from deliberate or unintended actions by a       the ability of third-party suppliers to deliver critical services to us
growing number of sophisticated actors, including hackers, organized criminals,         • Unauthorized access to, and use of, proprietary or sensitive information, which
state-sponsored organizations and other parties. Information security attacks have        could result in lost revenue, diminished competitive advantages, challenges in
grown in complexity, magnitude and frequency in recent years and the potential for        retaining or attracting customers after an incident and loss of future business
damage is increasing. Information security attacks may be perpetrated using a             opportunities
complex array of ever evolving and changing means including, without limitation,
the use of stolen credentials, social engineering, computer viruses and malicious       • Theft, loss, unauthorized disclosure, destruction, encryption or corruption of data
software, phishing and other attacks on network and information systems.                  and confidential information, including personal information about our customers or
Information security attacks aim to achieve various malicious objectives including        employees, that could result in financial loss, exposure to claims for damages by
unauthorized access to, ransom/encryption of, and theft of, confidential,                 customers, employees and others, extortion threats due to ransomware and
proprietary, sensitive or personal information, as well as extortion and business         difficulty in accessing materials to defend legal actions
disruptions.                                                                            • Physical damage to network assets impacting service continuity
We are also exposed to information security threats as a result of actions that may     • Fines and sanctions for failure to meet legislative requirements or from credit card
be taken by our customers, suppliers, outsourcers, business partners, employees           providers for failing to comply with payment card industry data security standards
or independent third parties, whether malicious or not, including as a result of the      for protection of cardholder data
use of social media, cloud-based solutions and IT consumerization. Our use of
third-party suppliers and outsourcers and reliance on business partners, which          • Increased fraud as criminals leverage stolen information against our customers, our
may similarly be subject to information security threats, also expose us to risks as      employees or our company
we have less immediate oversight over their IT domains. Furthermore, the                • Remediation costs such as liability for stolen information, equipment repair and
introduction of 5G, cloud computing and the proliferation of data services, including     service recovery, and incentives to customers or business partners in an effort to
mobile TV, mobile commerce, mobile banking and IoT applications, as well as               maintain relationships after an incident
increased digitization and the use or misuse of emerging technologies such as AI,
robotics and smart contracts leveraging blockchain for digital certification, have      • Increased information security protection costs, including the costs of deploying
significantly increased the threat surface of our networks and systems, resulting in      additional personnel and protection technologies, training and monitoring
higher complexity that needs to be carefully monitored and managed to minimize            employees, and engaging third-party security experts and auditors
security threats. Failure to implement an information security program that             • Changes in the terms, conditions and pricing of customer, supplier and financial
efficiently considers relationships and interactions with business partners,              contracts and agreements that we may have
suppliers, customers, employees and other third parties across all methods of
communication, including social media and cloud-based solutions, could adversely
affect our ability to successfully defend against information security attacks.

                                                                                                                                                                            89
9 MD&A Business risks

In light of the evolving nature and sophistication of information security threats, our   There has also been increased regulatory scrutiny over the use, collection, and
information security policies, procedures and controls must continuously adapt and        disclosure of personal information in Canada. We are subject to various privacy
evolve in order to seek to mitigate risk and, consequently, require constant              legislation, such as Canada’s anti-spam legislation (CASL) and the Personal
monitoring to ensure effectiveness. However, given the complexity and scale of our        Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, as well as foreign privacy
business, network infrastructure, technology and IT supporting systems, there can         legislation via the mandatory flow-through of privacy-related obligations by our
be no assurance that the security policies, procedures and controls that we               customers, including those of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU). Global
implement will be effective against all information security attacks. In addition,        and domestic regulation around privacy and data practices are evolving rapidly and
there can be no assurance that any insurance we may have will cover all or part of        new or amended privacy legislation has been proposed or adopted federally and in a
the costs, damages, liabilities or losses that could result from the occurrence of        number of Canadian provincial jurisdictions with significant obligations, limitations on
any information security breach.                                                          the use of personal information, penalties and short implementation horizons. Our
                                                                                          data governance framework must not only meet applicable privacy requirements, but
Failure to implement an effective data governance framework could harm our                also be able to evolve for continuous improvement. Effective data governance is also
brand and reputation, expose us to regulatory pressure and penalties,                     a component of good ESG practices, which are considered an increasingly important
constrain our competitive opportunities, and adversely affect our business                measure of corporate performance and value creation.
and financial results
                                                                                          Failure to implement an effective data governance framework encompassing the
To achieve our purpose of advancing how Canadians connect with each other and             protection and appropriate use of data across its life cycle, and incorporating data
the world, we must preserve the social licence from our customers and all                 governance as a core consideration in our business initiatives and technology
Canadians to collect and use data in our operations. A strong and consistently            decisions, could harm our brand, reputation and competitiveness, decrease
applied approach to data governance is critical to maintaining that social licence,       customer and investor confidence and adversely affect our business and financial
requiring us to focus on respecting the privacy of our customers’ data and                results. It could give rise to litigation, investigations, fines and liability for failure to
protecting such data against information security threats. As our operations involve      comply with increasingly stringent privacy legislation, as well as increased audit and
receiving, processing and storing such proprietary business and personal data,            regulatory scrutiny that could divert resources from business operations.
effective policies, procedures and controls must be implemented to protect
information systems and underlying data in accordance with applicable privacy
legislation. Failure to meet customer and employee expectations regarding the
appropriate use and protection of their data could have negative reputational,
business and financial consequences for the company.


People


Attracting, developing and retaining a diverse and talented team capable of               deploy employees on initiatives that further our strategic imperatives and high-tech
furthering our strategic imperatives and high-tech transformation is essential            transformation, or to efficiently replace departing employees, could have an adverse
to our success                                                                            impact on our ability to attract and retain talent and drive performance across the
                                                                                          organization. Shortages of skilled labour could negatively affect our ability to
Our business depends on the efforts, engagement and expertise of our                      implement our strategic priorities, as well as sell our products and services and more
management and non-management employees and contractors, who must be able                 generally serve our customers.
to operate efficiently and safely based on their responsibilities and the environment
in which they are functioning. Demand for highly skilled team members has                 Establishing a culture that drives inclusivity, employee engagement, development
intensified, as retiring workers, varying levels of immigration, and an increase in       and progression is essential to attract and retain talent. In addition, employees are
remote-work arrangements allowing more global competition have created an even            typically more engaged at work when their value system aligns with their employer’s
more competitive marketplace. This emphasizes the importance of developing and            corporate values. We seek to foster an inclusive, equitable and accessible workplace
maintaining a comprehensive and inclusive human resources strategy and                    where team members are valued, respected and supported, reflecting the diversity
employee value proposition to adequately compete for talent and to identify and           of the communities we serve and our desire to provide team members with the
secure high-performing candidates for a broad range of job functions, roles and           opportunity to reach their full potential. We further endeavour to establish programs
responsibilities. In addition, an appropriately skilled and diversified pool of talent    and provide resources to support team members on a wide range of topics, including
(as a result of hiring, insourcing and reskilling) is essential to support evolving       mental health services and support. However, failure to establish robust programs to
business priorities in the context of an ongoing business transformation impacting        further these aspirations could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain team
job nature and skill sets. Our objective to transform from a telco to a techco            members. Failure to sufficiently address evolving employee expectations related to
requires a cultural change and a capacity to evolve, and impacts our recruitment          our culture and value proposition could also adversely affect our ability to attract and
strategy and deployment of resources. Failure to attract and appropriately train,         retain team members.
motivate, remunerate or

90       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks

As we emerged from the COVID-19 pandemic, we introduced our Bell Workways               • Ensuring the health and safety of our workforce operating in different environments,
program to help team members and leaders manage work, family and other                    including manholes, telephone poles, cell towers, vehicles, foreign news bureaus
commitments by offering a new approach for our workplace that allows flexibility for      and war zones, and/or in times of pandemic, requires focus, effective processes
team members on how and where they work, depending on their new designated                and flexibility to avoid injury, illness, service interruption, fines and reputational
role-based work profiles (remote, mobile or full-time office). However, flexible work     impact
models require a cultural shift that may impact business activities. Failure to
                                                                                        • Potential deterioration in employee morale and engagement resulting from staff
establish an optimal post-pandemic work arrangement conducive to corporate
                                                                                          reductions, cost reductions or reorganizations could adversely affect our business
performance and employee preference, and develop new leadership skills
                                                                                          and financial results
necessary in the context of a new hybrid model, could impair our ability to engage,
motivate and retain employees, impact productivity, increase the number of              Challenges related to collective agreements could adversely affect our
employees on disability leave for mental health reasons, and introduce additional       business
operational risks or exacerbate our exposure to existing ones, which could impair
our ability to manage our business.                                                     Approximately 42% of BCE employees were represented by unions and were
                                                                                        covered by collective agreements at December 31, 2023. The positive engagement
Other examples of people-related risks include the following:                           of members of our team represented by unions is contingent on negotiating
• The increasing technical and operational complexity of our businesses and the         collective agreements that deliver competitive labour conditions and uninterrupted
  high demand in the market for skilled resources in strategic areas create a           service, both of which are critical to achieving our business objectives.
  challenging environment for hiring, retaining and developing such skilled             We cannot predict the outcome of collective agreement negotiations. Renewal of
  resources                                                                             collective agreements could result in higher labour costs and be challenging in the
• Failure to establish a complete and effective succession plan, including              context of a declining workload due to transformation, a maturing footprint, improved
  preparation of internal talent and identification of potential external candidates,   efficiencies and adverse government or regulatory decisions. If during the bargaining
  where relevant, for senior executive and other key roles, could impair our            process there were to be project delays and work disruptions, including work
  business until qualified replacements are found                                       stoppages or work slowdowns, this could adversely affect service to our customers
                                                                                        and, in turn, our customer relationships and financial performance.


Operational performance


Our networks and IT systems are the foundation of high-quality consistent               and traffic management on our more current as well as our legacy networks could
services, which are critical to meeting service expectations                            adversely affect our customers, including by preventing the provisioning of critical
                                                                                        services, and could have an adverse impact on our business, reputation and
Our ability to provide high-quality and consistent wireless, wireline and media         financial performance. Furthermore, we may need to manage the possibility of
services to customers in a complex and changing operating environment is crucial        instability in the context of our transformation initiatives, including as we transition
for sustained success. It is therefore essential that we continuously refine our        towards converged wireline and wireless networks and newer technologies,
operating model in order to accelerate our transition from a telco to a techco, and     including software-defined networks leveraging open source software and cloud
meet customer expectations of product and service experience at a desired cost          services. Network failures and slowdowns, whether caused by internal or external
structure.                                                                              forces, human-caused error or threat, or external events, could adversely affect our
Network capacity demands for content offerings and other bandwidth-intensive            brand and reputation, subscriber acquisition and retention as well as our financial
applications on our wireline and wireless networks have been growing at                 results. While we invest in the resiliency of our networks and other infrastructure and
unprecedented rates. Unexpected capacity pressures on our networks may                  establish response strategies and business continuity protocols to seek to maintain
negatively affect our network performance and our ability to provide services.          service consistency, there is no assurance that such investments and protocols will
Evolving customer behaviour and their use of our networks, products and services        be sufficient to prevent network failure or the failure of other infrastructure, or a
have created increased capacity pressure on certain areas of our wireless, wireline     disruption in the delivery of our services.
and broadcast media networks, and there can be no certainty that our networks will      In addition, we currently use a very large number of interconnected internal and
continue to sustain such increased usage. In addition, we may need to incur             third-party operational and business support systems for provisioning, networking,
significant capital expenditures in order to provide additional capacity and reduce     distribution, broadcast management, ordering, billing and accounting, which may
network congestion. Network performance and/or reliability may vary depending on        hinder our operational efficiency. If we fail to implement, maintain or manage highly
the location and the recent trend for families to move from urban centres to less       effective IT systems supported by an effective governance and operating framework,
urbanized areas increases the need to develop and/or enhance our networks in            and implement transformation initiatives to streamline and integrate our processes
areas that were not previously served or that were underserved.                         and systems, this may lead to inconsistent performance and dissatisfied customers,
Customers and other stakeholders expect that we deliver reliable service                which over time could result in higher churn. It may also limit our cross-sell
performance, enabled by our networks and other infrastructure, as well as the           capabilities across our portfolio of products and services.
networks and other infrastructure of third-party providers on which we rely. Issues
relating to network availability, speed, consistency

                                                                                                                                                                             91
9 MD&A Business risks

Further examples of risks to operational performance that could impact our              fire, natural disasters, power loss, building cooling loss, acts of war or terrorism,
reputation, business operations and financial performance include the following:        sabotage, vandalism, actions of neighbours and other events. Climate change,
                                                                                        especially in areas of greater environmental sensitivity, could heighten the
• The current global economic environment as well as geopolitical events may
                                                                                        occurrence of certain of the above-mentioned risks. We must also manage business
  bring about further incremental costs, delays or unavailability of equipment,
                                                                                        continuity issues caused by internal sources, including human error, human-caused
  materials and resources, which may impact our ability to maintain or upgrade our
                                                                                        threats and inefficiencies. Establishing response strategies and business continuity
  networks in order to accommodate increased network usage and to provide the
                                                                                        protocols to maintain service consistency if any disruptive event materializes is
  desired levels of customer service
                                                                                        critical to the achievement of effective customer service. Any of the above-mentioned
• Failure to maintain required service delivery amid operational challenges             events, as well as the failure by us, or by other telecommunications carriers on
  (including those related to targeted cost savings initiatives, flexible work models   which we rely to provide services, to adequately complete planned and sufficient
  and the availability of employees with the required skill set) and a transformation   testing, maintenance, replacement or upgrade of our or their networks, equipment
  of our infrastructure and technology could adversely affect our brand, reputation     and other facilities, which is, among other factors, dependent on our or their ability to
  and financial results                                                                 purchase equipment and services from third-party suppliers, could disrupt our
                                                                                        operations (including through disruptions such as network and other infrastructure
• We may lose sales should we fail to maximize channel efficiencies, which could
                                                                                        failures, billing errors or delays in customer service), require significant resources
  adversely affect our financial results
                                                                                        and result in significant remediation costs, which in turn could have an adverse effect
• Corporate restructurings, system replacements and upgrades, process redesigns,        on our business and financial performance, or impair our ability to keep existing
  staff reductions and the integration of business acquisitions may not deliver the     subscribers or attract new ones.
  benefits contemplated, or be completed when expected, and could adversely
  impact our ongoing operations                                                         In addition, the current global economic environment as well as geopolitical events
                                                                                        may bring about further incremental costs, delays or unavailability of equipment,
• Failure to streamline our significant IT legacy system portfolio and proactively      materials and resources, which could impact our operations and business continuity
  improve operating performance could adversely affect our business and financial       strategies.
  results
                                                                                        Satellites used to provide our satellite TV services are subject to significant
• We may experience more service interruptions or outages due to legacy                 operational risks that could have an adverse effect on our business and
  infrastructure. In some cases, vendor support is no longer available or legacy        financial performance
  vendor operations have ceased.
                                                                                        Pursuant to a set of commercial arrangements between ExpressVu and Telesat
• There may be a lack of replacement parts and competent and cost-effective
                                                                                        Canada (Telesat), we currently have satellites under contract with Telesat. Telesat
  resources to perform the life cycle management and upgrades necessary to
                                                                                        operates or directs the operation of these satellites, which utilize highly complex
  maintain the operational status of legacy networks and IT systems
                                                                                        technology and operate in the harsh environment of space and are therefore subject
• Climate change increases the probability, frequency, intensity and length of          to significant operational risks while in orbit. These risks include in-orbit equipment
  severe weather-related events such as ice, snow and wind storms, wildfires,           failures, malfunctions and other problems, commonly referred to as anomalies, that
  flooding, extended heat waves, hurricanes, tornadoes and tsunamis, all of which       could reduce the commercial usefulness of a satellite used to provide our satellite TV
  could impact network availability and performance and drive more repairs of           services. Acts of war or terrorism, magnetic, electrostatic or solar storms, or space
  network equipment                                                                     debris or meteoroids could also damage such satellites. Any loss, failure,
                                                                                        manufacturing defect, damage or destruction of these satellites, of our terrestrial
Our operations and business continuity depend on how well we protect, test,             broadcasting infrastructure or of Telesat’s tracking, telemetry and control facilities to
maintain, replace and upgrade our networks, IT systems, equipment and                   operate the satellites could have an adverse effect on our business and financial
other facilities                                                                        performance and could result in customers terminating their subscriptions to our
Our operations, service performance, reputation, business continuity and strategy       satellite TV service.
depend on how well we and our contracted product and service providers, as well
as other telecommunications carriers on which we rely to provide services, protect
our or their networks and IT systems, as well as other infrastructure and facilities,
from events such as information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry,


Financial management


If we are unable to raise the capital we need or generate sufficient cash flows         Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity and
from operating activities, we may need to limit our capital expenditures or             debt capital markets, the money market, as well as the bank credit market. Our
our investments in new businesses, or try to raise capital by disposing of              ability to access such markets and the cost and amount of funding available depend
assets                                                                                  largely on prevailing market conditions and the outlook for our business and credit
                                                                                        ratings at the time capital is raised.
Our ability to meet our cash requirements, fund capital expenditures and provide
for planned growth depends on having access to adequate sources of capital and          Risk factors such as capital market disruptions, political, economic and financial
on our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities, which is subject to    market instability in Canada or abroad, government policies, central bank monetary
various risks, including those described in this MD&A.                                  policies, increasing interest rates, changes to bank capitalization or other
                                                                                        regulations, reduced bank lending in

92      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks

general or fewer banks as a result of reduced activity or consolidation, could            We cannot guarantee that dividends will be increased or declared
reduce capital available or increase the cost of such capital. In addition, an
increased level of debt borrowings could result in lower credit ratings, increased        Increases in the BCE common share dividend and the declaration of dividends on
borrowing costs and a reduction in the amount of funding available to us, including       any of BCE’s outstanding shares are subject to the discretion of the BCE Board and,
through equity offerings. Business acquisitions and our acquisition of wireless           consequently, there can be no guarantee that the dividend on common shares will
spectrum licences could also adversely affect our outlook and credit ratings and          be increased or that dividends will be declared. Dividend increases and the
have similar adverse consequences. There is no assurance that we will maintain            declaration of dividends by the BCE Board are ultimately dependent on BCE’s
our credit ratings and a ratings downgrade could result in adverse consequences           operations and financial results which are, in turn, subject to various assumptions
for our funding cost and capacity, and our ability to access the capital markets,         and risks, including those set out in this MD&A.
money market and/or the bank credit market. In addition, participants in the public       The failure to reduce costs, unexpected increases in costs and the failure to
capital and bank credit markets have internal policies limiting their ability to invest   optimize capital spending, could adversely affect our ability to achieve our
in, or extend credit to, any single entity or entity group or a particular industry.      strategic imperatives and financial guidance
Finally, with increasing emphasis by the capital markets on ESG performance and
reporting, there is a potential for the cost and availability of funding to be            Our objective to lower our cost structure continues to be aggressive with a company-
increasingly tied to the quality of our ESG practices and related disclosed metrics.      wide focus on cost transformation and reduction, but there is no assurance that we
                                                                                          will be successful in reducing costs. Examples of risks to our ability to reduce costs
Our bank credit facilities, including credit facilities supporting our commercial paper   or limit potential cost increases include the following:
program, are provided by various financial institutions. While it is our intention to
renew certain of such credit facilities from time to time, there are no assurances        • Inflation could continue to result in higher input costs for equipment, products and
that these facilities will be renewed on favourable terms or in similar amounts.            services, and create increased pressure for wage increases

Global financial markets have experienced, and could again experience, significant        • Increased costs related to geopolitical events, in particular as they impact our
volatility and weakness as a result of market disruptions, including relating to the        supply chain, could continue for an undetermined period of time
economy and geopolitical events. The current global economic environment could            • Increasing or prevailing high interest rates could continue to negatively impact our
continue to negatively impact equity and debt capital markets, cause interest rate          cost of financing
and currency volatility and movements, and adversely affect our ability to raise
financing in the public capital, bank credit and/or commercial paper markets as well      • Our cost reduction objectives require aggressive negotiations with our suppliers
as the cost thereof. Additionally, the negative impact of the global economic               and there can be no assurance that such negotiations will be successful or that
environment and potential recession, elevated inflation and high interest rates on          replacement products or services provided will not lead to operational issues
our customers’ financial condition could adversely affect our ability to recover          • As suppliers continue to shorten software life cycles, the cost of seeking to
payment of receivables from customers and lead to further increases in bad debts,           maintain adequate information security increases
thereby negatively affecting our revenues and cash flows, as well as our position
under our securitized receivables program.                                                • Achieving timely cost reductions while moving to an IP-based network is dependent
                                                                                            on disciplined network decommissioning, which can be delayed by customer
Differences between BCE’s actual or anticipated financial results and the published         contractual commitments, regulatory considerations and other unforeseen
expectations of financial analysts, as well as events affecting our business or             obstacles
operating environment, may contribute to volatility in the market price of BCE’s
                                                                                          • Failure to contain growing operational costs related to network sites, network
securities. A major decline in the capital markets in general, or an adjustment in the
                                                                                            performance and resiliency, footprint expansion, spectrum licences, insurance and
market price or trading volumes of BCE’s securities, may negatively affect our
                                                                                            content and equipment acquisition could have a negative effect on our financial
ability to raise debt or equity capital, retain senior executives and other key
                                                                                            performance
employees, make strategic acquisitions or enter into joint ventures.
                                                                                          • In addition to the potential impact from the global economic environment and
If we cannot access the capital we need or generate cash flows to implement our             geopolitical events, fluctuations in energy prices are further partly influenced by
business plan or meet our financial obligations on acceptable terms, we may have            government policies to address climate change such as carbon pricing which,
to limit our ongoing capital expenditures and our investment in new businesses or           combined with growing data demand that increases our energy requirements, could
try to raise additional capital by selling or otherwise disposing of assets. Any of         increase our energy costs beyond our current expectations
these could have an adverse effect on our cash flows from operating activities and
on our growth prospects.                                                                  • Failure to successfully deliver on our contractual commitments, whether due to
                                                                                            security events, operational challenges or other reasons, may result in financial
                                                                                            penalties and loss of revenues
                                                                                          In addition, as part of our business operations and transformation initiatives, it is
                                                                                          essential that we optimize capital spending and ensure appropriate trade-offs in our
                                                                                          capital allocation. However, should we fail to adequately assess investment priorities
                                                                                          and optimal trade-offs, our business and financial results could be negatively
                                                                                          affected.


                                                                                                                                                                             93
9 MD&A Business risks

We are exposed to various credit, liquidity and market risks                             A number of factors could impact our financial statements and estimates
Our exposure to credit, liquidity and market risks, including equity price, interest     We base our estimates on a number of factors, including but not limited to historical
rate and currency fluctuations, is discussed in section 6.5, Financial risk              experience, current events, and actions that the company may undertake in the
management of this MD&A and in Note 29 to BCE’s 2023 consolidated financial              future, as well as other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the
statements.                                                                              circumstances. A change in these assumptions may have an impact on our financial
                                                                                         statements including but not limited to impairment testing, fair value determination,
Our failure to identify and manage our exposure to changes in interest rates,            expected credit losses and discount rates used for the present value of cash flows.
foreign exchange rates, BCE’s share price and other market conditions could lead         By their nature, these estimates and judgments are subject to measurement
to missed opportunities, increased costs, reduced profit margins, cash flow              uncertainty and actual results could differ.
shortages, inability to complete planned capital expenditures, reputational damage,
equity and debt securities devaluations, and challenges in raising capital on            The economic environment, pension rules or ineffective governance could
market-competitive terms.                                                                have an adverse effect on our pension obligations, and we may be required to
                                                                                         increase contributions to our post-employment benefit plans
The failure to evolve practices to effectively monitor and control fraudulent
activities could result in financial loss and brand degradation                          With a large pension plan membership and DB pension plans that are subject to the
                                                                                         pressures of the global economic environment and changing regulatory and
As a public company with a range of desirable and valuable products and services         reporting requirements, our pension obligations are exposed to potential volatility.
and a large number of employees, BCE requires a disciplined program covering             Failure to recognize and manage economic exposure and pension rule changes, or
governance, exposure identification and assessment, prevention, detection and            to ensure that effective governance is in place for the management and funding of
reporting that considers corruption, misappropriation of assets and intentional          pension plan assets and obligations, could have an adverse impact on our liquidity
manipulation of financial statements by employees and/or external parties. The           and financial performance.
current global economic environment could further lead to increased fraud
activities, which could result in financial loss and brand degradation.                  The funding requirements of our post-employment benefit plans, based on
                                                                                         valuations of plan assets and obligations, depend on a number of factors, including
Specific examples relevant to us include:                                                actual returns on post-employment benefit plan assets, long-term interest rates,
• Copyright theft and other forms of unauthorized use that undermine the                 inflation, plan demographics including longevity, and applicable regulations and
  exclusivity of Bell Media’s content offerings, which could divert users to             actuarial standards. Changes in these factors, including changes caused by the
  unlicensed or otherwise illegitimate platforms, thus impacting our ability to derive   current global economic environment and recent geopolitical events, could cause
  distribution and advertising revenues                                                  future contributions to significantly differ from our current estimates, require us to
                                                                                         increase contributions to our post-employment benefit plans in the future and,
• Unauthorized individuals taking over someone else’s online account without the         therefore, have a negative effect on our liquidity and financial performance.
  account owner‘s permission to gain access to wireless products and goods via
  various means (social engineering, phishing, smishing, etc.)                           There is no assurance that the assets of our post-employment benefit plans will earn
                                                                                         their assumed rate of return. A substantial portion of our post-employment benefit
• Subscription fraud where fraudsters use their own, a stolen or a synthetic identity
                                                                                         plans’ assets is invested in public and private equity and debt securities. As a result,
  to obtain mobile devices and services with no intention to pay
                                                                                         the ability of our post-employment benefit plans’ assets to earn the rate of return that
• Network usage fraud such as call/sell operations using our wireline or wireless        we have assumed depends significantly on the performance of capital markets.
  networks or incidents related to network components such as copper theft               Market conditions also impact the discount rate used to calculate our pension plan
                                                                                         solvency obligations and could therefore also significantly affect our cash funding
• Ongoing efforts to steal the services of TV distributors, including Bell Canada and
                                                                                         requirements.
  ExpressVu, through compromise or circumvention of signal security systems,
  causing revenue loss
Income and commodity tax amounts may materially differ from the expected
amounts
Our complex business operations are subject to various tax laws. The adoption of
new tax laws, or regulations or rules thereunder, or changes thereto or in the
interpretation thereof, could result in higher tax rates, new taxes or other adverse
tax implications. In addition, while we believe that we have adequately provided for
all income and commodity taxes based on all of the information that is currently
available, the calculation of income taxes and the applicability of commodity taxes
in many cases require significant judgment in interpreting tax rules and regulations.
Our tax filings are subject to government audits that could result in material
changes to the amount of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
and other liabilities and could, in certain circumstances, result in an assessment of
interest and penalties.

94      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks


Vendor management/supply chain


We depend on third-party suppliers, outsourcers and consultants, some of                 In addition, certain company initiatives rely heavily on professional consulting
which are critical, to provide an uninterrupted supply of the products and               services provided by third parties, and a failure of such third-party services may not
services we need, as well as comply with various obligations                             be reasonably evident until their work is delivered or delayed. Difficulties in
                                                                                         implementing remedial strategies in respect of professional consulting services
We depend on key third-party suppliers and outsourcers, over which we have no            provided by third parties that are not performed in a proper or timely fashion could
operational or financial control, for products and services, some of which are           result in an adverse effect on our ability to comply with various obligations, including
critical to our operations. If there are gaps in our vendor selection, governance or     applicable legal and accounting requirements.
oversight processes established to seek to ensure full risk transparency at point of
purchase and throughout the relationship, including any contract renegotiations,         Other examples of risks associated with third-party suppliers and outsourcers
there is the potential for a breakdown in supply, which could impact our ability to      include the following:
make sales, service customers and achieve our business and financial objectives.
                                                                                         • We rely upon the successful implementation and execution of business continuity
In addition, any such gaps could result in suboptimal management of our vendor
                                                                                           plans by our product and service suppliers. To the extent that such plans do not
base, increased costs and missed opportunities. Ongoing relationships must
                                                                                           successfully mitigate the impacts of the current global economic environment,
further be adequately managed in order to address existing and new operational
                                                                                           geopolitical events or other events, and our suppliers or vendors experience
and compliance requirements. Some of our third-party suppliers and outsourcers
                                                                                           operational failures or inventory constraints, such failures or constraints could result
are located in foreign countries, which increases the potential for a breakdown in
                                                                                           in, or amplify existing, supply chain disruptions that could adversely affect our
supply due to the risks of operating in foreign jurisdictions with different laws,
                                                                                           business. Incremental costs, delays or unavailability of equipment, materials,
geopolitical environments and cultures, as well as the potential for localized natural
                                                                                           products or services, as well as unavailability of our suppliers’ or contractors’
disasters. Concerns related to geopolitical events could put pressure on our supply
                                                                                           employees due to strikes, workforce reduction initiatives or other factors, could
chain and require increased focus on supply chain diversification to support
                                                                                           impact sales and execution of our strategic imperatives and adversely affect our
continuity.
                                                                                           business and financial results.
We may have to select different third-party suppliers for equipment or other             • The current global economic environment and recent geopolitical events have
products and services, or different outsourcers, in order to meet evolving internal        given rise to inflationary pressures and sharp increases in prices, which could put
company policies and guidelines as well as regulatory requirements. Should we              increased pressure on purchasing costs
decide, or be required by a governmental authority or otherwise, to terminate our
relationship with an existing supplier or outsourcer, this would decrease the            • The insolvency of one or more of our suppliers could cause a breakdown in supply
number of available suppliers or outsourcers and could result in significant               and have an adverse effect on our operations, including our ability to make sales or
increased costs, as well as transitional, support, service, quality or continuity          service customers, as well as on our financial results
issues; delay our ability to deploy new network and other technologies and offer         • Demand for products and services available from only a limited number of
new products and services; and adversely affect our business and financial results.        suppliers, some of which dominate their global market, may lead to decreased
The use of third-party suppliers and the outsourcing of services generally involve         availability, increased costs or delays in the delivery of such products and services,
transfer of risks, and we must take appropriate steps to ensure that our suppliers’        since suppliers may choose to favour global competitors that are larger than we are
and outsourcers’ approach to risk management is aligned with our own standards             and, accordingly, purchase a larger volume of products and services. In addition,
in order to maintain continuity of supply and brand strength. Increased focus on           production issues or geopolitical events affecting any such suppliers, or other
supplier risks in areas of security, data governance, responsible procurement and          suppliers, could result in decreased quantities or a total lack of supply of products
broader ESG factors requires increased attention given that supplier actions or            or services. Any of these events could adversely impact our ability to meet
omissions could have significant impacts on our business, financial results, brand         customer commitments and demand.
and reputation. Furthermore, cloud-based supplier models have continued to               • A suboptimal outsourcing model could result in the loss of key corporate
evolve and grow and, while they offer many potential benefits, cloud-based                 knowledge, reduced efficiency and effectiveness, and impede agile delivery of new
services can also change the level or types of risks. Accordingly, our procurement         products or technology
and vendor management practices must also continue to evolve to fully take into
account the potential risks of cloud-based services.                                     • Cloud-based solutions may increase the risk of security and data leakage exposure
                                                                                           if security control protocols and configurations implemented by our cloud-based
                                                                                           partners or suppliers, or by us where we retain responsibility for such protocols, are
                                                                                           inadequate
                                                                                         • If existing suppliers do not have appropriate alternative cloud-based products or
                                                                                           services, our ability to complete desired migrations to the cloud could be limited or
                                                                                           delayed
                                                                                         • Failure to maintain strong discipline around vendor administration (especially
                                                                                           around initial account setup) may mask potential financial or operational risks and
                                                                                           complicate future problem resolutions


                                                                                                                                                                                95
9 MD&A Business risks

• If products and services important to our operations have manufacturing defects              • We rely on other telecommunications carriers from time to time to deliver services.
  or do not comply with applicable government regulations and standards (including               Should these carriers fail to roll out new networks or fail to upgrade existing
  product safety practices), our ability to sell products and provide services on a              networks, or should their networks be affected by operational failures or service
  timely basis may be negatively impacted. We work with our suppliers to seek to                 interruptions, such issues could adversely affect our ability to provide services
  identify serious product defects (including safety incidents) and develop                      using such carriers’ networks and could, consequently, have an adverse effect on
  appropriate remedial strategies, which may include a recall of products. To the                our business, reputation and financial results.
  extent that a supplier does not actively participate in, and/or bear primary
                                                                                               • BCE depends on call centre and technical support services provided by a number
  financial responsibility for, a recall of its products, our ability to perform such recall
                                                                                                 of external suppliers and outsourcers, some of which are located in foreign
  programs at a reasonable cost and/or in a timely fashion may be negatively
                                                                                                 countries. These vendors have access to customer and internal BCE information
  impacted. Any of the events referred to above could have an adverse effect on
                                                                                                 necessary for the support services that they provide. Information access and
  our business, reputation and financial results.
                                                                                                 service delivery issues that are not managed appropriately may have an adverse
• Products (including software) and services supplied to us may contain security                 impact on our business, reputation, the quality and speed of services provided to
  issues including, but not limited to, latent security issues that would not be                 customers, or our ability to address technical issues.
  apparent upon an inspection. Should we or a supplier fail to correct a security
  issue in a timely fashion, there could be an adverse effect on our business,
  reputation and financial results.


Reputation and ESG practices


Our ability to maintain positive customer relationships is significantly                       in the areas of privacy, accessibility, data governance, climate change and diversity.
influenced by our reputation                                                                   Accordingly, failure to integrate ESG considerations into our governance activities
                                                                                               and effectively manage ESG risks and opportunities could harm our brand and
Many customers’ choice to purchase our products and services is directly related               reputation, and could lead to negative business, financial, legal and regulatory
to their perception of our company. Accordingly, our ability to maintain positive              consequences for the company. Perceived misalignment of our actions with
customer relationships and acquire or retain customers is significantly influenced             stakeholder expectations could also harm our brand and reputation and lead to
by our reputation. The company faces many sources of reputational risks, as                    further financial and other consequences. Finally, enhanced ESG-related disclosures
discussed in this MD&A. Should our perceived or actual outlook, plans, priorities or           could increase the company’s exposure to claims for misrepresentation in the
actions, or those of our employees or suppliers, fail to align with stakeholders’              primary or secondary market.
expectations, our reputation could be impacted, which could have an adverse
effect on our brand, our ability to retain or attract customers, and more generally on         Failure to take appropriate actions to adapt to current and emerging
our business, financial condition, liquidity and financial results.                            environmental impacts, including climate change, could have an adverse
                                                                                               effect on our business
There is no assurance that we will succeed in meaningfully integrating ESG
considerations into our business strategy and operations to generate a                         We face risks related to environmental events, including climate-related events,
positive outcome for stakeholders                                                              which could impact our operations, service performance, reputation and business
                                                                                               continuity, cost of insurance, and more generally have an adverse effect on our
While we seek to understand the evolving ESG environment and identify topics                   business, financial performance and reputation. In particular, climate change poses
and activities that may expose us to ESG risks, there is no assurance that we will             potential risks to our business, our employees, our customers, our suppliers and
succeed in meaningfully integrating ESG considerations into our business strategy              outsourcers, and the communities we operate in. Inadequate management of
and operations to generate positive outcomes for stakeholders. Good ESG                        environmental issues associated with our company and our business, as well as our
practices are an important measure of corporate performance and value creation.                suppliers and other stakeholders, could also adversely affect our business, financial
As such, we are increasingly under scrutiny to address ESG matters of importance               condition, liquidity, financial results and reputation given the implications for the
to our stakeholders. A wide range of ESG topics have progressively become                      company as well as various stakeholders.
important elements of corporate culture and seeking to embrace them reinforces
our value proposition to drive employee attraction and retention. Customers now
factor broader considerations into purchase decisions and look for alignment of
personal values with corporate behaviour. Investors increasingly link investment
decisions to the quality of ESG practices and related disclosed metrics. Moreover,
we have directly linked some pricing elements in certain financing agreements to
our performance on key ESG targets. Legal and regulatory pressures have further
intensified in the ESG sphere, including, without limitation,

96       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks

In alignment with the recommendations of the TCFD, we categorize climate-related             action to reduce our negative impacts on the environment, to achieve our
risks into physical and transition risks:                                                    environmental objectives and to effectively report on environmental matters, could
                                                                                             result in fines, and could harm our brand, reputation and competitiveness, as well as
• Physical risks are associated with the physical impacts from a changing climate
                                                                                             lead to other negative business, financial, legal and regulatory consequences for the
  and can either be event-driven (acute) or longer-term (chronic) shifts in climate
                                                                                             company.
  patterns. Global scientific evidence suggests that climate change will increase
  both the frequency and severity of extreme weather events. This will include such          Pandemics, epidemics and other health risks, including health concerns about
  events as flooding, ice storms and wildfires, among others. These could have a             radiofrequency emissions from wireless communications devices and
  destructive impact on our communications network infrastructure and in turn                equipment, could have an adverse effect on our business
  affect our ability to deliver services that are critical to our customers and society.
  A service disruption due to extreme weather events could lead to financial                 Health concerns related to COVID-19 still give rise to uncertainties, and resurgences
  impacts including an increase in operating costs from maintenance and repairs,             in new COVID-19 cases and/or the emergence and progression of new variants
  labour, heating and cooling, and equipment damage. Our insurance premiums                  could cause governments to reintroduce restrictive measures. Other pandemics,
  could increase, or we could face reduced insurability in high risk areas.                  epidemics and health risks could also occur, any of which could adversely affect our
  Furthermore, this could jeopardize customer satisfaction and may result in a               ability to maintain operational networks and provide products and services to our
  decrease in revenues. In addition, if average temperatures where we are                    customers, as well as the ability of our suppliers to provide us with products and
  operating are warmer or cooler year-over-year for longer periods of time, there            services we need to operate our business. Any such pandemics, epidemics and
  will be an increasing need for cooling or heating capacity in our facilities. This will    other health risks could have an adverse effect on the economy and financial
  increase our energy consumption and associated operational costs. Furthermore,             markets resulting in a declining level of retail and commercial activity, which could
  in order to remain resilient to these increasing or decreasing temperatures, we            have a negative impact on the demand for, and prices of, our products and services.
  would need to increase our investments in our infrastructure, again leading to
                                                                                             Many studies have been performed or are ongoing to assess whether mobile
  increased operational costs.
                                                                                             communications devices, such as smartphones, as well as wireless networks and
• Transition risks are associated with a transition to a lower-carbon economy, which         towers pose a potential health risk. While some studies suggest links to certain
  may include extensive regulatory, technology and market changes to address                 conditions, others conclude there is no established causation between mobile phone
  mitigation and adaptation requirements related to climate change. These risks              usage and adverse health effects. The International Agency for Research on Cancer
  may include increased operational costs driven by the rising price of energy due           (IARC) of the World Health Organization classified radiofrequency electromagnetic
  to carbon pricing regulations and the shifting supply and demand for energy,               fields from wireless phones as possibly carcinogenic to humans, but also indicated
  increased operational costs related to e-waste treatment programs                          that chance, bias or confounding could not be ruled out with reasonable confidence.
  and management systems, reputational risks related to our management of                    The IARC also called for additional research into long-term heavy use of mobile
  climate-related issues as well as to our level of disclosure related to such matters.      phones.
  There is also a reputational risk of not demonstrating our proactive behaviour
  towards climate change, which could affect customer perception and the cost and            ISED is responsible for approving radiofrequency equipment and performing
  availability of funding that has the potential to be increasingly tied to the quality of   compliance assessments and has chosen Health Canada’s Safety Code 6, which
  our ESG practices and related disclosed metrics, all of which could have negative          sets the limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency emissions at home or at work, as
  financial outcomes.                                                                        its exposure standard. This code also outlines safety requirements for the installation
                                                                                             and operation of devices that emit radiofrequency fields such as mobile
Furthermore, climate-related events could also impact our suppliers and                      communications devices, Wi-Fi technologies and base station antennas. ISED has
outsourcers, which in turn could impact our business. Given that some of our third-          made compliance to Safety Code 6 mandatory for all proponents and operators of
party suppliers and outsourcers are located in foreign countries that are more at            radio installations.
risk of experiencing weather-related events, localized natural disasters in such
countries could further negatively impact our business.                                      The following challenges, among others, could result from our business being
                                                                                             heavily dependent on radiofrequency technologies:
In addition, several areas of our operations raise other environmental
                                                                                             • We may face lawsuits relating to alleged adverse health effects on customers, as
considerations, such as fuel storage, GHG emissions and energy consumption
                                                                                               well as relating to our marketing and disclosure practices in connection therewith,
reduction, waste management, disposal of hazardous residual materials, recovery
                                                                                               and the likely outcome of such potential lawsuits is unpredictable and could change
and recycling of end-of-life electronic products we sell or lease, and other network
                                                                                               over time
associated impacts (e.g., treated wood poles, manhole effluents, lead cables, etc.).
                                                                                             • Changes in scientific evidence and/or public perceptions could lead to additional
Our team members, customers, investors and governments expect that we regard                   government regulations and costs for retrofitting infrastructure and handsets to
environmental protection as an integral part of doing business and that we seek to             achieve compliance
minimize the negative environmental impacts of our operations and create positive
impacts where possible. Failure to recognize and adequately respond to their                 • Public concerns could result in a slower deployment of, or in our inability to deploy,
evolving expectations, to take                                                                 infrastructure necessary to maintain and/or expand our wireless network as
                                                                                               required by market evolution
                                                                                             Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and financial
                                                                                             performance.


                                                                                                                                                                                  97
9 MD&A Business risks

Various social issues, if not adequately managed, could have an adverse                    The achievement of our science-based target related to our scope 1 and 2 GHG
effect on our business                                                                     emissions will require that we purchase a significant quantity of RECs. To achieve
                                                                                           this science-based target, only RECs will be considered given that the SBTi
Effective management of social risk is a component of good ESG practices.                  standards do not enable carbon credits to be used for this target. Should a sufficient
Inadequate management of social issues associated with our company and our                 quantity of acceptable (according to the SBTi guidelines) RECs be unavailable,
business, as well as our suppliers and other stakeholders, could adversely affect          should their cost of acquisition be considered too onerous, or should laws,
our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results and reputation. This may   regulations, applicable standards, public perception or other factors limit the number
include social issues discussed elsewhere in this MD&A such as DEIB, employees’            of RECs that we can purchase, in whole or in part, the achievement of our science-
well-being, health and safety, responsible procurement, as well as other social            based target related to our scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions could be negatively
issues such as human rights, including Indigenous peoples’ rights, consultation            impacted.
and accommodation, and community acceptance and engagement. Failure to
sufficiently address and report on our management of social issues and to achieve          A portion of our GHG emissions reduction targets also depend on our ability to
our social objectives could harm our brand and reputation, and could lead to               implement sufficient corporate and business initiatives in order to reduce GHG
negative business, financial, legal and regulatory consequences for the company.           emissions to the desired levels. Failure to implement such initiatives according to
                                                                                           planned schedules due to changes in business plans, our inability to implement
There can be no assurance that our corporate governance practices will be                  requisite operational or technological changes, unavailability of capital, technologies,
sufficient to prevent violations of legal and ethical standards                            equipment or employees, cost allocations, actual costs exceeding anticipated costs,
Our employees, officers, Board members, suppliers and other business partners              or other factors, or the failure of such initiatives, including of new technologies, to
are expected to comply with applicable legal and ethical standards including,              generate anticipated GHG emissions reductions, could negatively affect our ability to
without limitation, anti-bribery laws, as well as with our governance policies and         achieve our GHG emissions reduction targets. In addition, future corporate
contractual obligations. Failure to comply with such laws, policies, standards and         initiatives, such as business acquisitions and organic growth, could negatively affect
contractual obligations could expose us to investigations or litigation and significant    our ability to achieve our targets, as would the adoption of new technologies that are
fines and penalties, and result in reputational harm or being disqualified from            carbon enablers or do not generate the anticipated energy savings.
bidding on contracts. While we have developed and implemented corporate                    A refinement in or modifications to international standards or to the methodology we
governance practices, including through our Code of Business Conduct which is              use for the calculation of GHG emissions that would result in an increase in our
updated regularly and subject to an annual review by our team members, there               GHG emissions could further impact our ability to achieve our targets. In addition, as
can be no assurance that such practices and measures will be sufficient to prevent         it relates to our science-based targets specifically, the SBTi requires the
violations of legal and ethical standards. Any such failure or violation could have an     recalculation of our targets upon the occurrence of certain events, such as business
adverse effect on our business, financial performance and reputation.                      acquisitions or divestitures, or to conform to evolving SBTi methodology or
Various factors could negatively impact our ability to achieve our ESG                     standards. A recalculation resulting in the introduction of more ambitious targets
targets                                                                                    could challenge our ability to achieve such updated targets.

We have set a number of ambitious ESG targets to monitor our ESG performance               The achievement of our science-based target relating to the level of our suppliers by
and align to our strategic imperatives. However, our ability to achieve these targets      spend covering purchased goods and services that have adopted science-based
depends on many factors and is subject to many risks that could cause our                  targets could be negatively impacted should we fail to achieve the required level of
assumptions or estimates to be inaccurate and cause actual results or events to            engagement and collaboration from our suppliers over which we have no control,
differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these targets. Failure to        despite the engagement measures that we may implement, or should we change
sufficiently address evolving employee, customer, investor and other stakeholder           significantly the allocation of our spend by supplier.
expectations through achievement of our ESG targets could harm our brand,                  In addition, we have much less influence over the reduction of our scope 3 GHG
reputation and competitiveness, as well as lead to other negative business,                emissions than over our scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions given that we must
financial, legal and regulatory consequences for the company.                              rely on the engagement and collaboration of our suppliers and other participants in
Important risk factors that could affect certain of our key ESG targets are set out        our value chain in reducing their own GHG emissions. Accordingly, failure to obtain
below.                                                                                     our suppliers’ and other participants’ engagement and collaboration could adversely
                                                                                           affect our ability to meet our scope 3 GHG emissions reduction target.
GHG emissions reduction and supplier engagement targets
                                                                                           DEIB targets
The achievement of our carbon neutrality target (which includes only our
operational GHG emissions (scope 1 and 2) and excludes scope 3 GHG                         Failure to attract and retain a certain level of diverse talent across the organization
emissions) will require that we purchase a significant quantity of carbon credits          could negatively affect our ability to meet our DEIB targets and objectives. In
and/or RECs. Should a sufficient quantity of high-quality credible carbon credits          addition, our ability to achieve such targets and objectives could also be challenged
and/or RECs be unavailable, should their cost of acquisition be considered too             by reduced labour market availability or restricted access to a diverse talent pool.
onerous, should laws, regulations, applicable standards, public perception or other
factors limit the number of carbon credits or RECs that we can purchase, should
any purchased carbon credits be subject to reversal, in whole or in part, or should
the carbon offsets not materialize, the achievement of carbon neutrality target
could be negatively impacted.


98       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
10 MD&A Accounting policies




10 Accounting policies
This section discusses key estimates and assumptions that management has made and how they affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
notes. It also describes key changes in accounting standards and our accounting policies, and how they affect our financial statements.
We have prepared our consolidated financial statements using IFRS. Other significant accounting policies, not involving the same level of measurement
uncertainty as those discussed in this section, are nevertheless important to an understanding of our financial statements. See Note 2, Material accounting
policies, in BCE’s 2023 consolidated financial statements for more information about the accounting principles we used to prepare our consolidated financial
statements.


Critical accounting estimates and key judgments
When preparing the financial statements, management makes estimates and                 The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible
judgments relating to:                                                                  assets are determined by internal asset life studies, which take into account actual
                                                                                        and expected future usage, physical wear and tear, replacement history and
• reported amounts of revenues and expenses
                                                                                        assumptions about technology evolution. When factors indicate that assets’ useful
• reported amounts of assets and liabilities                                            lives are different from the prior assessment, we depreciate or amortize the
                                                                                        remaining carrying value prospectively over the adjusted estimated useful lives.
• disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
We base our estimates on a number of factors, including but not limited to              Post-employment benefit plans
historical experience, current events, economic and financial market conditions         The amounts reported in the financial statements relating to DB pension plans and
such as interest rates, inflation and the risk of recession, geopolitical events and    OPEBs are determined using actuarial calculations that are based on several
supply chain disruptions, and actions that the company may undertake in the             assumptions.
future, as well as other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the
circumstances. A change in these assumptions may have an impact on our                  Our actuaries perform a valuation at least every three years to determine the
financial statements including but not limited to impairment testing, fair value        actuarial present value of the accrued DB pension plan and OPEB obligations. The
determination, expected credit losses and discount rates used for the present           actuarial valuation uses management’s assumptions for, among other things, the
value of cash flows. By their nature, these estimates and judgments are subject to      discount rate, life expectancy, the rate of compensation increase, cost of living
measurement uncertainty and actual results could differ. Our more significant           indexation rate, trends in healthcare costs and expected average remaining years of
estimates and judgments are described below.                                            service of employees.
We consider the estimates and judgments described in this section to be an              While we believe that these assumptions are reasonable, differences in actual
important part of understanding our financial statements because they require           results or changes in assumptions could materially affect post-employment benefit
management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the          obligations and future net post-employment benefit plans cost.
time the estimates and judgments were made, and changes to these estimates
and judgments could have a material impact on our financial statements and our          We account for differences between actual and expected results in benefit
segments.                                                                               obligations and plan performance in OCI, which are then recognized immediately in
                                                                                        the deficit.
Our senior management has reviewed the development and selection of the critical
accounting estimates and judgments described in this section with the Audit             The most significant assumptions used to calculate the net post-employment benefit
Committee of the BCE Board.                                                             plans cost are the discount rate and life expectancy.

Any sensitivity analysis included in this section should be used with caution as the    A discount rate is used to determine the present value of the future cash flows that
changes are hypothetical and the impact of changes in each key assumption may           we expect will be needed to settle post-employment benefit obligations.
not be linear.                                                                          The discount rate is based on the yield on long-term, high-quality corporate fixed
Our more significant estimates and judgments are described below.                       income investments, with maturities matching the estimated cash flows of the post-
                                                                                        employment benefit plans. Life expectancy is based on publicly available Canadian
                                                                                        mortality tables and is adjusted for the company’s specific experience.
Estimates
                                                                                        A lower discount rate and a higher life expectancy result in a higher net post-
Useful lives of property, plant and equipment                                           employment benefit obligation and a higher current service cost.
and finite-life intangible assets
We review our estimates of the useful lives of property, plant and equipment and
finite-life intangible assets on an annual basis and adjust depreciation or
amortization on a prospective basis, as required.
Property, plant and equipment represent a significant proportion of our total assets.
Changes in technology or our intended use of these assets, climate change and
our environmental, social and corporate governance initiatives as well as changes
in business prospects or economic and industry factors, may cause the estimated
useful lives of these assets to change.

                                                                                                                                                                           99
10 MD&A Accounting policies

Sensitivity analysis
The following table shows a sensitivity analysis of key assumptions used to measure the net post-employment benefit obligations and the net post-employment benefit plans
cost for our DB pension plans and OPEB plans.
                                                                                                            Impact on net post-employment            Impact on post-employment benefit
                                                                                                              benefit plans cost for 2023 –          obligations at December 31, 2023 –
                                                                                                                 increase/(decrease)                         increase/(decrease)

                                                                                              Change in        Increase in          Decrease in           Increase in         Decrease in
                                                                                             assumption       assumption            assumption           assumption           assumption

Discount rate                                                                                     0.5%                (83)                    78             (1,146)               1,255
Cost of living indexation rate                                                                    0.5%                 55                     (46)            1,007                 (822)
Life expectancy at age 65                                                                        1 year                38                     (39)              714                 (735)


Revenue from contracts with customers                                                     During the fourth quarter of 2023, we recognized $86 million of impairment charges
                                                                                          for French TV channels within our Bell Media segment. The impairment charges
We are required to make estimates that affect the amount of revenue from                  were the result of a reduction in advertising demand in the industry resulting from
contracts with customers, including estimating the stand-alone selling prices of          economic uncertainties and unfavourable impacts to market-based valuation
products and services.                                                                    assumptions. These charges included $41 million allocated to indefinite-life
For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and services when            intangible assets for broadcast licences and brands, and $45 million to finite-life
they are separately identifiable and the customer can benefit from the product or         intangible assets for program and feature film rights. The impairment was
service on its own or with other readily available resources. The total arrangement       determined by comparing the carrying value of the cash generating units (CGUs) to
consideration is allocated to each product or service included in the contract with       their fair value less cost of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the CGUs using
the customer based on its stand-alone selling price. We generally determine stand­        both discounted cash flows and market-based valuation models, which include
alone selling prices based on the observable prices at which we sell products             five-year cash flow projections derived from business plans reviewed by senior
separately without a service contract and prices for non-bundled service offers with      management for the period of October 1, 2023 to December 31, 2028, using a
the same range of services, adjusted for market conditions and other factors, as          discount rate of 9.5% and a perpetuity growth rate of 0.0%. After impairments, the
appropriate. When similar products and services are not sold separately, we use           carrying value of our impacted CGU was $62 million.
the expected cost plus margin approach to determine stand-alone selling prices.           Additionally in 2023, we recorded impairment charges of $57 million related mainly
Products and services purchased by a customer in excess of those included in the          to right-of-use assets for certain office spaces we ceased using as part of our real
bundled arrangement are accounted for separately.                                         estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.
Impairment of non-financial assets                                                        There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill.
Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually or      During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized $147 million of impairment charges
when there is an indication that the asset may be impaired. Property, plant and           for French TV channels within our Bell Media segment. The impairment charges
equipment and finite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment if events or        were the result of a reduction in advertising demand in the industry resulting from
changes in circumstances, assessed at each reporting period, indicate that their          economic uncertainties and unfavourable impacts to assumptions for discount rates.
carrying amount may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing,            These charges included $94 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for
assets other than goodwill are grouped at the lowest level for which there are            broadcast licences, and $53 million to finite-life intangible assets for program and
separately identifiable cash inflows.                                                     feature film rights. The impairment was determined by comparing the carrying value
Impairment losses are recognized and measured as the excess of the carrying               of the CGUs to their fair value less cost of disposal. We estimated the fair value of
value of the assets over their recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount          the CGUs using the discounted cash flow valuation models, which include five-year
is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Previously   cash flow projections derived from business plans reviewed by senior management
recognized impairment losses, other than those attributable to goodwill, are              for the period of October 1, 2022 to December 31, 2027, using a discount rate of
reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date and, if the asset’s                 10.3% and a perpetuity growth rate of 0.5%. After impairments, the carrying value of
recoverable amount has increased, all or a portion of the impairment is reversed.         our impacted CGUs was $109 million.

We make a number of estimates when calculating recoverable amounts using                  Additionally in 2022, we recorded impairment charges of $132 million related mainly
discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods to test for impairment.           to right-of-use assets for certain office spaces we ceased using as part of our real
These estimates include the assumed growth rates for future cash flows, the               estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.
number of years used in the cash flow model and the discount rate. When
impairment charges occur they are recorded in Impairment of assets.


100       BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
10 MD&A Accounting policies


Goodwill impairment testing                                                             Leases
We perform an annual test for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter for each of     The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make estimates that affect the
our CGUs or groups of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated, and whenever there is        measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities, including determining the
an indication that goodwill might be impaired.                                          appropriate discount rate used to measure lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are
                                                                                        initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that     commencement date, discounted using our incremental borrowing rate, unless the
are independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.              rate implicit in the lease is readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate is
We identify any potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of a CGU or        derived from publicly available risk-free interest rates, adjusted for applicable credit
group of CGUs to its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of a CGU or             spreads and lease terms. We apply a single incremental borrowing rate to a portfolio
group of CGUs is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in   of leases with similar characteristics.
use. Both fair value less costs of disposal and value in use are based on estimates
of discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods. Cash flows are              Fair value of financial instruments
projected based on past experience, actual operating results and business plans,        Certain financial instruments, such as investments in equity securities, derivative
including any impact from changes in interest rates and inflation. When the             financial instruments and certain elements of borrowings, are carried in the
recoverable amount of a CGU or group of CGUs is less than its carrying value, the       statements of financial position at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in
recoverable amount is determined for its identifiable assets and liabilities. The       the income statements and the statements of comprehensive income. Fair values
excess of the recoverable amount of the CGU or group of CGUs over the total of          are estimated by reference to published price quotations or by using other valuation
the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities is the recoverable amount of         techniques that may include inputs that are not based on observable market data,
goodwill.                                                                               such as discounted cash flows and earnings multiples.
An impairment charge is recognized in Impairment of assets in the income
statements for any excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its recoverable
                                                                                        Contingencies
amount. For purposes of impairment testing of goodwill, our CGUs or groups of           In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal
CGUs correspond to our reporting segments as disclosed in Note 3, Segmented             proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. Pending claims and legal
information, in BCE’s 2023 consolidated financial statements.                           proceedings represent a potential cost to our business. We estimate the amount of a
                                                                                        loss by analyzing potential outcomes and assuming various litigation and settlement
Any significant change in each of the estimates used could have a material impact       strategies, based on information that is available at the time.
on the calculation of the recoverable amount and resulting impairment charge. As a
result, we are unable to reasonably quantify the changes in our overall financial       If the final resolution of a legal or regulatory matter results in a judgment against us
performance if we had used different assumptions.                                       or requires us to pay a large settlement, it could have a material adverse effect on
                                                                                        our consolidated financial statements in the period in which the judgment or
We cannot predict whether an event that triggers impairment will occur, when it will    settlement occurs.
occur or how it will affect the asset values we have reported.
We believe that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions on which          Onerous contracts
the estimate of recoverable amount of the Bell CTS group of CGUs is based would         A provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the unavoidable costs of
not cause its carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.                         meeting our obligations under a contract exceed the expected benefits to be
                                                                                        received under the contract. The provision is measured at the present value of the
For the Bell Media group of CGUs, a decrease of (0.3%) in the perpetuity growth         lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of
rate or an increase of 0.2% in the discount rate would have resulted in its             completing the contract.
recoverable amount being equal to its carrying value.
There were no goodwill impairment charges in 2023 or 2022.                              Judgments
Deferred taxes                                                                          Post-employment benefit plans
                                                                                        The determination of the discount rate used to value our post-employment benefit
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected
                                                                                        obligations requires judgment. The rate is set by reference to market yields of long­
to apply when the asset or liability is recovered or settled. Both our current and
                                                                                        term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments at the beginning of each fiscal
deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated using tax rates that have been
                                                                                        year. Significant judgment is required when setting the criteria for fixed income
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
                                                                                        investments to be included in the population from which the yield curve is derived.
Deferred taxes are provided on temporary differences arising from investments in        The most significant criteria considered for the selection of investments include the
subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates, except where we control the            size of the issue and credit quality, along with the identification of outliers, which are
timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the          excluded.
temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
The amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities are estimated with consideration
given to the timing, sources and amounts of future taxable income.

                                                                                                                                                                              101
10 MD&A Accounting policies


Income taxes                                                                                  with other readily available resources. When our right to consideration from a
                                                                                              customer corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the products and
The calculation of income taxes requires judgment in interpreting tax rules and               services transferred to date, we recognize revenue in the amount to which we have
regulations. There are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax               a right to invoice. We recognize product revenues from the sale of wireless handsets
determination is uncertain. Our tax filings are also subject to audits, the outcome of        and devices and wireline equipment when a customer takes possession of the
which could change the amount of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities.             product. We recognize service revenues over time, as the services are provided.
Management believes that it has sufficient amounts accrued for outstanding tax                Revenues on certain long-term contracts are recognized using output methods
matters based on information that currently is available.                                     based on products delivered, performance completed to date, time elapsed or
Management judgment is used to determine the amounts of deferred tax assets                   milestones met.
and liabilities to be recognized. In particular, judgment is required when assessing          Additionally, the determination of costs to obtain a contract, including the
the timing of the reversal of temporary differences to which future income tax rates          identification of incremental costs, also requires judgment. Incremental costs of
are applied.                                                                                  obtaining a contract with a customer, principally comprised of sales commissions,
                                                                                              and prepaid contract fulfillment costs are included in Contract costs in the
Leases                                                                                        statements of financial position, except where the amortization period is one year or
The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make judgments that affect the                      less, in which case costs of obtaining a contract are immediately expensed.
measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities. A lease contract conveys the              Capitalized costs are amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the
right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for          period and pattern of transfer to the customer of the related products or services.
consideration. At inception of the contract, we assess whether the contract
contains an identified asset, whether we have the right to obtain substantially all of        CGUs
the economic benefits from use of the asset and whether we have the right to                  The determination of CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose of impairment testing
direct how and for what purpose the asset is used. In determining the lease term,             requires judgment.
we include periods covered by renewal options when we are reasonably certain to
exercise those options. Similarly, we include periods covered by termination                  Contingencies
options when we are reasonably certain not to exercise those options. To assess if
we are reasonably certain to exercise an option, we consider all facts and                    The determination of whether a loss is probable from claims and legal proceedings
circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise renewal options (or               and whether an outflow of resources is likely requires judgment.
not exercise termination options). Economic incentives include the costs related to
                                                                                              We accrue a potential loss if we believe a loss is probable and an outflow of
the termination of the lease, the significance of any leasehold improvements and
                                                                                              resources is likely and can be reasonably estimated, based on information that is
the importance of the underlying assets to our operations.
                                                                                              available at the time. Any accrual would be charged to earnings and included in
                                                                                              Trade payables and other liabilities or Other non-current liabilities. Any payment as a
Revenue from contracts with customers                                                         result of a judgment or cash settlement would be deducted from cash from operating
The identification of performance obligations within a contract and the timing of             activities. We estimate the amount of a loss by analyzing potential outcomes and
satisfaction of performance obligations under long-term contracts requires                    assuming various litigation and settlement strategies.
judgment. For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and
services when they are separately identifiable and the customer can benefit from
the product or service on its own or



Adoption of amended accounting standards
As required, we adopted the following amendments to accounting standards issued by the IASB.
Standard                           Description                                                                   Impact

Disclosure of Accounting           These amendments require that entities disclose material accounting           These amendments were adopted effective with our annual financial
Policies – Amendments              policies, as defined, instead of significant accounting policies.             statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 and did not result in any
to IAS 1 – Presentation                                                                                          significant changes to our financial statements.
of Financial Statements

International Tax                  These amendments require that entities apply IAS 12 to income taxes arising   In May 2023, we adopted the amendments to IAS 12 retrospectively. As
Reform – Pillar Two Model          from tax law enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two     required, we applied the exception and do not recognize or disclose
Rules – Amendments                 model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and       information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two.
to IAS 12 – Income Taxes           Development, including tax law that implements qualified domestic minimum
                                   top-up taxes described in those rules (Pillar Two). As an exception to the    The adoption of these amendments did not have a significant impact on our
                                   requirements in IAS 12, entities do not recognize or disclose information     financial statements.
                                   about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two.

102        BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)




11 Non-GAAP financial measures,
   other financial measures and
   key performance indicators (KPIs)
BCE uses various financial measures to assess its business performance. Certain         • Non-GAAP ratios;
of these measures are calculated in accordance with IFRS or GAAP while certain
                                                                                        • Total of segments measures;
other measures do not have a standardized meaning under GAAP. We believe that
our GAAP financial measures, read together with adjusted non-GAAP and other             • Capital management measures; and
financial measures, provide readers with a better understanding of how
                                                                                        • Supplementary financial measures.
management assesses BCE’s performance.
                                                                                        This section provides a description and classification of the specified financial
National Instrument 52-112, Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure
                                                                                        measures contemplated by NI 52-112 that we use to explain our financial results
(NI 52-112), prescribes disclosure requirements that apply to the following
                                                                                        except that, for supplementary financial measures, an explanation of such measures
specified financial measures:
                                                                                        is provided where they are first referred to in this MD&A if the supplementary
• Non-GAAP financial measures;                                                          financial measures’ labelling is not sufficiently descriptive.



11.1 Non-GAAP financial measures
A non-GAAP financial measure is a financial measure used to depict our historical       non-GAAP financial measures are reflective of our ongoing operating results and
or expected future financial performance, financial position or cash flow and, with     provide readers with an understanding of management’s perspective on and
respect to its composition, either excludes an amount that is included in, or           analysis of our performance.
includes an amount that is excluded from, the composition of the most directly
comparable financial measure disclosed in BCE’s consolidated primary financial          Below are descriptions of the non-GAAP financial measures that we use to explain
statements. We believe that                                                             our results as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable IFRS financial
                                                                                        measures.


Adjusted net earnings
The term adjusted net earnings does not have any standardized meaning under             We use adjusted net earnings and we believe that certain investors and analysts use
IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by       this measure, among other ones, to assess the performance of our businesses
other issuers.                                                                          without the effects of severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market
                                                                                        losses (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
We define adjusted net earnings as net earnings attributable to common                  compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on investments in associates and joint
shareholders before severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market          ventures, net losses (gains) on investments, early debt redemption costs,
losses (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-          impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net of tax and NCI. We exclude
based compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on investments in associates        these items because they affect the comparability of our financial results and could
and joint ventures, net losses (gains) on investments, early debt redemption costs,     potentially distort the analysis of trends in business performance. Excluding these
impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net of tax and NCI.                   items does not imply they are non-recurring.
                                                                                        The most directly comparable IFRS financial measure is net earnings attributable to
                                                                                        common shareholders.

                                                                                                                                                                         103
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)

The following table is a reconciliation of net earnings attributable to common shareholders to adjusted net earnings on a consolidated basis.

                                                                                                                                  Q4 2023                Q4 2022                   2023                   2022

Net earnings attributable to common shareholders                                                                                      382                    528                  2,076                 2,716
Reconciling items:
   Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                              41                     19                    200                     94
   Net mark-to-market (gains) losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
      compensation plans                                                                                                                (6)                  (27)                   103                     53
   Net equity losses on investments in associates and joint ventures                                                                  204                       –                   581                     42
   Net (gains) losses on investments                                                                                                    (2)                   29                    (80)                   (24)
   Early debt redemption costs                                                                                                           –                      –                      1                    18
   Impairment of assets                                                                                                               109                    150                    143                    279
   Income taxes for the above reconciling items                                                                                        (39)                  (37)                  (100)                  (117)
   NCI for the above reconciling items                                                                                                   2                     (8)                     2                     (4)

Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                                 691                    654                  2,926                 3,057




Adjusted net interest expense
The term adjusted net interest expense does not have any standardized meaning                     ratio and the net debt leverage ratio, we are simplifying our internal targets to reflect
under IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures                        the net debt leverage ratio only and will not report against adjusted EBITDA to
presented by other issuers.                                                                       adjusted net interest expense in the future. We believe that this ratio is of less
                                                                                                  relative importance to our investors, lenders and other stakeholders as a measure of
We define adjusted net interest expense as twelve-month trailing net interest                     the strength of our capital structure.
expense as shown in our consolidated statements of cash flows, plus 50% of
twelve-month trailing net earnings attributable to preferred shareholders as shown                The most directly comparable IFRS financial measure is net interest expense. The
in our consolidated income statements.                                                            following table is a reconciliation of net interest expense to adjusted net interest
                                                                                                  expense on a consolidated basis.
Adjusted net interest expense is a component in the calculation of the adjusted
EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio, which is a capital management                                                                                                       2023                   2022
measure. For further details on the adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest
expense ratio, see section 11.4, Capital management measures. In 2022 and                         Net interest expense                                                            1,408                  1,124
2023, we used, and believe that certain investors and analysts used, the adjusted                 50% of net earnings attributable to preferred
EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio, among other measures, to evaluate                    shareholders                                                                     94                     76
the financial health of the company. However, given the correlation between this                  Adjusted net interest expense                                                   1,502                  1,200




Available liquidity
The term available liquidity does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS.                   The following table is a reconciliation of cash to available liquidity on a consolidated
Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other                 basis.
issuers.
                                                                                                                                                                     December 31, 2023     December 31, 2022
We define available liquidity as cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and
amounts available under our securitized receivables program and our committed                     Cash                                                                              547                     99
bank credit facilities, excluding credit facilities that are available exclusively for a          Cash equivalents                                                                  225                     50
pre-determined purpose. In Q4 2023, we updated our definition of available                        Short-term investments                                                         1,000                        –
liquidity to account for short-term investments as these funds are liquid and can be              Amounts available under our securitized receivables
used to meet our cash requirements. This change does not impact the available                        program (1)                                                                    700                    700
liquidity amounts previously presented.                                                           Amounts available under our committed bank credit
                                                                                                    facilities (2)                                                               3,303                   2,651
We consider available liquidity to be an important indicator of the financial strength
and performance of our businesses because it shows the funds available to meet                    Available liquidity                                                            5,775                   3,500
our cash requirements, including for, but not limited to, capital expenditures, post-
employment benefit plans funding, dividend payments, the payment of contractual                   (1) At December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, $700 million was available under our securitized receivables
                                                                                                      program, under which we borrowed $1,200 million in U.S. dollars ($1,588 million in Canadian dollars) and
obligations, maturing debt, ongoing operations, the acquisition of spectrum, and                      $1,173 million in U.S. dollars ($1,588 million in Canadian dollars) as at December 31, 2023 and
other cash requirements. We believe that certain investors and analysts use                           December 31, 2022, respectively. Loans secured by receivables are included in Debt due within one year in
available liquidity to evaluate the financial strength and performance of our                         our consolidated financial statements.
businesses. The most directly comparable IFRS financial measure is cash.                          (2) At December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, $3,303 million and $2,651 million were
                                                                                                      available under our committed bank credit facilities, given outstanding commercial paper of $149 million in
                                                                                                      U.S. dollars ($197 million in Canadian dollars) and $627 million in U.S. dollars ($849 million in Canadian
                                                                                                      dollars) as at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. Commercial paper outstanding is
                                                                                                      included in Debt due within one year in our consolidated financial statements.


104      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)


Free cash flow and excess free cash flow
The terms free cash flow and excess free cash flow do not have any standardized            We define excess free cash flow as free cash flow less dividends paid on common
meaning under IFRS. Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar               shares.
measures presented by other issuers.
                                                                                           We consider free cash flow and excess free cash flow to be important indicators of
We define free cash flow as cash flows from operating activities, excluding cash           the financial strength and performance of our businesses. Free cash flow shows how
from discontinued operations, acquisition and other costs paid (which include              much cash is available to pay dividends on common shares, repay debt and reinvest
significant litigation costs) and voluntary pension funding, less capital expenditures,    in our company. Excess free cash flow shows how much cash is available to repay
preferred share dividends and dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI. We exclude            debt and reinvest in our company, after the payment of dividends on common
cash from discontinued operations, acquisition and other costs paid and voluntary          shares. We believe that certain investors and analysts use free cash flow and
pension funding because they affect the comparability of our financial results and         excess free cash flow to value a business and its underlying assets and to evaluate
could potentially distort the analysis of trends in business performance. Excluding        the financial strength and performance of our businesses. The most directly
these items does not imply they are non-recurring.                                         comparable IFRS financial measure is cash flows from operating activities.

The following tables provide reconciliations of cash flows from operating activities to free cash flow and excess free cash flow on a consolidated basis.

                                                                                                      2023            Q4 2023        Q3 2023             Q2 2023             Q1 2023

Cash flows from operating activities                                                               7,946               2,373           1,961              2,365                1,247
Capital expenditures                                                                              (4,581)             (1,029)         (1,159)             (1,307)             (1,086)
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                               (182)              (46)            (35)                (46)                (55)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI                                                             (47)              (12)            (13)                 (1)                (21)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                         8                 3               –                   5                   –
Free cash flow                                                                                     3,144               1,289            754               1,016                   85
Dividends paid on common shares                                                                   (3,486)               (882)           (883)               (882)               (839)

Excess free cash flow                                                                                 (342)              407            (129)               134                 (754)


                                                                                   2022           Q4 2022             Q3 2022        Q2 2022             Q1 2022                2021

Cash flows from operating activities                                              8,365               2,056             1,996          2,597               1,716               8,008
Capital expenditures                                                             (5,133)           (1,638)             (1,317)        (1,219)               (959)             (4,852)
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                            (136)                (42)              (27)           (34)                (33)               (125)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI                                          (39)                 (3)              (11)           (14)                (11)                (86)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                     10                   3                 1              3                   3                  35
Free cash flow                                                                    3,067                376               642           1,333                716                2,980
Dividends paid on common shares                                                  (3,312)               (839)             (839)          (839)               (795)             (3,132)

Excess free cash flow                                                              (245)               (463)             (197)           494                 (79)               (152)




Net debt
The term net debt does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS.                       Net debt is calculated using several asset and liability categories from the
Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other          statements of financial position. The most directly comparable IFRS financial
issuers.                                                                                   measure is long-term debt. The following table is a reconciliation of long-term debt to
                                                                                           net debt on a consolidated basis.
We define net debt as debt due within one year plus long-term debt and 50% of
preferred shares, less cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, as                                                                    December 31, 2023   December 31, 2022
shown in BCE’s consolidated statements of financial position. We include 50% of
outstanding preferred shares in our net debt as it is consistent with the treatment        Long-term debt                                                 31,135              27,783
by certain credit rating agencies. In Q4 2023, we updated our definition of net debt       Debt due within one year                                        5,042               4,137
to account for short-term investments as these funds are liquid and may be used to         50% of preferred shares                                         1,834               1,935
repay the debt due within one year. This change does not impact the net debt               Cash                                                             (547)                (99)
amounts previously presented.                                                              Cash equivalents                                                 (225)                (50)
We consider net debt to be an important indicator of the company’s financial               Short-term investments                                         (1,000)                  –
leverage because it represents the amount of debt that is not covered by available         Net debt                                                       36,239              33,706
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. We believe that certain
investors and analysts use net debt to determine a company’s financial leverage.

                                                                                                                                                                                  105
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)



11.2 Non-GAAP ratios
A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure disclosed in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation and that has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or
more of its components.


Adjusted EPS
The term adjusted EPS does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS.                businesses without the effects of severance, acquisition and other costs, net
Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other       mark-to-market losses (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity
issuers.                                                                                settled share-based compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on investments in
                                                                                        associates and joint ventures, net losses (gains) on investments, early debt
We define adjusted EPS as adjusted net earnings per BCE common share.                   redemption costs, impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net of tax and
Adjusted net earnings is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further details on           NCI. We exclude these items because they affect the comparability of our financial
adjusted net earnings, see section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures.                   results and could potentially distort the analysis of trends in business performance.
We use adjusted EPS, and we believe that certain investors and analysts use this        Excluding these items does not imply they are non-recurring.
measure, among other ones, to assess the performance of our


Dividend payout ratio
The term dividend payout ratio does not have any standardized meaning under             measure. For further details on free cash flow, see section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial
IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by       measures.
other issuers.
                                                                                        We consider dividend payout ratio to be an important indicator of the financial
We define dividend payout ratio as dividends paid on common shares divided by           strength and performance of our businesses because it shows the sustainability of
free cash flow. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial                                  the company’s dividend payments.




11.3 Total of segments measures
A total of segments measure is a financial measure that is a subtotal or total of 2 or more reportable segments and is disclosed within the Notes to BCE’s consolidated
primary financial statements.


Adjusted EBITDA
We define adjusted EBITDA as operating revenues less operating costs as shown in BCE’s consolidated income statements.
The most directly comparable IFRS financial measure is net earnings. The following tables provide reconciliations of net earnings to adjusted EBITDA on a consolidated
basis.

                                                                                                 2023          Q4 2023           Q3 2023           Q2 2023           Q1 2023

Net earnings                                                                                    2,327              435              707               397               788
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                           200                41                10              100                49
Depreciation                                                                                    3,745              954              937               936               918
Amortization                                                                                    1,173              299              295               296               283
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                             1,475              399              373               359               344
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                                   (108)             (27)              (27)              (27)             (27)
Impairment of assets                                                                             143               109                –                 –                34
Other expense (income)                                                                           466               147              129               311              (121)
Income taxes                                                                                     996               210              243               273               270
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                10,417            2,567             2,667             2,645            2,538

106      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)

                                                                                2022           Q4 2022           Q3 2022           Q2 2022           Q1 2022              2021

Net earnings                                                                   2,926              567               771               654                934             2,892
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                            94               19                22                40                 13               209
Depreciation                                                                   3,660              922               914               933                891             3,627
Amortization                                                                   1,063              270               267               266                260               982
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                            1,146              319               298               269                260             1,082
   Net (return) expense on post-employment benefit plans                         (51)             (13)              (13)                (7)              (18)               20
Impairment of assets                                                            279               150                21               106                  2               197
Other expense (income)                                                          115               (19)              130                97                (93)             (160)
Income taxes                                                                    967               222               178               232                335             1,044

Adjusted EBITDA                                                               10,199            2,437             2,588              2,590             2,584             9,893




11.4 Capital management measures
A capital management measure is a financial measure that is intended to enable a        The financial reporting framework used to prepare the financial statements requires
reader to evaluate our objectives, policies and processes for managing our capital      disclosure that helps readers assess the company’s capital management objectives,
and is disclosed within the Notes to BCE’s consolidated financial statements.           policies, and processes, as set out in IFRS in IAS 1 – Presentation of Financial
                                                                                        Statements. BCE has its own methods for managing capital and liquidity, and IFRS
                                                                                        does not prescribe any particular calculation method.


Adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio
The adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio represents adjusted          In 2022 and 2023, we used, and believe that certain investors and analysts used,
EBITDA divided by adjusted net interest expense. For the purposes of calculating        the adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio, among other measures,
our adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio, adjusted EBITDA is          to evaluate the financial health of the company. However, given the correlation
twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted net interest expense used in the        between this ratio and the net debt leverage ratio, we are simplifying our internal
calculation of the adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio is a          targets to reflect the net debt leverage ratio only and will not report against adjusted
non-GAAP financial measure defined as twelve-month trailing net interest expense        EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense in the future. We believe that this ratio is of
as shown in our consolidated statements of cash flows, plus 50% of twelve-month         less relative importance to our investors, lenders and other stakeholders as a
trailing net earnings attributable to preferred shareholders as shown in our            measure of the strength of our capital structure.
consolidated income statements. For further details on adjusted net interest
expense, see section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures.


Net debt leverage ratio
The net debt leverage ratio represents net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA. Net         We use, and believe that certain investors and analysts use, the net debt leverage
debt used in the calculation of the net debt leverage ratio is a non-GAAP financial     ratio as a measure of financial leverage.
measure. For further details on net debt, see section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial
measures. For the purposes of calculating our net debt leverage ratio, adjusted
EBITDA is twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA.

                                                                                                                                                                            107
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)



11.5 Supplementary financial measures
A supplementary financial measure is a financial measure that is not reported in                  An explanation of such measures is provided where they are first referred to in this
BCE’s consolidated financial statements, and is, or is intended to be, reported                   MD&A if the supplementary financial measures’ labelling is not sufficiently
periodically to represent historical or expected future financial performance,                    descriptive.
financial position, or cash flows.




11.6 KPIs
In addition to the non-GAAP financial measures and other financial measures described previously, we use the following KPIs to measure the success of our strategic
imperatives. These KPIs are not accounting measures and may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.

KPI                               Definition
Adjusted EBITDA margin            Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by operating revenues.

ARPU                              Effective Q1 2023, as a result of the segment reporting changes impacting intersegment eliminations, ARPU has been updated and is defined as Bell CTS
                                  wireless external services revenues (previously wireless operating service revenues) divided by the average mobile phone subscriber base for the specified
                                  period, expressed as a dollar unit per month.
Capital intensity                 Capital intensity is defined as capital expenditures divided by operating revenues.

Churn                             Mobile phone churn is the rate at which existing mobile phone subscribers cancel their services. It is a measure of our ability to retain our customers. Mobile
                                  phone churn is calculated by dividing the number of mobile phone deactivations during a given period by the average number of mobile phone subscribers in
                                  the base for the specified period and is expressed as a percentage per month.
Subscriber unit                   Mobile phone subscriber unit is comprised of a recurring revenue-generating portable unit (e.g. smartphones and feature phones) on an active service plan,
                                  that has access to our wireless networks and includes voice, text and/or data connectivity. We report mobile phone subscriber units in two categories:
                                  postpaid and prepaid. Prepaid mobile phone subscriber units are considered active for a period of 90 days following the expiry of the subscriber’s prepaid
                                  balance.
                                  Mobile connected device subscriber unit is comprised of a recurring revenue-generating portable unit (e.g. tablets, wearables, mobile Internet devices and
                                  IoT) on an active service plan, that has access to our wireless networks and is intended for limited or no cellular voice capability.
                                  Wireline subscriber unit consists of an active revenue-generating unit with access to our services, including retail Internet, satellite TV, IPTV, and/or residential
                                  NAS. A subscriber is included in our subscriber base when the service has been installed and is operational at the customer premise and a billing relationship
                                  has been established.
                                  • Retail Internet, IPTV and satellite TV subscribers have access to stand-alone services, and are primarily represented by a dwelling unit
                                  • Retail residential NAS subscribers are based on a line count and are represented by a unique telephone number

108      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
12 MD&A Effectiveness of internal controls




12 Effectiveness of internal controls
Disclosure controls and procedures
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable             As at December 31, 2023, management evaluated, under the supervision of and
assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or         with the participation of the CEO and the CFO, the effectiveness of our disclosure
submitted under Canadian and U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed,             controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the U.S. Securities
summarized and reported within the time periods specified under those laws, and       Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and under National Instrument 52-109 –
include controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that the information is   Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings.
accumulated and communicated to management, including BCE’s President and
CEO and Executive Vice-President and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding         Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls
required disclosure.                                                                  and procedures were effective as at December 31, 2023.



Internal control over financial reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal          Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the
control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the U.S.         CEO and the CFO, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and under National Instrument            as at December 31, 2023, based on the criteria established in Internal Control –
52-109. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under     Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
the supervision of the CEO and CFO, and effected by the Board, management and         of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
other personnel of BCE, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external       Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our internal control over
purposes in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. However, because of its       financial reporting was effective as at December 31, 2023.
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements on a timely basis.


Changes in internal control over financial reporting
No changes were made in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
                                                                                                                                                                     109
                                                          EXHIBIT 99.3



Consolidated financial statements
Table of Contents
Management's responsibility for financial reporting                 2
Report of independent registered public accounting firm             3
Consolidated income statements                                      5
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income                     6
Consolidated statements of financial position                       7
Consolidated statements of changes in equity                        8
Consolidated statements of cash flows                               9
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                         10
 Note 1 Corporate information                                      10
 Note 2 Material accounting policies                               10
 Note 3 Segmented information                                      23
 Note 4 Business acquisitions and disposition                      26
 Note 5 Operating costs                                            30
 Note 6 Severance, acquisition and other costs                     30
 Note 7 Interest expense                                           30
 Note 8 Impairment of assets                                       31
 Note 9 Other expense                                              32
 Note 10 Income taxes                                              33
 Note 11 Earnings per share                                        35
 Note 12 Trade and other receivables                               35
 Note 13 Inventory                                                 36
 Note 14 Contract assets and liabilities                           36
 Note 15 Contract costs                                            37
 Note 16 Assets held for sale                                      37
 Note 17 Property, plant and equipment                             38
 Note 18 Leases                                                    40
 Note 19 Intangible assets                                         42
 Note 20 Investments in associates and joint ventures              44
 Note 21 Other non-current assets                                  44
 Note 22 Goodwill                                                  45
 Note 23 Trade payables and other liabilities                      46
 Note 24 Debt due within one year                                  46
 Note 25 Long-term debt                                            48
 Note 26 Provisions                                                50
 Note 27 Post-employment benefit plans                             50
 Note 28 Other non-current liabilities                             54
 Note 29 Financial and capital management                          55
 Note 30 Share capital                                             61
 Note 31 Share-based payments                                      63
 Note 32 Additional cash flow information                          66
 Note 33 Remaining performance obligations                         67
 Note 34 Commitments and contingencies                             68
 Note 35 Related party transactions                                69
 Note 36 Significant partly-owned subsidiary                       70
Management's responsibility for financial reporting
These financial statements form the basis for all of the financial information that appears in this report.
The financial statements and all of the information in this report are the responsibility of the management of BCE Inc. (BCE)
and have been reviewed and approved by the board of directors. The board of directors is responsible for ensuring that
management fulfills its financial reporting responsibilities. Deloitte LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, have
audited the financial statements.
Management has prepared the financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Under these principles, management has made certain estimates
and assumptions that are reflected in the financial statements and notes. Management believes that these financial
statements fairly present BCE’s consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
Management has a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements are
accurate and complete in all material respects. This is supported by an internal audit group that reports to the Audit
Committee, and includes communication with employees about policies for ethical business conduct. Management believes
that the internal controls provide reasonable assurance that our financial records are reliable and form a proper basis for
preparing the financial statements, and that our assets are properly accounted for and safeguarded.
The board of directors has appointed an Audit Committee, which is made up of unrelated and independent directors. The Audit
Committee’s responsibilities include reviewing the financial statements and other information in this report, and recommending
them to the board of directors for approval. You will find a description of the Audit Committee’s other responsibilities in this
report. The internal auditors and the shareholders’ auditors have free and independent access to the Audit Committee.


(signed) Mirko Bibic
President and Chief Executive Officer


(signed) Curtis Millen
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer


(signed) Thierry Chaumont
Senior Vice-President, Controller and Tax
March 7, 2024




                                                                                                                                  2
Report of independent registered public accounting firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BCE Inc.

Opinion on the financial statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of BCE Inc. and subsidiaries (the
"Company") as at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated income statements, statements of comprehensive
income, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and its financial performance and
its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission and our report dated March 7, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over
financial reporting.

Basis for opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether
due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also
included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical audit matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that
are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on
the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Goodwill and intangible assets - Bell Media group - refer to notes 2N, 8, 19 and 22 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets for the Bell Media group of cash generating units (“Bell Media”) are tested
annually or when there is an indication that the asset may be impaired. As a result of the annual assessment of impairment of
goodwill and intangible assets for Bell Media, management has determined that there is no impairment of goodwill and there
is an impairment for intangible assets relating to the French TV channels.

When testing goodwill and intangible assets for Bell Media, while there are several assumptions that are required to determine
the recoverable amount, the judgments with the highest degree of subjectivity and impact, are the operating cash flow
projections, and the determination of discount rates and perpetuity growth rates (“significant assumptions”). Changes in these
significant assumptions could have a significant impact on the recoverable amount




                                                                                                                                 3
of Bell Media, resulting in an impairment charge to goodwill and/or intangible assets as required. Auditing the significant
assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort, which included the
involvement of fair value specialists.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to the significant assumptions used by management to determine the recoverable amount for
Bell Media included the following, among others:

•   Evaluated the effectiveness of controls over the assessment of goodwill and intangible assets for impairment, including
    those over the significant assumptions;

•   Evaluated management’s ability to accurately project future operating cash flows by comparing actual results to
    management’s historical projections;

•   Evaluated the reasonableness of management’s operating cash flow projections by comparing the projections to:
       • Historical operating cash flows;
       • Analyst and industry reports for the Company and certain of its peer companies, and other relevant publicly
           available information;
       • Known changes in Bell Media’s operations and the industry in which it operates, and the current economic
           uncertainty from inflationary pressures, which are expected to impact future operating performance;
       • Internal communications to management and the Board of Directors;

•   With the assistance of fair value specialists, evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) discount rates, and (2) perpetuity
    growth rates by:
        • Testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rates;
        • Reviewing relevant internal and external information, including analyst and industry reports, to assess the
            reasonability of the selected discount rates and perpetuity growth rates;
        • Developing ranges of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates and perpetuity growth
            rates selected by management.




/s/ Deloitte LLP

Chartered Professional Accountants
Montréal, Canada
March 7, 2024

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1880.




                                                                                                                                4
Consolidated income statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)                        NOTE        2023       2022
Operating revenues                                                                  3    24,673     24,174
Operating costs                                                               3,    5   (14,256)   (13,975)
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                              6      (200)       (94)
Depreciation                                                                       17    (3,745)    (3,660)
Amortization                                                                       19    (1,173)    (1,063)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                 7    (1,475)    (1,146)
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                     27       108         51
Impairment of assets                                                      8, 17,   19      (143)      (279)
Other expense                                                                       9      (466)      (115)
Income taxes                                                                       10      (996)      (967)
Net Earnings                                                                              2,327      2,926
Net earnings attributable to:
   Common shareholders                                                                    2,076      2,716
   Preferred shareholders                                                                   187        152
   Non-controlling interest                                                        36        64         58
Net earnings                                                                              2,327      2,926
Net earnings per common share - basic and diluted                                  11      2.28       2.98
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic (millions)                   912.2      911.5




                                                                                                             5
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)                                                                  NOTE    2023     2022
Net earnings                                                                                              2,327    2,926
Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income taxes
  Items that will be subsequently reclassified to net earnings
      Net change in value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, net of income taxes of
        $93 million and $118 million for 2023 and 2022, respectively                                      (257)    (321)
  Items that will not be reclassified to net earnings
      Actuarial (losses) gains on post-employment benefit plans, net of income taxes of $149
        million and ($151) million for 2023 and 2022, respectively                                   27   (404)     415
      Net change in value of publicly-traded and privately-held investments, net of income taxes
        of ($50) million and ($19) million for 2023 and 2022, respectively                                 325       30
      Net change in value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, net of income taxes of
        $5 million and ($21) million for 2023 and 2022, respectively                                        (12)      58
Other comprehensive (loss) income                                                                          (348)     182
Total comprehensive income                                                                                1,979    3,108
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
 Common shareholders                                                                                      1,731    2,891
 Preferred shareholders                                                                                     187      152
 Non-controlling interest                                                                            36      61       65
Total comprehensive income                                                                                1,979    3,108




                                                                                                                           6
Consolidated statements of financial position
                                                         December 31,    December 31,
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)                 NOTE          2023            2022
ASSETS
Current assets
   Cash                                                           547             99
   Cash equivalents                                               225             50
   Short-term investments                                       1,000             —
   Trade and other receivables                      12          4,031          4,138
   Inventory                                        13            465            656
   Contract assets                                 14             443            436
   Contract costs                                  15             633            540
   Prepaid expenses                                               230            244
   Other current assets                                           264            324
   Assets held for sale                             16             60             —
Total current assets                                            7,898          6,487
Non-current assets
   Contract assets                                 14             292            288
   Contract costs                                  15             779            603
   Property, plant and equipment                   17          30,352         29,256
   Intangible assets                                19         16,609         16,183
   Deferred tax assets                              10             96             84
   Investments in associates and joint ventures     20            323            608
   Post-employment benefit assets                   27          2,935          3,559
   Other non-current assets                        21           1,714          1,355
   Goodwill                                         22         10,942         10,906
Total non-current assets                                       64,042         62,842
Total assets                                                   71,940         69,329
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
   Trade payables and other liabilities             23          4,729          5,221
   Contract liabilities                             14            811            857
   Interest payable                                               332            281
   Dividends payable                                              910            867
   Current tax liabilities                                        268            106
   Debt due within one year                         24          5,042          4,137
   Liabilities held for sale                        16             15             —
Total current liabilities                                      12,107         11,469
Non-current liabilities
   Contract liabilities                             14            277            228
   Long-term debt                                   25         31,135         27,783
   Deferred tax liabilities                         10          4,869          4,953
   Post-employment benefit obligations              27          1,278          1,311
   Other non-current liabilities                    28          1,717          1,070
Total non-current liabilities                                  39,276         35,345
Total liabilities                                              51,383         46,814
Commitments and contingencies                       34
EQUITY
Equity attributable to BCE shareholders
   Preferred shares                                 30          3,667          3,870
   Common shares                                    30         20,859         20,840
   Contributed surplus                              30          1,258          1,172
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss                           (42)           (55)
   Deficit                                                     (5,513)        (3,649)
Total equity attributable to BCE shareholders                  20,229         22,178
Non-controlling interest                            36            328            337
Total equity                                                   20,557         22,515
Total liabilities and equity                                   71,940         69,329




                                                                                       7
Consolidated statements of changes in equity
                                                   ATTRIBUTABLE TO BCE SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                          ACCUM-
                                                                          ULATED
                                                                           OTHER
                                                                         COMPRE-                              NON-
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                                CONTRI-   HENSIVE                            CONTR-
2023 (IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN             PREFERRED COMMON      BUTED       (LOSS)                          OLLING     TOTAL
DOLLARS)                             NOTE    SHARES SHARES SURPLUS        INCOME DEFICIT            TOTAL INTEREST    EQUITY
Balance at December 31, 2022                    3,870       20,840    1,172        (55)   (3,649)   22,178    337     22,515
Net earnings                                       —            —        —          —      2,263     2,263     64      2,327
Other comprehensive income (loss)                  —            —        —          59      (404)     (345)    (3)      (348)
Total comprehensive income                         —            —        —          59     1,859     1,918     61      1,979
Common shares issued under
   employee stock option plan           30         —           19       (1)         —         —         18      —         18
Other share-based compensation          30         —           —        24          —        (23)        1      —          1
Repurchase of preferred shares          30       (203)         —        63          —         —       (140)     —       (140)
Dividends declared on BCE common
  and preferred shares                             —            —       —           —     (3,717)   (3,717)     —     (3,717)
Dividends declared by subsidiaries
  to non-controlling interest                      —            —       —           —         —         —      (47)      (47)
Settlement of cash flow hedges
  transferred to the cost basis of
  hedged items                                     —            —        —         (29)       —        (29)    —         (29)
Disposition of production studios       4          —            —        —          —         —         —     (23)       (23)
Other                                                           —        —         (17)       17        —      —          —
Balance at December 31, 2023                    3,667       20,859    1,258        (42)   (5,513)   20,229    328     20,557

                                                         ATTRIBUTABLE TO BCE SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                              ACCUMU-
                                                                                  LATED
                                                                                OTHER
                                                                              COMPRE-                         NON-
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                             CONTRI-           HENSIVE                       CONTR-
2022 (IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN             PREFERRED COMMON   BUTED             INCOME                       OLLING     TOTAL
DOLLARS)                             NOTE    SHARES SHARES SURPLUS               (LOSS) DEFICIT     TOTAL INTEREST    EQUITY
Balance at December 31, 2021                    4,003       20,662    1,157        213    (3,400)   22,635    306     22,941
Net earnings                                       —            —        —          —      2,868     2,868     58      2,926
Other comprehensive (loss) income                  —            —        —        (238)      413       175      7        182
Total comprehensive (loss) income                  —            —        —        (238)    3,281     3,043     65      3,108
Common shares issued under
   employee stock option plan           30         —          177       (6)         —         —        171      —        171
Other share-based compensation          30         —            1       13          —        (41)      (27)     —        (27)
Repurchase of preferred shares          30       (133)         —         8          —         —       (125)     —       (125)
Dividends declared on BCE
   common and preferred shares                     —            —        —          —     (3,508)   (3,508)     —     (3,508)
Dividends declared by subsidiaries
    to non-controlling interest                    —            —        —          —         —         —      (39)      (39)
Settlement of cash flow hedges
  transferred to the cost basis of
  hedged items                                     —            —        —         (11)       —        (11)    —         (11)
Other                                              —            —        —         (19)       19        —       5          5
Balance at December 31, 2022                    3,870       20,840    1,172        (55)   (3,649)   22,178    337     22,515




                                                                                                                            8
Consolidated statements of cash flows
  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
  (IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)                                                  NOTE       2023      2022
  Cash flows from operating activities
  Net earnings                                                                                2,327     2,926
  Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash flows from operating activities
     Severance, acquisition and other costs                                               6      200        94
     Depreciation and amortization                                                17 ,   19    4,918     4,723
     Post-employment benefit plans cost                                                  27       98       198
     Net interest expense                                                                      1,408     1,124
     Impairment of assets                                                                 8      143       279
     Gains on investments                                                                 9      (80)      (24)
     Net equity losses from investments in associates and joint ventures                  9      581        42
     Income taxes                                                                        10      996       967
     Contributions to post-employment benefit plans                                      27      (52)     (140)
     Payments under other post-employment benefit plans                                  27      (64)      (64)
     Severance and other costs paid                                                             (178)     (129)
     Interest paid                                                                            (1,486)   (1,197)
     Income taxes paid (net of refunds)                                                         (700)     (749)
     Acquisition and other costs paid                                                             (8)      (10)
     Change in contract assets                                                           14      (11)      (59)
     Change in wireless device financing plan receivables                                12      (46)       22
     Net change in operating assets and liabilities                                             (100)      362
  Cash flows from operating activities                                                         7,946     8,365
  Cash flows used in investing activities
     Capital expenditures                                                                 3   (4,581)   (5,133)
     Short-term investments                                                                   (1,000)       —
     Business acquisitions                                                                4     (222)     (429)
     Business disposition                                                          4,     9      209        52
     Spectrum licences                                                                   19     (183)       (3)
     Other investing activities                                                                   (4)       (4)
  Cash flows used in investing activities                                                     (5,781)   (5,517)
  Cash flow used in financing activities
     (Decrease) increase in notes payable                                                       (646)      111
     Increase in securitized receivables                                                 24       —        700
     Issue of long-term debt                                                             25    5,195     1,951
     Repayment of long-term debt                                                         25   (1,858)   (2,023)
     Repurchase of financial liability                                                   29     (149)       —
     Issue of common shares                                                              30       18       171
     Purchase of shares for settlement of share-based payments                           31     (223)     (255)
     Repurchase of preferred shares                                                      30     (140)     (125)
     Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                     (3,486)   (3,312)
     Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                    (182)     (136)
     Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest                             (47)      (39)
     Other financing activities                                                                  (24)      (31)
  Cash flow used in financing activities                                                      (1,542)   (2,988)
  Net increase (decrease) in cash                                                                448      (190)
  Cash at beginning of year                                                                       99       289
  Cash at end of year                                                                            547        99
  Net increase in cash equivalents                                                               175        50
  Cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                           50        —
  Cash equivalents at end of year                                                                225        50




                                                                                                                  9
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
We, us, our, BCE and the company mean, as the context may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively, BCE Inc., Bell
Canada, their subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates.



Note 1              Corporate information
BCE is incorporated and domiciled in Canada. BCE’s head office is located at 1, Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Verdun,
Québec, Canada. BCE is a communications company providing wireless, wireline, Internet and television (TV) services to
residential, business and wholesale customers in Canada. Our Bell Media segment provides conventional TV, specialty TV,
pay TV, streaming services, digital media services, radio broadcasting services and out-of-home (OOH) advertising services to
customers in Canada. The consolidated financial statements (financial statements) were approved by BCE’s board of
directors on March 7, 2024.



Note 2              Material accounting policies
A) Basis of presentation
The financial statements were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis,
except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value as described in our accounting policies.

All amounts are in millions of Canadian dollars, except where noted.

FUNCTIONAL CURRENCY

The financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, the company’s functional currency.


B) Basis of consolidation

We consolidate the financial statements of all of our subsidiaries.
The results of subsidiaries acquired during the year are consolidated from the date of acquisition and the results of
subsidiaries sold during the year are deconsolidated from the date of disposal. Intercompany transactions, balances, income
and expenses are eliminated on consolidation.



C) Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue is measured based on the value of the expected consideration in a contract with a customer and excludes sales
taxes and other amounts we collect on behalf of third parties. We recognize revenue when control of a product or service is
transferred to a customer. When our right to consideration from a customer corresponds directly with the value to the
customer of the products and services transferred to date, we recognize revenue in the amount to which we have a right to
invoice.

For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and services when they are separately identifiable and the
customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or with other readily available resources. The total arrangement
consideration is allocated to each product or service included in the contract with the customer based on its stand-alone
selling price. We generally determine stand-alone selling prices based on the observable prices at which we sell products
separately without a service contract and prices for non-bundled service offers with the same range of services, adjusted for
market conditions and other factors, as appropriate. When similar products




                                                                                                                                10
and services are not sold separately, we use the expected cost plus margin approach to determine stand-alone selling prices.
Products and services purchased by a customer in excess of those included in the bundled arrangement are accounted for
separately.

We may enter into arrangements with subcontractors and others who provide services to our customers. When we act as the
principal in these arrangements, we recognize revenues based on the amounts billed to our customers. Otherwise, we
recognize the net amount that we retain as revenues.

A contract asset is recognized in the consolidated statements of financial position (statements of financial position) when our
right to consideration from the transfer of products or services to a customer is conditional on our obligation to transfer other
products or services. Contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when our right to consideration becomes conditional
only as to the passage of time. A contract liability is recognized in the statements of financial position when we receive
consideration in advance of the transfer of products or services to the customer. Contract assets and liabilities relating to the
same contract are presented on a net basis.

Incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer, principally comprised of sales commissions, and prepaid contract
fulfillment costs are included in Contract costs in the statements of financial position, except where the amortization period is
one year or less, in which case costs of obtaining a contract are immediately expensed. Capitalized costs are amortized on a
systematic basis that is consistent with the period and pattern of transfer to the customer of the related products or services.

BELL COMMUNICATION AND TECHNOLOGY SERVICES (BELL CTS) SEGMENT REVENUES

We recognize product revenues from the sale of equipment when a customer takes possession of the product. We recognize
service revenues over time, as the services are provided. Revenues on certain long-term contracts are recognized using
output methods based on products delivered, performance completed to date, time elapsed or milestones met.

For wireless products and services that are sold separately, customers usually pay in full at the time of sale for products and
on a monthly basis for services. For wireless products and services sold in bundled arrangements, including device financing
plans, customers pay monthly over a contract term of up to 24 months for residential customers and up to 36 months for
business customers. If they include a significant financing component, device financing plan receivables are discounted at
market rates and interest revenue is accreted over the contractual repayment period.

For wireline customers, products are usually paid in full at the time of sale. Services are paid for on a monthly basis except
where a billing schedule has been established with certain business customers under long-term contracts that can generally
extend up to seven years.

BELL MEDIA SEGMENT REVENUES

We recognize advertising revenue when advertisements are aired on the radio or TV, posted on our websites or appear on our
advertising panels and street furniture. Revenues relating to subscriber fees are recorded on a monthly basis as the services
are provided. Customer payments are due monthly as the services are provided.

See Note 3, Segmented information, for additional details.



D) Share-based payments

Our share-based payment arrangements include an employee savings plan (ESP), restricted share units (RSUs) and
performance share units (PSUs), deferred share units (DSUs) and stock options.

ESP

We recognize our ESP contributions as compensation expense in Operating costs in the consolidated income statements
(income statements) over the two-year vesting period, with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus.




                                                                                                                                 11
The value of an ESP at the grant date is equal to the value of one BCE common share. Additional ESPs are issued to reflect
dividends declared on the common shares. Upon settlement of shares under the ESP, any difference between the cost of
shares purchased on the open market and the amount credited to contributed surplus is reflected in the deficit.

RSUs/PSUs

For each RSU/PSU granted, we recognize compensation expense in Operating costs in the income statements over the
three-year vesting period, with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus. The value of a RSU/PSU at the grant date is
equal to the value of one BCE common share or the value estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation for PSUs that include
relative total shareholder return as a performance condition. Additional RSUs/PSUs are issued to reflect dividends declared on
the common shares.

Upon settlement of the RSUs/PSUs, any difference between the cost of shares purchased on the open market and the
amount credited to contributed surplus is reflected in the deficit. Vested RSUs/PSUs are settled in BCE common shares,
DSUs, or a combination thereof.

DSUs

If compensation is elected to be taken in DSUs, we issue DSUs equal to the fair value of the services received, with a
corresponding credit to contributed surplus. Additional DSUs are issued to reflect dividends declared on the common shares.
DSUs are settled in BCE common shares purchased on the open market following the cessation of employment or when a
director leaves the board. Upon settlement of the DSUs, any difference between the cost of shares purchased on the open
market and the amount credited to contributed surplus is reflected in the deficit.

STOCK OPTIONS

The fair value of options granted is determined using a variation of a binomial option pricing model that takes into account
factors specific to the stock option plan. We recognize compensation expense in Operating costs in the income statements
over the three-year vesting period, with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus.

When stock options are exercised, we credit share capital for the amount received and the amounts previously credited to
contributed surplus.


E) Income and other taxes

Current and deferred income tax expense is recognized in the income statements, except to the extent that the expense
relates to items recognized in Other comprehensive (loss) income or directly in equity.

We use the liability method to account for deferred tax assets and liabilities, which arise from:

    •   temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities recognized in the statements of financial
        position and their corresponding tax bases
    •   the carryforward of unused tax losses and credits, to the extent they can be used in the future

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply when the asset or liability is
recovered or settled. Both our current and deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated using tax rates that have been
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Deferred taxes are provided on temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, joint arrangements and
associates, except where we control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary
difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Tax liabilities are, where permitted, offset against tax assets within the same taxable entity and tax jurisdiction.




                                                                                                                                12
INVESTMENT TAX CREDITS (ITCs), OTHER TAX CREDITS AND GOVERNMENT GRANTS
We recognize ITCs, other tax credits and government grants given on eligible expenditures when it is reasonably assured that
they will be realized. We use the cost reduction method to account for ITCs and government grants, under which the credits
are applied against the expense or asset to which the ITCs or government grants relate.


F) Cash equivalents and other short-term deposits

Cash equivalents are comprised of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less from the date of
purchase and are measured at amortized cost. Short-term deposits with original maturities of more than three months are
included in Short-term investments in the statements of financial position and are measured at amortized cost.


G) Securitization of receivables

Proceeds on the securitization of receivables are recognized as a collateralized borrowing as we do not transfer control and
substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to another entity.


H) Inventory

We measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Inventory includes all costs to purchase, convert and bring
the inventories to their present location and condition. We determine cost using specific identification for major equipment held
for resale and the weighted average cost formula for all other inventory. We maintain inventory valuation reserves for
inventory that is slow-moving or potentially obsolete, calculated using an inventory aging analysis.


I) Property, plant and equipment

We record property, plant and equipment at cost. Cost includes expenditures that are attributable directly to the acquisition or
construction of the asset, including the purchase cost and labour.

Borrowing costs are capitalized for qualifying assets if the time to build or develop the asset is in excess of one year, at a rate
that is based on the weighted average interest rate on our outstanding long-term debt. Gains or losses on the sale or
retirement of property, plant and equipment are recorded in Other expense in the income statements.

LEASES

We enter into leases for network infrastructure and equipment, land and buildings in the normal course of business. Lease
contracts are typically made for fixed periods but may include purchase, renewal or termination options. Leases are
negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.

We adopted IFRS 16 - Leases as of January 1, 2019. Certain finance leases entered into prior to 2019 were initially measured
under IAS 17 - Leases, as permitted by the transition provisions of IFRS 16.

IFRS 16

We assess whether a contract contains a lease at inception of the contract. A lease contract conveys the right to control the
use of an identified asset for a period in exchange for consideration. We recognize lease liabilities with corresponding right-of-
use assets for all lease agreements, except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets, which are expensed on a
straight-line basis over the lease term. Consideration in a contract is allocated to lease and non-lease components on a
relative stand-alone value basis. We generally account for lease components and any associated non-lease components as a
single lease component.




                                                                                                                                  13
Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date,
discounted using our incremental borrowing rate, unless the rate implicit in the lease is readily determinable. We apply a
single incremental borrowing rate to a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics. Lease payments included in the
measurement of the lease liability comprise:

    •    fixed (and in-substance fixed) lease payments, less any lease incentives
    •    variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate
    •    payments expected under residual value guarantees and payments relating to purchase options and renewal option
         periods that are reasonably certain to be exercised (or periods subject to termination options that are not reasonably
         certain to be exercised)

Lease liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Lease liabilities are
remeasured, with a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets, when there is a change in variable lease
payments arising from a change in an index or rate, or when we change our assessment of whether purchase, renewal or
termination options will be exercised.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, and are comprised of the initial measurement of the corresponding lease liabilities,
lease payments made at or before the commencement date and any initial direct costs. They are subsequently depreciated on
a straight-line basis and reduced by impairment losses, if any. Right-of-use assets may also be adjusted to reflect the
remeasurement of related lease liabilities. If we obtain ownership of the leased asset by the end of the lease term or the cost
of the right-of-use asset reflects the exercise of a purchase option, we depreciate the right-of-use asset from the lease
commencement date to the end of the useful life of the underlying asset. Otherwise, we depreciate the right-of-use asset from
the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the underlying asset or the end of the lease term.

Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and
right-of-use assets. The related payments are expensed in operating costs in the period in which the event or condition that
triggers those payments occurs.

IAS 17

Prior to 2019, under IAS 17, leases of property, plant and equipment were recognized as finance leases when we obtained
substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the underlying assets. At the inception of the lease, we recorded an
asset together with a corresponding long-term lease liability, at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset or the present
value of the minimum future lease payments, excluding non-lease components.

ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS (AROs)

We initially measure and record AROs at management’s best estimate using a present value methodology, adjusted
subsequently for any changes in the timing or amount of cash flows and changes in discount rates. We capitalize asset
retirement costs as part of the related assets and amortize them into earnings over time. We also increase the ARO and
record a corresponding amount in interest expense to reflect the passage of time.


J) Intangible assets

FINITE-LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Finite-life intangible assets are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

SOFTWARE

We record internal-use software at cost. Cost includes expenditures that are attributable directly to the acquisition or
development of the software, including the purchase cost and labour.




                                                                                                                                   14
Software development costs are capitalized when all the following conditions are met:

    •    technical feasibility can be demonstrated
    •    management has the intent and the ability to complete the asset for use or sale
    •    it is probable that economic benefits will be generated
    •    costs attributable to the asset can be measured reliably

CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS

Customer relationship assets are acquired through business acquisitions and are recorded at fair value at the date of
acquisition.

PROGRAM AND FEATURE FILM RIGHTS

We account for program and feature film rights as intangible assets when these assets are acquired for the purpose of
distribution through broadcasting, digital media and streaming services. Program and feature film rights, which include
producer advances and licence fees paid in advance of receipt of the program or film, are stated at acquisition cost less
accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Programs and feature films under licence agreements
are recorded as assets for rights acquired and liabilities for obligations incurred when:

    •    we receive a broadcast master and the cost is known or reasonably determinable for new program and feature film
         licences; or
    •    the licence term commences for licence period extensions or syndicated programs

Related liabilities of programs and feature films are classified as current or non-current, based on the payment terms.
Amortization of program and feature film rights is recorded in Operating costs in the income statements.

INDEFINITE-LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Brand assets, mainly comprised of the Bell, Bell Media and Bell MTS brands, and broadcast licences are acquired through
business acquisitions and are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition, less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
Wireless spectrum licences are recorded at acquisition cost, including borrowing costs when the time to build or develop the
related network is in excess of one year. Borrowing costs are calculated at a rate that is based on the weighted average
interest rate on our outstanding long-term debt.

Currently, there are no legal, regulatory, competitive or other factors that limit the useful lives of our indefinite-life intangible
assets.


K) Depreciation and amortization

We depreciate property, plant and equipment and amortize finite-life intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives. We review our estimates of useful lives on an annual basis and adjust depreciation and amortization on
a prospective basis, as required. Land and assets under construction or development are not depreciated.
                                                                                                                   ESTIMATED USEFUL LIFE

Property, plant and equipment
  Network infrastructure and equipment
                                                                                                                           2 to 50 years
  Buildings
                                                                                                                           5 to 50 years
Finite-life intangible assets
  Software
                                                                                                                           2 to 12 years
  Customer relationships
                                                                                                                           2 to 26 years
  Program and feature film rights                                                                                          Up to 5 years




                                                                                                                                        15
L) Investments in associates and joint arrangements

Our financial statements incorporate our share of the results of our associates and joint ventures using the equity method of
accounting, except when the investment is classified as held for sale. Equity income from investments is recorded in Other
expense in the income statements.
Investments in associates and joint ventures are recognized initially at cost and adjusted thereafter to include the company’s
share of income or loss and comprehensive income or loss on an after-tax basis.
Investments are reviewed for impairment at each reporting period and we compare their recoverable amount to their carrying
amount when there is an indication of impairment.
We recognize our share of the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of joint operations in accordance with the related
contractual agreements.



M) Business acquisitions and goodwill

Business acquisitions are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business acquisition
is measured at fair value at the date of acquisition. Acquisition-related transaction costs are expensed as incurred and
recorded in Severance, acquisition and other costs in the income statements.

Identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, of acquired businesses are recorded at their fair values at the
date of acquisition. When we acquire control of a business, any previously-held equity interest is remeasured to fair value and
any gain or loss on remeasurement is recognized in Other expense in the income statements. The excess of the purchase
consideration and any previously-held equity interest over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as
Goodwill in the statements of financial position. If the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired exceeds the purchase
consideration and any previously-held equity interest, the difference is recognized in Other expense in the income statements
immediately as a bargain purchase gain.


N) Impairment of non-financial assets

Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually or when there is an indication that the asset
may be impaired. Property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment if events or changes
in circumstances, assessed at each reporting period, indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. For the
purpose of impairment testing, assets other than goodwill are grouped at the lowest level for which there are separately
identifiable cash inflows.

Impairment losses are recognized and measured as the excess of the carrying value of the assets over their recoverable
amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Previously
recognized impairment losses, other than those attributable to goodwill, are reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting
date and, if the asset’s recoverable amount has increased, all or a portion of the impairment is reversed.

GOODWILL IMPAIRMENT TESTING

We perform an annual test for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter for each of our cash-generating units (CGUs) or
groups of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated, and whenever there is an indication that goodwill might be impaired.

A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are independent of the cash inflows from
other assets or groups of assets.

We identify any potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of a CGU or group of CGUs to its recoverable amount.
The recoverable amount of a CGU or group of CGUs is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use.
Both fair value less costs of disposal and value in use are based on estimates of discounted future cash




                                                                                                                                 16
flows or other valuation methods. Cash flows are projected based on past experience, actual operating results and business
plans, including any impact from changes in interest rates and inflation. When the recoverable amount of a CGU or group of
CGUs is less than its carrying value, the recoverable amount is determined for its identifiable assets and liabilities. The excess
of the recoverable amount of the CGU or group of CGUs over the total of the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities is
the recoverable amount of goodwill.

An impairment charge is recognized in the income statements for any excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its
recoverable amount. For purposes of impairment testing of goodwill, our CGUs or groups of CGUs correspond to our reporting
segments as disclosed in Note 3, Segmented information.


O) Financial instruments and contract assets

We measure trade and other receivables, including wireless device financing plan receivables, at amortized cost using the
effective interest method, net of any allowance for doubtful accounts.

Our portfolio investments in equity securities are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income and are
presented in our statements of financial position as Other non-current assets. These securities are recorded at fair value on
the date of acquisition, including related transaction costs, and are adjusted to fair value at each reporting date. The
corresponding unrealized gains and losses are recorded in Other comprehensive (loss) income in the consolidated statements
of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income) and are reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive
loss to the deficit in the statements of financial position when realized.

Other financial liabilities, which include trade payables and accruals, compensation payable, obligations imposed by the
Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC), interest payable and long-term debt, are recorded
at amortized cost using the effective interest method.

We measure the allowance for doubtful accounts and impairment of contract assets based on an expected credit loss (ECL)
model, which takes into account current economic conditions, historical information, and forward-looking information, including
higher interest rates and inflation. We use the simplified approach for measuring losses based on the lifetime ECL for trade
and other receivables and contract assets. Amounts considered uncollectible are written off and recognized in Operating costs
in the income statements.

The cost of issuing debt is included as part of long-term debt and is accounted for at amortized cost using the effective interest
method. The cost of issuing equity is reflected in the consolidated statements of changes in equity as a charge to the deficit.


P) Derivative financial instruments

We use derivative financial instruments principally to manage risks related to changes in interest rates and foreign currency
rates and cash flow exposures related to share-based payment plans, capital expenditures, long-term debt instruments and
operating expenses. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.

Derivatives that mature within one year are included in Other current assets or Trade payables and other liabilities in the
statements of financial position, whereas derivatives that have a maturity of more than one year are included in Other non-
current assets or Other non-current liabilities.

HEDGE ACCOUNTING

FAIR VALUE HEDGES

We use cross currency interest rate swaps to manage foreign currency and interest rate risk on certain U.S. dollar long-term
debt. We use interest rate swaps to manage the interest rate risk on certain Canadian dollar long-term debt. Changes in the
fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other expense in the income statements and offset each
other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging relationship.




                                                                                                                                17
CASH FLOW HEDGES
We use foreign currency forward contracts and options to manage foreign currency risk relating to anticipated purchases
denominated in foreign currencies. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our statements of
comprehensive income, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging relationship, which is recognized in Other expense in
the income statements. Realized gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss are reclassified to the income
statements or to the initial cost of the related non-financial asset in the same periods as the corresponding hedged
transactions are recognized.

We use foreign currency forward contracts to manage foreign currency risk relating to our U.S. dollar debt under our
commercial paper program, securitization of receivables program and committed credit facilities. Changes in the fair value of
these derivatives are recognized in Other expense in the income statements and offset the foreign currency translation
adjustment on the related debt, except for any portion of the hedging relationship which is ineffective.

We use cross currency interest rate swaps to manage foreign currency and interest rate risk related to certain U.S. dollar long-
term debt. We also use interest rate swaps, including forward starting interest rate swaps, to manage the interest rate risk
related to certain Canadian dollar long-term debt. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our
statements of comprehensive income, except for amounts recorded in Other expense in the income statements to offset the
foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt and any portion of the hedging relationship which is ineffective.

We use forward starting interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk related to certain future debt issuances. Changes in
the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our statements of comprehensive income, except for any ineffective
portion of the hedging relationship, which is recognized in Other expense in the income statements. Realized gains and losses
in accumulated other comprehensive loss are reclassified to Interest expense in the income statements over the term of the
related debt.

DERIVATIVES USED AS ECONOMIC HEDGES

We use derivatives to manage cash flow exposures related to our equity settled share-based payment plans and anticipated
purchases in foreign currencies, interest rate risk related to preferred share dividend rate resets and interest rate risk related
to existing and anticipated debt issuances. As these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting, the changes in their fair
value are recorded in the income statements in Other expense.


Q) Post-employment benefit plans

DEFINED BENEFIT (DB) AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT (OPEB) PLANS

We maintain DB pension plans that provide pension benefits for certain employees and retirees. Benefits are based on the
employee’s length of service and average rate of pay during the highest paid consecutive five years of service. Most
employees are not required to contribute to the plans. Certain plans provide cost of living adjustments to help protect the
income of retired employees against inflation.

We are responsible for adequately funding our DB pension plans. We make contributions to them based on various actuarial
cost methods permitted by pension regulatory bodies. Contributions reflect actuarial assumptions about future investment
returns, salary projections, future service and life expectancy.

We provide OPEBs to some of our employees, including:

    •   health care and life insurance benefits during retirement, which have been phased out for new retirees since
        December 31, 2016. Most of these OPEB plans are unfunded and benefits are paid when incurred.
    •   other benefits, including workers’ compensation and medical benefits to former or inactive employees, their
        beneficiaries and dependants, from the time their employment ends until their retirement starts, under
        certain circumstances




                                                                                                                                     18
We accrue our obligations and related costs under post-employment benefit plans, net of the fair value of the benefit plan
assets. Pension and OPEB costs are determined using:

    •   the projected unit credit method, prorated on years of service, which takes into account future pay levels
    •   a discount rate based on market interest rates of high-quality corporate fixed income investments with maturities that
        match the timing of benefits expected to be paid under the plans
    •   management’s best estimate of pay increases, retirement ages of employees, expected healthcare costs and life
        expectancy

We value post-employment benefit plan assets at fair value using current market values.

Post-employment benefit plans current service cost is included in Operating costs in the income statements. Interest on our
post-employment benefit plan assets and obligations is recognized in Finance costs in the income statements and represents
the accretion of interest on the assets and obligations under our post-employment benefit plans. The interest rate is based on
market conditions that existed at the beginning of the year. Actuarial gains and losses for all post-employment benefit plans
are recorded in Other comprehensive (loss) income in the statements of comprehensive income in the period in which they
occur and are recognized immediately in the deficit.

December 31 is the measurement date for our significant post-employment benefit plans. Our actuaries perform a valuation
based on management's assumptions at least every three years to determine the actuarial present value of the accrued DB
pension plans and OPEB obligations. The most recent actuarial valuation of our significant pension plans was as at
December 31, 2022.

DEFINED CONTRIBUTION (DC) PENSION PLANS

We maintain DC pension plans that provide certain employees with benefits. Under these plans, we are responsible for
contributing a predetermined amount to an employee’s retirement savings, based on a percentage of the employee’s salary.

We recognize a post-employment benefit plans service cost for DC pension plans when the employee provides service to the
company, essentially coinciding with our cash contributions.

When eligible, new employees can only participate in the DC pension plans.


R) Provisions

Provisions are recognized when all the following conditions are met:

    •   the company has a present legal or constructive obligation based on past events
    •   it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation
    •   the amount can be reasonably estimated

Provisions are measured at the present value of the estimated expenditures expected to settle the obligation, if the effect of
the time value of money is material. The present value is determined using current market assessments of the discount rate
and risks specific to the obligation. The obligation increases as a result of the passage of time, resulting in interest expense
which is recognized in Finance costs in the income statements.


S) Estimates and key judgments

When preparing the financial statements, management makes estimates and judgments relating to:

    •   reported amounts of revenues and expenses
    •   reported amounts of assets and liabilities
    •   disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities




                                                                                                                                   19
We base our estimates on a number of factors, including but not limited to historical experience, current events, economic and
financial market conditions such as interest rates, inflation and the risk of recession, geopolitical events and supply chain
disruptions, and actions that the company may undertake in the future, as well as other assumptions that we believe are
reasonable under the circumstances. A change in these assumptions may have an impact on our financial statements
including but not limited to impairment testing, fair value determination, expected credit losses and discount rates used for the
present value of cash flows. By their nature, these estimates and judgments are subject to measurement uncertainty and
actual results could differ. Our more significant estimates and judgments are described below.

ESTIMATES

USEFUL LIVES OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND FINITE-LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Property, plant and equipment represent a significant proportion of our total assets. Changes in technology or our intended
use of these assets, climate change and our environmental, social and corporate governance initiatives as well as changes in
business prospects or economic and industry factors, may cause the estimated useful lives of these assets to change.

POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS

The amounts reported in the financial statements relating to DB pension plans and OPEBs are determined using actuarial
calculations that are based on several assumptions.

The actuarial valuation uses management’s assumptions for, among other things, the discount rate, life expectancy, the rate of
compensation increase, cost of living indexation rate, trends in healthcare costs and expected average remaining years of
service of employees.

The most significant assumptions used to calculate the net post-employment benefit plans cost are the discount rate and life
expectancy.

The discount rate is based on the yield on long-term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments, with maturities
matching the estimated cash flows of the post-employment benefit plans. Life expectancy is based on publicly available
Canadian mortality tables and is adjusted for the company’s specific experience.

REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS

We are required to make estimates that affect the amount of revenue from contracts with customers, including estimating the
stand-alone selling prices of products and services.

IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS

We make a number of estimates when calculating recoverable amounts using discounted future cash flows or other valuation
methods to test for impairment. These estimates include the assumed growth rates for future cash flows, the number of years
used in the cash flow model and the discount rate.

DEFERRED TAXES

The amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities are estimated with consideration given to the timing, sources and amounts
of future taxable income.

LEASES

The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make estimates that affect the measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities,
including determining the appropriate discount rate used to measure lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are initially measured at
the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using our incremental
borrowing rate, unless the rate implicit in the lease is readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate is derived from
publicly available risk-free interest rates, adjusted for applicable credit




                                                                                                                                 20
spreads and lease terms. We apply a single incremental borrowing rate to a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics.

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Certain financial instruments, such as investments in equity securities, derivative financial instruments and certain elements of
borrowings, are carried in the statements of financial position at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in the income
statements and the statements of comprehensive income. Fair values are estimated by reference to published price
quotations or by using other valuation techniques that may include inputs that are not based on observable market data, such
as discounted cash flows and earnings multiples.

CONTINGENCIES

In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal proceedings seeking monetary damages
and other relief. Pending claims and legal proceedings represent a potential cost to our business. We estimate the amount of
a loss by analyzing potential outcomes and assuming various litigation and settlement strategies, based on information that is
available at the time.

ONEROUS CONTRACTS

A provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the unavoidable costs of meeting our obligations under a contract
exceed the expected benefits to be received under the contract. The provision is measured at the present value of the lower of
the expected cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of completing the contract.

JUDGMENTS

POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS

The determination of the discount rate used to value our post-employment benefit obligations requires judgment. The rate is
set by reference to market yields of long-term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments at the beginning of each fiscal
year. Significant judgment is required when setting the criteria for fixed income investments to be included in the population
from which the yield curve is derived. The most significant criteria considered for the selection of investments include the size
of the issue and credit quality, along with the identification of outliers, which are excluded.

INCOME TAXES

The calculation of income taxes requires judgment in interpreting tax rules and regulations. There are transactions and
calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our tax filings are also subject to audits, the outcome of
which could change the amount of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities.
Management judgment is used to determine the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities to be recognized. In particular,
judgment is required when assessing the timing of the reversal of temporary differences to which future income tax rates are
applied.

LEASES

The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make judgments that affect the measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities. A
lease contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. At
inception of the contract, we assess whether the contract contains an identified asset, whether we have the right to obtain
substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset and whether we have the right to direct how and for what
purpose the asset is used. In determining the lease term, we include periods covered by renewal options when we are
reasonably certain to exercise those options. Similarly, we include periods covered by termination options when we are
reasonably certain not to exercise those options. To assess if we are reasonably certain to exercise an option, we consider all
facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise renewal options (or not exercise termination options).
Economic incentives include the costs related to the termination




                                                                                                                                 21
of the lease, the significance of any leasehold improvements and the importance of the underlying assets to our operations.

REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS

The identification of performance obligations within a contract and the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations under
long-term contracts requires judgment. Additionally, the determination of costs to obtain a contract, including the identification
of incremental costs, also requires judgment.

CGUs

The determination of CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose of impairment testing requires judgment.

CONTINGENCIES

The determination of whether a loss is probable from claims and legal proceedings and whether an outflow of resources is
likely requires judgment.


T) Adoption of amended accounting standards

As required, we adopted the following amendments to accounting standards issued by the IASB.
STANDARD                   DESCRIPTION                                           IMPACT
Disclosure of Accounting These amendments require that entities disclose These amendments were adopted effective with our annual financial
Policies - Amendments to material accounting policies, as defined, instead statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 and did not result
IAS 1 - Presentation of    of significant accounting policies.                   in any significant changes to our financial statements.
Financial Statements
International Tax Reform - These amendments require that entities apply          In May 2023, we adopted the amendments to IAS 12 retrospectively.
Pillar Two Model Rules - IAS 12 to income taxes arising from tax law             As required, we applied the exception and do not recognize or
Amendments to IAS 12 - enacted or substantively enacted to implement disclose information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related
Income Taxes               the Pillar Two model rules published by the           to Pillar Two.
                           Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
                           Development, including tax law that implements The adoption of these amendments did not have a significant impact
                           qualified domestic minimum top-up taxes               on our financial statements.
                           described in those rules (Pillar Two). As an
                           exception to the requirements in IAS 12, entities
                           do not recognize or disclose information about
                           deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar
                           Two.




                                                                                                                                                22
Note 3 Segmented information
The accounting policies used in our segment reporting are the same as those we describe in Note 2, Material accounting
policies. Our segments reflect how we manage our business and how we classify our operations for planning and measuring
performance. Accordingly, we operate and manage our segments as strategic business units organized by products and
services. Segments negotiate sales with each other as if they were unrelated parties.

We measure the performance of each segment based on adjusted EBITDA, which is equal to operating revenues less
operating costs for the segment. Substantially all of our severance, acquisition and other costs, depreciation and amortization,
finance costs and other (expense) income are managed on a corporate basis and, accordingly, are not reflected in segment
results.

Substantially all of our operations and assets are located in Canada.

In 2022, we began modifying our internal and external reporting processes to align with organizational changes that were
made to reflect an increasing strategic focus on multiproduct sales, the continually increasing technological convergence of
our wireless and wireline telecommunications infrastructure and operations driven by the deployment of our Fifth Generation
(5G) and fibre networks, and our digital transformation. These factors have made it increasingly difficult to distinguish between
our wireless and wireline operations and resulted in changes in Q1 2023 to the financial information that is regularly provided
to our chief operating decision maker to measure performance and allocate resources.

Effective with our Q1 2023 results, our previous Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline operating segments were combined to form a
single reporting segment called Bell CTS. Bell Media remains a distinct reportable segment and is unaffected. Our results are
therefore reported in two segments: Bell CTS and Bell Media. As a result of our reporting changes, prior periods have been
restated for comparative purposes.

Our Bell CTS segment provides a wide range of communication products and services to consumers, businesses and
government customers across Canada. Wireless products and services include mobile data and voice plans and devices and
are available nationally. Wireline products and services comprise data (including Internet access, Internet protocol television
(IPTV), cloud-based services and business solutions), voice, and other communication services and products, which are
available to our residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers primarily in Ontario, Québec,
the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to business customers are available nationally
across Canada. In addition, this segment includes our wholesale business, which buys and sells local telephone, long
distance, data and other services from or to resellers and other carriers, as well as the results of operations of our national
consumer electronics retailer, The Source (Bell) Electronics Inc. (The Source). Subsequent to year end, Bell Canada
announced a strategic partnership with Best Buy Canada to operate 165 The Source consumer electronics retail stores in
Canada, which will be rebranded as Best Buy Express and offer the latest in consumer electronics from Best Buy along with
exclusive telecommunications services from Bell. In addition, Bell will wind down The Source head office and back office
operations, as well as close 107 The Source stores.

Our Bell Media segment provides conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV, streaming services, digital media services, radio
broadcasting services and OOH and advanced advertising services to customers nationally across Canada.




                                                                                                                               23
Segmented information
                                                                                                                                          INTER-
                                                                                                                                       SEGMENT
                                                                                                                          BELL          ELIMINA-
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023                                                      NOTE       BELL CTS            MEDIA             TIONS               BCE

Operating revenues
    External service revenues                                                                          18,378            2,776                —            21,154
    Inter-segment service revenues                                                                         29              341              (370)              —
Operating service revenues                                                                             18,407            3,117              (370)          21,154
External/Operating product revenues                                                                     3,519               —                 —             3,519
    Total external revenues                                                                            21,897            2,776                —            24,673
    Total inter-segment revenues                                                                           29              341              (370)              —
Total operating revenues                                                                               21,926            3,117              (370)          24,673
Operating costs                                                                              5        (12,206)          (2,420)              370          (14,256)
Adjusted EBITDA (1)                                                                                     9,720              697                —            10,417
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                       6                                                               (200)
Depreciation and amortization                                                       17,     19                                                             (4,918)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                          7                                                             (1,475)
   Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                              27                                                                108
Impairment of assets                                                                         8                                                               (143)
Other expense                                                                                9                                                               (466)
Income taxes                                                                                10                                                               (996)
Net earnings                                                                                                                                                2,327
Goodwill                                                                                    22          8,099            2,843                 —           10,942
Indefinite-life intangible assets                                                           19          8,052            1,763                 —            9,815
Capital expenditures                                                                                    4,421              160                 —            4,581

1) The chief operating decision maker uses primarily one measure of profit to make decisions and assess performance, being operating revenues less operating costs.




                                                                                                                                                                 24
                                                                                                                                         INTER-
                                                                                                                                      SEGMENT
                                                                                                                          BELL         ELIMINA-
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022                                                     NOTE      BELL CTS             MEDIA            TIONS               BCE
 Operating revenues
    External service revenues                                                                         18,052             2,904               —            20,956
    Inter-segment service revenues                                                                        31               350             (381)              —
 Operating service revenues                                                                           18,083             3,254             (381)          20,956
 External/Operating product revenues                                                                   3,218                —                —             3,218
    Total external revenues                                                                           21,270             2,904               —            24,174
    Total inter-segment revenues                                                                          31               350             (381)              —
 Total operating revenues                                                                             21,301             3,254             (381)          24,174
 Operating costs                                                                            5        (11,847)           (2,509)             381          (13,975)
 Adjusted EBITDA (1)                                                                                   9,454               745               —            10,199
 Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                      6                                                               (94)
 Depreciation and amortization                                                      17,     19                                                            (4,723)
 Finance costs
    Interest expense                                                                         7                                                            (1,146)
    Net return on post-employment benefit plans                                             27                                                                51
 Impairment of assets                                                                        8                                                              (279)
 Other expense                                                                               9                                                              (115)
 Income taxes                                                                               10                                                              (967)
 Net earnings                                                                                                                                              2,926
 Goodwill                                                                                   22          7,960            2,946                —           10,906
 Indefinite-life intangible assets                                                          19          7,980            1,846                —            9,826
 Capital expenditures                                                                                   4,971              162                —            5,133

1) The chief operating decision maker uses primarily one measure of profit to make decisions and assess performance, being operating revenues less operating costs.


Revenues by services and products
The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by type of services and products.
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                           2023                2022
            (1)
 Services
  Wireless                                                                                                                             7,120               6,821
  Wireline data                                                                                                                        8,084               7,920
  Wireline voice                                                                                                                       2,862               3,002
  Media                                                                                                                                2,776               2,904
  Other wireline services                                                                                                                312                 309
 Total services                                                                                                                       21,154              20,956
 Products(2)
  Wireless                                                                                                                             2,885               2,714
  Wireline                                                                                                                               634                 504
 Total products                                                                                                                        3,519               3,218
 Total operating revenues                                                                                                             24,673              24,174
(1) Our service revenues are generally recognized over time.
(2) Our product revenues are generally recognized at a point in time.




                                                                                                                                                                 25
Note 4                      Business acquisitions and disposition
2023

Acquisition of FX Innovation
On June 1, 2023, Bell acquired FX Innovation, a Montréal-based provider of cloud-focused managed and professional
services and workflow automation solutions for business clients, for cash consideration of $157 million ($156 million net of
cash acquired), of which $12 million is payable within two years, and an estimated $6 million of additional cash consideration
contingent on the achievement of certain performance objectives. This contingent consideration is expected to be settled by
2027 and the maximum amount payable is $7 million. Contingent consideration is estimated to be nil at December 31, 2023.
The acquisition of FX Innovation aims to position Bell as a technology services leader for our enterprise customers. The
results of FX Innovation are included in our Bell CTS segment.

The following table summarizes the fair value of the consideration paid and the fair value assigned to each major class of
assets and liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                                            2023
Cash consideration paid                                                                                                                                                     145
Cash consideration payable                                                                                                                                                   12
Contingent consideration                                                                                                                                                      6
Total cost to be allocated                                                                                                                                                  163
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                                            23
      Other non-cash working capital                                                                                                                                          4
      Indefinite-life intangible assets (1)                                                                                                                                  29
      Finite-life intangible assets (2)                                                                                                                                      23
      Other non-current assets                                                                                                                                                4
      Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                                                                  (15)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                                                                                   (3)
      Debt due within one year                                                                                                                                               (5)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                              (13)
                                                                                                                                                                             47
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                     1
Fair value of net assets acquired                                                                                                                                            48
Goodwill (3)                                                                                                                                                                115
(1)   Consists of brand assets.
(2)   Consists mainly of customer relationship assets and software.
(3)   Goodwill arises principally from expected synergies and future growth and is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to our Bell CTS group of CGUs.




Operating revenues of $50 million from FX Innovation are included in the income statements for the year ended December 31,
2023, from the date of acquisition. BCE’s consolidated operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 would have
been $24,715 million had the acquisition of FX Innovation occurred on January 1, 2023. This proforma amount reflects the
elimination of intercompany transactions and the purchase price allocation. The transaction did not have a significant impact
on our net earnings for 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                               26
Disposition of production studios
On May 3, 2023, we completed the sale of our 63% ownership in certain production studios, which were included in our Bell
Media segment. We received net cash proceeds of $211 million and recorded a gain on investment of $79 million (before tax
expense of $17 million). See Note 9, Other expense, for additional details.

The results of operations of the production studios up to the date of disposition on May 3, 2023 did not have a significant
impact on our revenue or net earnings for 2023.

The following table summarizes the carrying value of the assets and liabilities sold:
                                                                                                                              2023
  Trade and other receivables                                                                                                   1
  Prepaid expenses                                                                                                              1
  Property, plant and equipment                                                                                               179
  Intangible assets                                                                                                             4
  Goodwill                                                                                                                     76
Total assets                                                                                                                  261
  Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                         10
  Contract liabilities                                                                                                          3
  Debt due within one year                                                                                                     11
  Long-term debt                                                                                                               82
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                      3
Total liabilities                                                                                                             109
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                       23
Net assets sold                                                                                                               129




                                                                                                                                27
2022

Acquisition of Distributel Communications Limited (Distributel)
On December 1, 2022, Bell acquired Distributel, a national independent communications provider offering a wide range of
consumer, business and wholesale communications services, for cash consideration of $303 million ($282 million net of cash
acquired) and $39 million of estimated additional cash consideration contingent on the achievement of certain performance
objectives. This contingent consideration was expected to be settled by 2026 and the maximum contingent consideration
payable was $65 million. Contingent consideration is estimated to be $49 million at December 31, 2023 of which $19 million
was paid in 2023. The remaining $30 million is expected to be paid in 2024. The acquisition of Distributel is expected to
support Bell’s strategy to grow residential and business customers. The results of Distributel are included in our Bell CTS
segment.

The following table summarizes the fair value of the consideration paid and the fair value assigned to each major class of
assets and liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                                            2022
Cash consideration                                                                                                                                                          303
Contingent consideration                                                                                                                                                      39
Total cost to be allocated                                                                                                                                                  342
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                                              7
      Other non-cash working capital                                                                                                                                           7
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                                           29
      Indefinite-life intangible assets (1)                                                                                                                                   70
      Finite-life intangible assets (2)                                                                                                                                       68
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                      7
      Other long-term assets                                                                                                                                                   2
      Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                                                                   (29)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                                                                                    (3)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                               (39)
      Other long-term liabilities                                                                                                                                             (6)
                                                                                                                                                                            113
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                    21
Fair value of net assets acquired                                                                                                                                           134
Goodwill (3)                                                                                                                                                                208
(1)   Consists mainly of brand and digital assets.
(2)   Consists mainly of customer relationship assets.
(3)   Goodwill arises principally from expected synergies and future growth and is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to our Bell CTS group of CGUs.




Operating revenues of $14 million from Distributel are included in the income statements for the year ended December 31,
2022, from the date of acquisition. BCE’s consolidated operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 would have
been $24,309 million had the acquisition of Distributel occurred on January 1, 2022. This proforma amount reflects the
elimination of intercompany transactions and the purchase price allocation. The transaction did not have a significant impact
on our net earnings for 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                                28
Acquisition of EBOX and other related companies
In February 2022, Bell acquired EBOX and other related companies, which provide Internet, telephone and TV services to
consumers and businesses in Québec and parts of Ontario, for cash consideration of $153 million ($139 million net of cash
acquired). The acquisition of EBOX and other related companies is expected to accelerate growth in Bell’s residential and
small business customers. The results of the acquired companies are included in our Bell CTS segment.

The following table summarizes the fair value of the consideration paid and the fair value assigned to each major class of
assets and liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                                            2022
Cash consideration                                                                                                                                                          153
Total cost to be allocated                                                                                                                                                   153
      Other non-cash working capital                                                                                                                                           5
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                                             5
      Indefinite-life intangible assets (1)                                                                                                                                    17
      Finite-life intangible and other assets (2)                                                                                                                              15
      Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                                                                  (17)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                                                                                    (5)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                (9)
                                                                                                                                                                               11
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                    14
Fair value of net assets acquired                                                                                                                                            25
Goodwill (3)                                                                                                                                                                128
(1)   Consists of brand and digital assets.
(2)   Consists mainly of customer relationship assets.
(3)   Goodwill arises principally from expected synergies and future growth and is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill was allocated to our Bell CTS group of CGUs.


Operating revenues of $41 million from EBOX and other related parties are included in the income statement for the year
ended December 31, 2022, from the date of acquisition. The transaction did not have a significant impact on net earnings for
2022.




                                                                                                                                                                               29
Note 5                      Operating costs
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                               NOTE                   2023                  2022
Labour costs
   Wages, salaries and related taxes and benefits                                                                                                (4,354)               (4,250)
   Post-employment benefit plans service cost (net of capitalized amounts)                                                       27                (206)                 (249)
   Other labour costs(1)                                                                                                                         (1,063)               (1,054)
Less:
   Capitalized labour                                                                                                                            1,217                 1,136
Total labour costs                                                                                                                              (4,406)               (4,417)
Cost of revenues(2)                                                                                                                             (7,926)               (7,641)
Other operating costs (3)                                                                                                                       (1,924)               (1,917)
Total operating costs                                                                                                                          (14,256)              (13,975)
(1) Other labour costs include contractor and outsourcing costs.
(2) Cost of revenues includes costs of wireless devices and other equipment sold, network and content costs, and payments to other carriers.
(3) Other operating costs include marketing, advertising and sales commission costs, bad debt expense, taxes other than income taxes, information technology costs, professional
    service fees and rent.


Research and development expenses of $90 million and $57 million are included in operating costs for 2023 and 2022,
respectively.



Note 6                      Severance, acquisition and other costs
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                      2023                  2022
Severance                                                                                                                                          (134)                   (83)
Acquisition and other                                                                                                                               (66)                   (11)
Total severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                                       (200)                   (94)

Severance costs
Severance costs consist of charges related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations.

Acquisition and other costs
Acquisition and other costs consist of transaction costs, such as legal and financial advisory fees, related to completed or
potential acquisitions, employee severance costs related to the purchase of a business, the costs to integrate acquired
companies into our operations, costs relating to litigation and regulatory decisions, when they are significant, and other costs.

Subsequent to year end, BCE announced a reduction of its workforce by approximately 4,800 positions, or 9% of all BCE
employees in 2024, which could result in severance payments up to approximately $400 million.


Note 7                      Interest expense
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                      2023                  2022
Interest expense on long-term debt                                                                                                               (1,391)               (1,148)
Interest expense on other debt                                                                                                                     (219)                 (126)
Capitalized interest                                                                                                                                135                   128
Total interest expense                                                                                                                           (1,475)               (1,146)

Included in interest expense on long-term debt is interest on lease liabilities of $193 million and $165 million for 2023 and
2022, respectively.




                                                                                                                                                                             30
Capitalized interest was calculated using an average rate of 4.31% and 3.83% for 2023 and 2022, respectively, which
represents the weighted average interest rate on our outstanding long-term debt.



Note 8            Impairment of assets
2023
During the fourth quarter of 2023, we recognized $86 million of impairment charges for French TV channels within our Bell
Media segment. The impairment charges were the result of a reduction in advertising demand in the industry resulting from
economic uncertainties and unfavourable impacts to market-based valuation assumptions. These charges included
$41 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences and brands, and $45 million to finite-life
intangible assets for program and feature film rights. The impairment was determined by comparing the carrying value of the
CGUs to their fair value less cost of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the CGUs using both discounted cash flows and
market-based valuation models, which include five-year cash flow projections derived from business plans reviewed by senior
management for the period of October 1, 2023 to December 31, 2028, using a discount rate of 9.5% and a perpetuity growth
rate of 0.0%. After impairments, the carrying value of our impacted CGU was $62 million.

There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill. See Note 22, Goodwill, for further details.

Additionally in 2023, we recorded impairment charges of $57 million related mainly to right-of-use assets for
certain office spaces we ceased using as part of our real estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.

2022
During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recognized $147 million of impairment charges for French TV channels within our Bell
Media segment. The impairment charges were the result of a reduction in advertising demand in the industry resulting from
economic uncertainties and unfavourable impacts to assumptions for discount rates. These charges included $94 million
allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences, and $53 million to finite-life intangible assets for program
and feature film rights. The impairment was determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to their fair value less
cost of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the CGUs using the discounted cash flow valuation models, which include five-
year cash flow projections derived from business plans reviewed by senior management for the period of October 1, 2022 to
December 31, 2027, using a discount rate of 10.3% and a perpetuity growth rate of 0.5%. After impairments, the carrying
value of our impacted CGUs was $109 million. In previous years' impairment analysis, the company's French Pay and French
TV channels were tested for recoverability as one French CGU. In 2022, the French Pay channels were grouped with English
Pay channels to form one CGU as a result of Bell Media launching a single bilingual premium pay product.

There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill. See Note 22, Goodwill, for further details.

Additionally in 2022, we recorded impairment charges of $132 million related mainly to right-of-use assets for certain office
spaces we ceased using as part of our real estate optimization strategy as a result of our hybrid work policy.




                                                                                                                                 31
Note 9                Other expense
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                       NOTE      2023           2022
Equity (losses) income from investments in associates and joint ventures                               20
   Loss on investment                                                                                         (581)            (42)
   Operations                                                                                                   28             (19)
Net mark-to-market losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
compensation plans                                                                                     29     (103)            (53)
Early debt redemption costs                                                                            25       (1)            (18)
Gains on investments                                                                                            80              24
Interest income                                                                                                 67              22
Gains (losses) on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets              11             (27)
Other                                                                                                           33              (2)
Total other expense                                                                                           (466)           (115)


Equity (losses) income from investments in associates and joint ventures
We recorded a loss on investment of $581 million and $42 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to equity losses on
our share of an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint ventures. The obligation is
marked to market each reporting period and the gain or loss on investment is recorded as equity gains or losses from
investments in associates and joint ventures.


Gains on investments
In 2023, we completed the sale of our 63% ownership in certain production studios. We recorded net cash proceeds of
$211 million and a gain on investment of $79 million. See Note 4, Business acquisitions and disposition, for additional details.

In 2022, we completed the sale of our wholly-owned subsidiary 6362222 Canada Inc. (Createch) and recorded a gain on sale
of $39 million.

Additionally, in 2022, we recorded a loss on investment of $13 million related to an obligation to repurchase at fair value the
minority interest in one of our subsidiaries.


Gains (losses) on disposals of property, plant and equipment
In 2023, in addition to losses recorded on retirements of property, plant and equipment, we sold land for total proceeds of
$54 million and recorded a gain of $53 million as part of our real estate optimization strategy.




                                                                                                                                  32
Note 10               Income taxes
The following table shows the significant components of income taxes deducted from net earnings.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                              2023        2022
Current taxes
   Current taxes                                                                                           (923)       (878)
   Uncertain tax positions                                                                                    8          91
   Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                               9           8
Deferred taxes
   Deferred taxes relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                         (75)       (176)
   Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                               1          (8)
   Recognition and utilization of loss carryforwards                                                        (24)         (4)
   Uncertain tax positions                                                                                    8          —
Total income taxes                                                                                         (996)       (967)


The following table reconciles the amount of reported income taxes in the income statements with income taxes calculated at
a statutory income tax rate of 26.8% for both 2023 and 2022.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                             2023         2022
Net earnings                                                                                            2,327       2,926
Add back income taxes                                                                                     996         967
Earnings before income taxes                                                                            3,323       3,893
Applicable statutory tax rate                                                                            26.8 %      26.8 %
Income taxes computed at applicable statutory rates                                                      (891)     (1,043)
Non-taxable portion of gains on investments                                                                 5           4
Uncertain tax positions                                                                                    16          91
Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                               10          —
Non-taxable portion of equity losses                                                                     (149)        (18)
Other                                                                                                      13          (1)
Total income taxes                                                                                       (996)       (967)
Average effective tax rate                                                                               30.0 %      24.8 %


The following table shows aggregate current and deferred taxes relating to items recognized outside the income statements.
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                   2023                       2022
                                                                            OTHER                        OTHER
                                                                  COMPREHENSIVE                   COMPREHENSIVE
                                                                    (LOSS)/INCOME       DEFICIT           LOSS       DEFICIT

Current taxes                                                                   (2)          1              —             3
Deferred taxes                                                                 199          (8)            (73)          (7)
Total income taxes recovery (expense)                                          197          (7)            (73)          (4)




                                                                                                                             33
The following table shows deferred taxes resulting from temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities recognized in the statements of financial position and their corresponding tax basis, as well as tax loss
carryforwards.
                                                                                              PROPERTY,
                                                                                              PLANT AND
                                                         NON-                                EQUIPMENT
                                                      CAPITAL          POST-   INDEFINITE-   AND FINITE-
                                                         LOSS    EMPLOYMENT           LIFE          LIFE
                                                       CARRY-        BENEFIT   INTANGIBLE    INTANGIBLE
   NET DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY                       FORWARDS          PLANS        ASSETS        ASSETS    OTHER        TOTAL
   January 1, 2022                                         63          (466)      (1,701)       (2,417)      (53)      (4,574)
   Income statements                                       (4)           15          (40)         (307)      148         (188)
   Business acquisitions                                    1            —           (26)          (21)        3          (43)
   Other comprehensive (loss)/income                       —           (151)          —             —         78          (73)
   Deficit                                                 —             —            —             —         (7)          (7)
   Other                                                   —             —            —             —         16           16
   December 31, 2022                                       60          (602)      (1,767)       (2,745)      185       (4,869)
   Income statements                                      (23)           10          (35)          (36)       (6)         (90)
   Business acquisitions/business disposition              (1)           —           (10)           (4)       (3)         (18)
   Other comprehensive income                              —            149           —             —         50          199
   Deficit                                                 —             —            —             —         (8)          (8)
   Reclassified to liabilities held for sale               —             —             7            (1)       —             6
   Other                                                   —             —            —              5         2            7
   December 31, 2023                                       36          (443)      (1,805)       (2,781)      220       (4,773)


At December 31, 2023, BCE had $156 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. We:
    • recognized a deferred tax asset of $36 million for $143 million of the non-capital loss carryforwards. These non-capital
       loss carryforwards expire in varying annual amounts from 2028 to 2043.
    • did not recognize a deferred tax asset for $13 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. This balance expires in varying
       annual amounts from 2031 to 2043.

At December 31, 2023, BCE had $55 million of unrecognized capital loss carryforwards, which can be carried forward
indefinitely.

At December 31, 2022, BCE had $251 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. We:

    •   recognized a deferred tax asset of $60 million for $231 million of the non-capital loss carryforwards. These non-capital
        loss carryforwards expire in varying annual amounts from 2025 to 2042.
    •   did not recognize a deferred tax asset for $20 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. This balance expires in varying
        annual amounts from 2023 to 2042.

At December 31, 2022, BCE had $67 million of unrecognized capital loss carryforwards, which can be carried forward
indefinitely.




                                                                                                                                 34
Note 11                     Earnings per share
The following table shows the components used in the calculation of basic and diluted net earnings per common share for
earnings attributable to common shareholders.
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                2023                 2022
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders - basic                                                                                    2,076               2,716
Dividends declared per common share (in dollars)                                                                                             3.87                3.68

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding (in millions)
  Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic                                                                              912.2                911.5
  Assumed exercise of stock options(1)                                                                                                         —                   0.5
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (in millions)                                                                912.2               912.0
(1) The calculation of the assumed exercise of stock options includes the effect of the average unrecognized future compensation cost of dilutive options. It excludes
    options for which the exercise price is higher than the average market value of a BCE common share. The number of excluded options was 6,395,513 in 2023 and
    nil in 2022.




Note 12                     Trade and other receivables
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                          NOTE                  2023                2022
                      (1)
Trade receivables                                                                                                                          3,959                4,102
Allowance for revenue adjustments                                                                                                           (145)                (160)
Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                                            29               (118)                (129)
Current tax receivable                                                                                                                        12                   48
Commodity taxes receivable                                                                                                                    12                   11
Other accounts receivable                                                                                                                    311                  266
Total trade and other receivables                                                                                                          4,031                4,138
(1) The details of securitized receivables are set out in Note 24, Debt due within one year.


Wireless device financing plan receivables
Wireless device financing plan receivables represent amounts owed to us under financing agreements that have not yet been
billed. The current portion of these balances is included in Trade receivables within the Trade and other receivables line item
on our statements of financial position and the long-term portion is included within the Other non-current assets line item on
our statements of financial position.

The following table summarizes our wireless device financing plan receivables.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                          NOTE                  2023                 2022
Current                                                                                                                                     1,052               1,021
Non-current                                                                                                                 21                401                 386
Total wireless device financing plan receivables (1)                                                                                        1,453               1,407

(1) Excludes allowance for doubtful accounts and allowance for revenue adjustments on the current portion of $45 million and $46 million at December 31,
   2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, and allowance for doubtful accounts and allowance for revenue adjustments on the non-current portion of
   $15 million at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                         35
Note 13                 Inventory
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                    2023               2022
Wireless devices and accessories                                                                                                  190                238
Merchandise and other                                                                                                             275                418
Total inventory                                                                                                                   465                656


The total amount of inventory subsequently recognized as an expense in cost of revenues was $3,334 million and $3,184
million for 2023 and 2022, respectively.



Note 14                 Contract assets and liabilities
The table below provides a reconciliation of the significant changes in the contract assets and the contract liabilities balances.
                                                                                                   Contract assets (1)            Contract liabilities
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                          NOTE          2023           2022            2023            2022
Opening balance, January 1                                                                              724            665          1,085          1,045
Revenue recognized included in contract liabilities at the beginning of
the year                                                                                                  —              —            (734)         (736)
Revenue recognized from contract liabilities included in contract assets
at the beginning of the year                                                                              84             89              —            —
Increase in contract liabilities during the year                                                          —              —              785          794
Increase in contract liabilities included in contract assets during the
year                                                                                                    (88)           (83)            —              —
Increase in contract assets from revenue recognized during the year                                     713            728             —              —
Contract assets transferred to trade receivables                                                       (613)          (586)             8             14
Acquisitions / (Disposition)                                                                 4           —              —              —               8
Contract terminations transferred to trade receivables                                                  (60)           (50)            (1)            (1)
Other                                                                                                   (25)           (39)           (55)           (39)
Ending balance, December 31                                                                             735            724          1,088          1,085
(1) Net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $18 million and $19 million at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. See Note 29, Financial
   and capital management, for additional details.




                                                                                                                                                        36
Note 15              Contract costs
The table below provides a reconciliation of the contract costs balance.
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                          2023              2022
 Opening balance, January 1                                                                             1,143               894
 Incremental costs of obtaining a contract and contract fulfillment costs                                 892               807
 Amortization included in operating costs                                                                (623)             (558)
 Ending balance, December 31                                                                            1,412             1,143


Contract costs are amortized over periods ranging from 12 to 95 months.




Note 16              Assets held for sale

On February 8, 2024, Bell Media announced the sale of 45 radio stations within the Bell Media segment. Completion of the
sale is expected in the fourth quarter of 2024, subject to regulatory approvals and other closing conditions. Estimated
proceeds for the stations and other radio related assets being sold are expected to be $54 million, resulting in an estimated
gain of $9 million to be recorded in other expense upon completion of the sale.

The assets and liabilities of these radio stations were presented as held for sale in our statements of financial position at
December 31, 2023, measured at the lower of their carrying amount and the estimated fair value less costs to sell. Property,
plant and equipment and leased assets included in assets held for sale were no longer depreciated or amortized effective
December 2023.

Our results for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 included revenues for these radio stations of $39 million and
$42 million and are recorded in the Bell Media segment. The transaction did not have a significant impact on our net earnings
for 2023 and 2022.

The following table summarizes the carrying value of the assets and liabilities that are classified as held for sale at December
31, 2023.
                                                                                                       NOTE                 2023
  Property, plant and equipment                                                                           17                    12
  Intangible assets                                                                                       19                    26
  Goodwill                                                                                                22                    22
Total assets held for sale                                                                                                      60
  Long-term debt                                                                                                                 7
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                       6
  Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                  2
Total liabilities held for sale                                                                                                 15
Net assets held for sale                                                                                                        45




                                                                                                                                 37
Note 17                    Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                             NETWORK
                                                                                      INFRASTRUCTURE        LAND AND      ASSETS UNDER
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023                                         NOTE     AND EQUIPMENT (1)   BUILDINGS (1)   CONSTRUCTION     TOTAL
COST
January 1, 2023                                                                                 71,875          9,139            2,598    83,612
Additions                                                                                        2,990            795            2,176     5,961
Business acquisitions/(business disposition)                                                         8           (103)            (100)     (195)
Transfers                                                                                        1,368             79           (2,317)     (870)
Retirements and disposals                                                                       (1,557)           (53)              (2)   (1,612)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                          8                 —             (42)              —        (42)
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                             16                 (8)           (10)              —        (18)
December 31, 2023                                                                               74,676          9,805            2,355    86,836
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
January 1, 2023                                                                                 49,236          5,120               —     54,356
Depreciation                                                                                     3,254            491               —      3,745
Business disposition                                                                                (1)           (17)              —        (18)
Retirements and disposals                                                                       (1,508)           (37)              —     (1,545)
Transfers                                                                                           23              2               —         25
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                             16                 (6)            —                —         (6)
Other                                                                                              (72)            (1)              —        (73)
December 31, 2023                                                                               50,926          5,558               —     56,484
NET CARRYING AMOUNT
January 1, 2023                                                                                 22,639          4,019            2,598    29,256
December 31, 2023                                                                               23,750          4,247            2,355    30,352
(1) Includes right-of-use assets. See Note 18, Leases, for additional details.




                                                                                                                                               38
                                                                                               NETWORK
                                                                                        INFRASTRUCTURE        LAND AND      ASSETS UNDER
  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022                                           NOTE   AND EQUIPMENT (1)   BUILDINGS (1)   CONSTRUCTION     TOTAL
  COST
  January 1, 2022                                                                                 70,923          8,889            2,241    82,053
  Additions                                                                                        2,824            394            2,675     5,893
  Business acquisitions/(business disposition)                                                        11            (28)               3       (14)
  Transfers                                                                                        1,180             51           (2,318)   (1,087)
  Retirements and disposals                                                                       (3,063)           (35)              (3)   (3,101)
  Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                          8                 —            (132)              —       (132)
  December 31, 2022                                                                               71,875          9,139            2,598    83,612
  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
  January 1, 2022                                                                                 49,122          4,696               —     53,818
  Depreciation                                                                                     3,195            465               —      3,660
  Business disposition                                                                               (14)            (7)              —        (21)
  Retirements and disposals                                                                       (3,025)           (28)              —     (3,053)
  Transfers                                                                                            2             (2)              —         —
  Other                                                                                              (44)            (4)              —        (48)
  December 31, 2022                                                                               49,236          5,120               —     54,356
  NET CARRYING AMOUNT
  January 1, 2022                                                                                 21,801          4,193            2,241    28,235
  December 31, 2022                                                                               22,639          4,019            2,598    29,256

(1) Includes right-of-use assets. See Note 18, Leases, for additional details.




                                                                                                                                                     39
Note 18              Leases
Right-of-use assets
BCE’s significant right-of-use assets under leases are satellites, office premises, land, cellular tower sites, retail outlets and
OOH advertising spaces. Right-of-use assets are presented in Property, plant and equipment in the statements of financial
position.

                                                                                              NETWORK
                                                                                       INFRASTRUCTURE          LAND AND
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023                                       NOTE          AND EQUIPMENT        BUILDINGS        TOTAL
COST
January 1, 2023                                                                                   3,693           4,119        7,812
Additions                                                                                           832             729        1,561
Transfers                                                                                          (215)             (4)        (219)
Business disposition                                                                                 —              (20)         (20)
Lease terminations                                                                                  (37)            (15)         (52)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                        8                    —              (30)         (30)
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                                                 (2)             (5)          (7)
December 31, 2023                                                                                 4,271           4,774        9,045
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
January 1, 2023                                                                                   1,804           1,858        3,662
Depreciation                                                                                        425             364          789
Transfers                                                                                          (113)             (1)        (114)
Business disposition                                                                                 —               (3)          (3)
Lease terminations                                                                                  (13)             (2)         (15)
December 31, 2023                                                                                 2,103           2,216        4,319
NET CARRYING AMOUNT
January 1, 2023                                                                                   1,889           2,261        4,150
December 31, 2023                                                                                 2,168           2,558        4,726




                                                                                                                                     40
                                                                                              NETWORK
                                                                                       INFRASTRUCTURE     LAND AND
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022                                          NOTE       AND EQUIPMENT   BUILDINGS      TOTAL
COST
January 1, 2022                                                                                 3,240       3,931       7,171
Additions                                                                                         681         336       1,017
Transfers                                                                                        (195)          (6)      (201)
Business acquisitions/(business disposition)                                                        2          (11)        (9)
Lease terminations                                                                                (35)          (7)       (42)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                           8               —         (124)       (124)
December 31, 2022                                                                               3,693       4,119       7,812
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
January 1, 2022                                                                                 1,554       1,538       3,092
Depreciation                                                                                      374         335         709
Transfers                                                                                        (112)         (5)       (117)
Business disposition                                                                               —           (7)         (7)
Lease terminations                                                                                (12)         (3)        (15)
December 31, 2022                                                                               1,804       1,858       3,662
NET CARRYING AMOUNT
January 1, 2022                                                                                 1,686       2,393       4,079
December 31, 2022                                                                               1,889       2,261       4,150


Leases in net earnings
The following table provides the expenses related to leases recognized in net earnings.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                             2023           2022
Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                      193            165
Variable lease payment expenses not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                       126            133
Expenses for leases of low value assets                                                                     63             60
Expenses for short-term leases                                                                              29             27

Leases in the statements of cash flows
Total cash outflow related to leases was $1,455 million and $1,272 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 and
December 31, 2022, respectively.

Additional disclosures
See Note 24, Debt due within one year, and Note 25, Long-term debt, for lease liabilities balances included in the statements
of financial position.
See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for a maturity analysis of lease liabilities.
See Note 34, Commitments and contingencies, for leases committed but not yet commenced as at December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                                            41
Note 19              Intangible assets
                                              FINITE-LIFE                                INDEFINITE-LIFE
                                                   PROGRAM
                                                         AND
                                       CUSTOMER FEATURE                            SPECTRUM                        TOTAL
FOR THE YEAR ENDED                      RELATION-       FILM                       AND OTHER BROADCAST        INTANGIBLE
DECEMBER 31, 2023  NOTE       SOFTWARE      SHIPS    RIGHTS OTHER     TOTAL BRANDS  LICENCES   LICENCES TOTAL     ASSETS
COST
January 1, 2023                 10,543      1,802      603     407 13,355       2,435      5,905       1,486 9,826       23,181
Additions                          471         —     1,260     149 1,880           —          53          —     53        1,933
Business
acquisitions/(business
disposition)                        10         45        —      (4)      51       31          (7)           —     24        75
Transfers                          897         —         —     (27)     870       —           —             —     —        870
Retirements and
disposals                         (576)       (69)       (2)    (4)    (651)       —          (2)           (9)   (11)     (662)
Impairment losses
recognized in
earnings                  8          —         —        (45)    —        (45)     (34)        —            (17)   (51)      (96)
Amortization included
in operating costs                   —         —     (1,165)    —     (1,165)      —          —             —      —     (1,165)
Reclassified to assets
held for sale            16          —         —        —       —      —           —          —          (26)  (26)         (26)
December 31, 2023                11,345     1,778      651     521 14,295       2,432      5,949       1,434 9,815       24,110
ACCUMULATED
AMORTIZATION
January 1, 2023                   5,734     1,060        —     204    6,998        —          —             —      —      6,998
Amortization                      1,033        98        —      42    1,173        —          —             —      —      1,173
Retirements and
disposals                          (574)      (69)       —      (2)    (645)       —          —             —      —       (645)
Transfers                            —         —         —     (25)     (25)       —          —             —      —        (25)
December 31, 2023                 6,193     1,089        —     219    7,501        —          —             —      —      7,501
NET CARRYING
AMOUNT
January 1, 2023                   4,809      742       603     203    6,357     2,435      5,905       1,486 9,826       16,183
December 31, 2023                 5,152      689       651     302    6,794     2,432      5,949       1,434 9,815       16,609




                                                                                                                              42
                                             FINITE-LIFE                                INDEFINITE-LIFE
                                                 PROGRAM
                                                      AND
FOR THE YEAR                          CUSTOMER FEATURE                              SPECTRUM                                TOTAL
ENDED DECEMBER                         RELATION-      FILM                         AND OTHER BROADCAST                 INTANGIBLE
31, 2022                NOTE SOFTWARE      SHIPS   RIGHTS OTHER        TOTAL BRANDS LICENCES   LICENCES          TOTAL     ASSETS
COST
January 1, 2022                  9,565    1,736        631     404    12,336    2,409    5,786       1,580       9,775     22,111
Additions                          484        1      1,208       7     1,700       —        44          —           44      1,744
Business acquisitions                6       65         —        3        74       26       75          —          101        175
Transfers                        1,087       —          —       —      1,087       —        —           —           —       1,087
Retirements and
disposals                         (599)      —             —    (7)     (606)      —        —              —        —       (606)
Impairment losses
recognized in
earnings                   8        —        —         (53)     —        (53)      —        —             (94)     (94)     (147)
Amortization included
in operating costs                  —        —      (1,183)     —     (1,183)      —        —           —           —     (1,183)
December 31, 2022               10,543    1,802        603     407    13,355    2,435    5,905       1,486       9,826    23,181
ACCUMULATED
AMORTIZATION
January 1, 2022                  5,407      969            —   165     6,541       —        —              —        —      6,541
Amortization                       926       91            —    46     1,063       —        —              —        —      1,063
Retirements and
disposals                         (599)      —             —    (7)     (606)      —        —              —        —       (606)
December 31, 2022                5,734    1,060            —   204     6,998       —        —              —        —      6,998
NET CARRYING
AMOUNT
January 1, 2022                  4,158      767       631      239     5,795    2,409    5,786       1,580       9,775    15,570
December 31, 2022                4,809      742       603      203     6,357    2,435    5,905       1,486       9,826    16,183




                                                                                                                               43
Note 20 Investments in associates and joint ventures
The following tables provide summarized financial information with respect to BCE’s associates and joint ventures. For more
details on our associates and joint ventures, see Note 35, Related party transactions.

Statements of financial position

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                  NOTE               2023         2022
Assets                                                                                                                            4,050        3,857
Liabilities                                                                                                                      (3,875)      (2,641)
Total net assets                                                                                                                    175        1,216
BCE's share of net assets                                                                                                           323          608
BCE’s share of net liabilities                                                                                    28               (252)          —



Income statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                 NOTE               2023          2022
Revenues                                                                                                                         2,722         2,335
Expenses                                                                                                                        (3,832)       (2,456)
Total net losses                                                                                                                (1,110)         (121)
BCE’s share of net losses                                                                                          9              (553)          (61)




Note 21                  Other non-current assets
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                 NOTE                 2023         2022
Long-term wireless device financing plan receivables                                                              12               401           386
Long-term receivables                                                                                                              331           255
Derivative assets                                                                                                 29               116           233
Publicly-traded and privately-held investments                                                                    29               587           215
Investments(1)                                                                                                     29              216           184
Other                                                                                                                               63            82
Total other non-current assets                                                                                                   1,714         1,355

(1) These amounts have been pledged as security related to obligations for certain employee benefits and are not available for general use.




                                                                                                                                                   44
Note 22               Goodwill
The following table provides details about the changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill for the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022. BCE’s groups of CGUs for purposes of goodwill impairment testing correspond to our reporting
segments.
                                                                                                         BELL
                                                                       NOTE         BELL CTS            MEDIA             BCE
Balance at January 1, 2022                                                             7,626            2,946          10,572
Acquisitions                                                              4              334               —              334
Balance at December 31, 2022                                                           7,960            2,946          10,906
Acquisitions, disposition and other                                        4             139              (81)             58
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                     16               —               (22)            (22)
Balance at December 31, 2023                                                           8,099            2,843          10,942



Impairment testing
Goodwill is tested annually for impairment or when there is an indication that goodwill might be impaired, by comparing the
carrying value of a CGU or group of CGUs to its recoverable amount, where the recoverable amount is the higher of fair value
less costs of disposal and its value in use.

RECOVERABLE AMOUNT

The recoverable amount for each of the Bell CTS and Bell Media group of CGUs is its value in use.

The recoverable amount for our groups of CGUs is determined by discounting five-year cash flow projections derived from
business plans reviewed by senior management. The projections reflect management’s expectations of revenue, adjusted
EBITDA, capital expenditures, working capital and operating cash flows, based on past experience and future expectations of
operating performance, including any impact from changes in interest rates and inflation.

Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using perpetuity growth rates. None of the perpetuity growth rates
exceeds the long-term historical growth rates for the markets in which we operate.

The discount rates are applied to the cash flow projections and are derived from the weighted average cost of capital for each
group of CGUs.

The following table shows the key assumptions used to estimate the recoverable amounts of our groups of CGUs.
                                                                                                ASSUMPTIONS USED
                                                                                              PERPETUITY     DISCOUNT
GROUPS OF CGUs                                                                              GROWTH RATE          RATE
Bell CTS                                                                                              1.5 %            7.0 %
Bell Media                                                                                            0.7 %           10.2 %


We believe that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions on which the estimate of recoverable amount of the
Bell CTS group of CGUs is based would not cause its carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.

For the Bell Media group of CGUs, a decrease of (0.3%) in the perpetuity growth rate or an increase of 0.2% in the discount
rate would have resulted in its recoverable amount being equal to its carrying value.




                                                                                                                               45
Note 23                    Trade payables and other liabilities
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                               NOTE              2023             2022
Trade payables and accruals                                                                                  3,308           3,602
Compensation payable                                                                                           599             607
Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) financial liability (1)                          29             —              149
Commodity taxes payable                                                                                        143             108
Derivative liabilities                                                                           29            107             106
Provisions                                                                                       26             65              74
Other current liabilities                                                                                      507             575
Total trade payables and other liabilities                                                                   4,729           5,221
(1) Represented BCE’s obligation to repurchase the BCE Master Trust Fund’s (Master Trust Fund) 9% interest in MLSE at a price not less than an agreed
    minimum price. In January 2023, BCE repurchased the interest held by the Master Trust Fund, a trust fund that holds pension fund investments serving
    the pension obligations of the BCE group pension plan participants, in MLSE for a cash consideration of $149 million.




Note 24                    Debt due within one year
                                                                                                        WEIGHTED
                                                                                                         AVERAGE
                                                                                                    INTEREST RATE
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                           NOTE AT DECEMBER 31, 2023                              2023                 2022
                  (1)
Notes payable                                                                               29                        5.21 %                    207                 869
Loans secured by receivables(2)                                                             29                        6.16 %                  1,588               1,588
Long-term debt due within one year(3)                                                       25                        3.60 %                  3,247               1,680
Total debt due within one year                                                                                                                5,042               4,137

(1) Includes commercial paper of $149 million in U.S. dollars ($197 million in Canadian dollars) and $627 million in U.S. dollars ($849 million in Canadian dollars) as at
    December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, which were issued under our U.S. commercial paper program and have been hedged for foreign
    currency fluctuations with forward currency contracts. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(2) Loans secured by receivables totaled $1,200 million in U.S. dollars ($1,588 million in Canadian dollars) and $1,173 million in U.S. dollars ($1,588 million in
    Canadian dollars) as at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, and have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with forward currency
    contracts. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(3) Included in long-term debt due within one year is the current portion of lease liabilities of $1,074 million and $930 million as at December 31, 2023 and December
    31, 2022, respectively.



Securitized receivables
In 2022, we entered into a new securitization program which replaced our previous securitized trade receivables program and
now includes wireless device financing plan receivables. As a result, the maximum amount available under our securitization
program increased from $1.3 billion at December 31, 2021 to $2.3 billion at December 31, 2022.

In 2023, we amended our securitization program to add sustainability-linked pricing. The amendment introduces a financing
cost that varies based on our performance of certain sustainability performance targets.

The following table provides further details on our securitized receivables programs during 2023 and 2022.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                2023                   2022
Average interest rate throughout the year                                                                                                 5.72 %                 3.15 %
Securitized receivables                                                                                                                  3,320                  3,353




                                                                                                                                                                        46
The securitization program is recorded as a floating rate revolving loan secured by certain receivables. We continue to service
trade receivables and wireless device financing plan receivables under the securitization program, which matures in July 2025
unless previously terminated. The lenders' interest in the collection of these receivables ranks ahead of our interests, which
means that we are exposed to certain risks of default on the amounts securitized.

We have provided various credit enhancements in the form of overcollateralization and subordination of our retained interests.

The lenders have no further claim on our other assets if customers do not pay the amounts owed.

Credit facilities

Bell Canada may issue notes under its Canadian and U.S. commercial paper programs up to the maximum aggregate
principal amount of $3 billion in either Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no time shall such maximum amount of
notes exceed $3.5 billion in Canadian currency, which equals the aggregate amount available under Bell Canada’s committed
supporting revolving and expansion credit facilities as at December 31, 2023. The total amount of the net available committed
revolving and expansion credit facilities may be drawn at any time.

In 2023, Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility) entered into a $600 million U.S. dollar uncommitted trade loan agreement to finance
certain purchase obligations. Loan requests may be made until April 30, 2024, with each loan having a term of up to 24
months. The loan agreement has been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations. See Note 29, Financial and capital
management, for additional details.

The table below is a summary of our total bank credit facilities at December 31, 2023.

                                                                                                                                          COMMERCIAL
                                                                                        TOTAL                         LETTERS OF               PAPER                NET
                                                                                    AVAILABLE           DRAWN             CREDIT         OUTSTANDING          AVAILABLE
Committed credit facilities
 Unsecured revolving and expansion credit facilities (1)(2)                              3,500               —                   —                   197           3,303
 Unsecured non-revolving credit facilities (3)                                             641               —                   —                    —              641
 Other                                                                                     106               —                   81                   —               25
Total committed credit facilities                                                        4,247               —                   81                  197           3,969
Non-committed credit facilities
 Bell Canada                                                                             2,159              —                   862                   —            1,297
 Bell Mobility                                                                             794             476                   —                    —              318
Total non-committed credit facilities                                                    2,953             476                  862                   —            1,615
Total committed and non-committed credit facilities                                      7,200             476                  943                  197           5,584
(1) Bell Canada’s $2.5 billion committed revolving credit facility expires in May 2028 and its $1 billion committed expansion credit facility expires in May 2026. In 2022,
    Bell Canada converted its committed credit facilities into a sustainability-linked loan. The amendment introduces a borrowing cost that varies based on our
    performance of certain sustainability performance targets.
(2) As of December 31, 2023, Bell Canada’s outstanding commercial paper included $149 million in U.S. dollars ($197 million in Canadian dollars). All of Bell Canada’s
    commercial paper outstanding is included in Debt due within one year.
(3) In 2022, Bell Canada entered into two 30-year senior unsecured non-revolving credit facilities in the aggregate principal amount of up to $647 million to partly fund
    the expansion of its broadband networks as part of government subsidy programs. In 2023, the maximum aggregate principal amount of such credit facilities was
    decreased to $641 million.



Restrictions
Some of our credit agreements:

     •     require us to meet specific financial ratios
     •     require us to offer to repay and cancel the credit agreement upon a change of control of BCE or Bell Canada

We are in compliance with all conditions and restrictions under such credit agreements.




                                                                                                                                                                         47
Note 25                   Long-term debt
                                                                                        WEIGHTED
                                                                                         AVERAGE
                                                                                  INTEREST RATE AT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                         NOTE      DECEMBER 31, 2023                MATURITY                   2023                2022
   Debt securities
     1997 trust indenture (1)                                                                   4.02 %           2024-2053               19,768              16,747
     1976 trust indenture                                                                       9.38 %           2027-2054                  975                 975
     2011 trust indenture                                                                       4.00 %                2024                  225                 225
     2016 U.S. trust indenture (2)                                                              3.58 %           2024-2052                7,529               6,525
     1996 trust indenture (subordinated)                                                        8.21 %           2026-2031                  275                 275
   Lease liabilities                                                                            5.82 %           2024-2068                4,857               4,402
   Bell Mobility trade loan (3)                                                                 6.98 %                2025                  476                  —
   Other                                                                                                                                    422                 449
Total debt                                                                                                                               34,527              29,598
   Net unamortized discount                                                                                                                 (33)                (34)
   Unamortized debt issuance costs                                                                                                         (112)               (101)
   Less:
     Amount due within one year                                            24                                                            (3,247)             (1,680)
Total long-term debt                                                                                                                     31,135              27,783

(1) At December 31, 2023 and 2022, $1,625 million and $500 million, respectively, have been swapped from fixed to floating using interest rate swaps. As at December
    31, 2023, $700 million and $525 million have been swapped from fixed to floating with forward interest rate swaps starting in 2024 and 2028, respectively. See Note
    29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(2) At December 31, 2023 and 2022, notes issued under the 2016 U.S. trust indenture totaled $5,700 million and $4,850 million in U.S. dollars, respectively, and have
    been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with cross currency interest rate swaps, including $600 million in U.S. dollars, which has been swapped from fixed to
    floating. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(3) At December 31, 2023, loans incurred under the Bell Mobility trade loan agreement totaled $360 million in U.S. dollars and have been hedged for foreign currency
    fluctuations with cross currency interest rate swaps. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.



Bell Canada's debt securities have been issued in Canadian dollars with the exception of debt securities issued under the
2016 U.S. trust indenture, which have been issued in U.S. dollars. All debt securities were issued at a fixed interest rate. We
have entered into interest rate and cross currency interest rate derivatives to manage interest rate risk as disclosed in Note
29, Financial and capital management.


Restrictions

Some of our debt agreements:

     •    impose covenants and new issue tests
     •    require us to make an offer to repurchase certain series of debt securities upon the occurrence of a change of control
          event as defined in the relevant debt agreements

We are in compliance with all conditions and restrictions under such debt agreements.

All outstanding debt securities have been issued under trust indentures, are unsecured and have been guaranteed by BCE.
All debt securities have been issued in series and certain series are redeemable at Bell Canada’s option prior to maturity at
the prices, times and conditions specified for each series.




                                                                                                                                                                    48
2023
On November 14, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.85% Series M-57 medium-term note (MTN)
debentures, with a principal amount of $300 million, which mature on November 10, 2032. The Series M-57 debentures were
issued pursuant to a re-opening of an existing series of MTN debentures. Additionally on the same date, Bell Canada issued
under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.25% Series M-62 MTN debentures, with a principal amount of $700 million, which mature on
March 15, 2029.

On August 11, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.15% Series M-60 MTN debentures, with a principal
amount of $600 million, which mature on November 14, 2028. Additionally, on the same date, Bell Canada issued under its
1997 trust indenture, 5.60% Series M-61 MTN debentures, with a principal amount of $400 million, which mature on August
11, 2053.

On May 11, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under its 2016 trust indenture, 5.100% Series US-8 Notes, with a principal amount of
$850 million in U.S. dollars ($1,138 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on May 11, 2033. The Series US-8 Notes have
been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with cross currency interest rate swaps. See Note 29, Financial and capital
management, for additional details.

On February 9, 2023, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 4.55% Series M-58 MTN debentures, with a
principal amount of $1,050 million, which mature on February 9, 2030. Additionally, on the same date, Bell Canada issued,
under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.15% Series M-59 MTN debentures, with a principal amount of $450 million, which mature on
February 9, 2053.

Subsequent to year end, on February 15, 2024, Bell Canada issued, under its 2016 trust indenture, 5.200% Series US-9
Notes, with a principal amount of $700 million in U.S. dollars ($942 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on February 15,
2034. The Series US-9 Notes have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with cross currency interest rate swaps.
Additionally, on the same date, Bell Canada issued, under its 2016 trust indenture, 5.550% Series US-10 Notes, with a
principal amount of $750 million in U.S. dollars ($1,009 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on February 15, 2054. The
Series US-10 Notes have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with cross currency interest rate swaps and in
addition, $336 million in Canadian dollars have been hedged for changes in fair value with interest rate swaps.

2022

On November 10, 2022, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 5.85% Series M-57 MTN debentures, with a
principal amount of $1 billion, which mature on November 10, 2032.

On March 16, 2022, Bell Canada redeemed, prior to maturity, its 3.35% Series M-26 MTN debentures, having an outstanding
principal amount of $1 billion, which were due on March 22, 2023. As a result, for the year ended December 31, 2022, we
recognized early debt redemption charges of $18 million, which were recorded in Other expense in the income statements.

On February 11, 2022, Bell Canada issued, under its 2016 trust indenture, 3.650% Series US-7 Notes, with a principal amount
of $750 million in U.S. dollars ($954 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on August 15, 2052. The Series US-7 Notes
have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations with cross currency interest rate swaps. See Note 29, Financial and capital
management, for additional details.




                                                                                                                             49
Note 26 Provisions
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                NOTE     AROs             Other (1)           Total
January 1, 2023                                                                         165                197              362
Additions                                                                                 6                 39               45
Usage                                                                                    (5)               (26)             (31)
Reversals                                                                                (3)               (22)             (25)
December 31, 2023                                                                       163                188              351
Current                                                                         23       30                 35               65
Non-current                                                                     28      133                153              286
December 31, 2023                                                                       163                188              351
(1) Other includes environmental, legal, vacant space and other provisions.


AROs reflect management’s best estimates of expected future costs to restore current leased premises to their original
condition prior to lease inception. Cash outflows associated with our ARO liabilities are generally expected to occur at the
restoration dates of the assets to which they relate, which are long-term in nature. The timing and extent of restoration work
that will be ultimately required for these sites is uncertain.



Note 27                  Post-employment benefit plans
POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS COST
We provide pension and other benefits for most of our employees. These include DB pension plans, DC pension plans and
OPEBs.

We operate our DB and DC pension plans under applicable Canadian and provincial pension legislation, which prescribes
minimum and maximum DB funding requirements. Plan assets are held in trust, and the oversight of governance of the plans,
including investment decisions, contributions to DB plans and the selection of the DC plans investment options offered to plan
participants, lies with the Risk and Pension Fund Committee, a committee of our board of directors.

The interest rate risk is managed using a liability matching approach, which reduces the exposure of the DB plans to a
mismatch between investment growth and obligation growth.

The longevity risk is managed using a longevity swap, which reduces the exposure of the DB plans to an increase in life
expectancy.

COMPONENTS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS SERVICE COST

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                2023          2022
DB pension                                                                                                   (128)         (193)
DC pension                                                                                                   (133)         (118)
OPEBs                                                                                                          (1)           (2)
Less:
   Capitalized benefit plans cost                                                                              56            64
Total post-employment benefit plans service cost                                                             (206)         (249)


COMPONENTS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS FINANCING INCOME

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                2023          2022
DB pension                                                                                                    149             84
OPEBs                                                                                                         (41)           (33)
Total net return on post-employment benefit plans                                                             108             51




                                                                                                                                 50
The statements of comprehensive income include the following amounts before income taxes.

                                                                                                                                            2023              2022
Cumulative gains recognized directly in equity, January 1                                                                                   985               419
  Actuarial (losses) gains in other comprehensive (loss) income(1)                                                                         (835)              894
  Decrease (increase) in the effect of the asset limit in other comprehensive (loss) income(2)                                              282              (328)
Cumulative gains recognized directly in equity, December 31                                                                                 432               985
(1) The cumulative actuarial gains recognized in the statements of comprehensive income are $864 million at December 31, 2023.
(2) The cumulative increase in the effect of the asset limit recognized in the statements of comprehensive income is $432 million at December 31, 2023.




COMPONENTS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT ASSETS (OBLIGATIONS)

The following table shows the change in post-employment benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets.
                                                                               DB PENSION PLANS                   OPEB PLANS                      TOTAL
                                                                                   2023       2022                 2023      2022                2023         2022
Post-employment benefit obligations, January 1                                  (19,295)       (24,544)         (1,138)       (1,457)       (20,433)      (26,001)
    Current service cost                                                           (128)          (193)             (1)           (2)          (129)          (195)
    Interest on obligations                                                        (993)          (770)            (58)          (44)        (1,051)          (814)
    Actuarial (losses) gains(1)                                                  (1,572)         4,856              51           294         (1,521)         5,150
    Benefit payments                                                              1,401          1,366              72            70          1,473          1,436
    Employee contributions                                                           (8)            (9)             —             —              (8)            (9)
    Other                                                                            —              (1)             —              1             —              —
Post-employment benefit obligations, December 31                                (20,595)       (19,295)         (1,074)       (1,138)       (21,669)      (20,433)
Fair value of plan assets, January 1                                             23,355         28,040             327           351         23,682        28,391
    Expected return on plan assets(2)                                             1,195            875              17            11          1,212            886
    Actuarial gains (losses) (1)                                                    692         (4,227)             (6)          (29)           686        (4,256)
    Benefit payments                                                             (1,401)        (1,366)            (72)          (70)        (1,473)       (1,436)
    Employer contributions                                                           41             81              64            64            105            145
    Employee contributions                                                            8              9              —             —               8              9
    Transfers to DC plans                                                          (124)           (57)             —             —            (124)           (57)
    Other                                                                             2             —               —             —               2             —
Fair value of plan assets, December 31                                           23,768         23,355             330           327         24,098        23,682
Plan asset (deficit)                                                              3,173          4,060            (744)         (811)         2,429          3,249
Effect of asset limit                                                              (719)          (980)             —             —            (719)          (980)
Interest on effect of asset limit                                                   (53)           (21)             —             —             (53)           (21)
Post-employment benefit asset (liability), December 31                            2,401          3,059            (744)         (811)         1,657          2,248
Post-employment benefit assets                                                    2,935          3,559              —             —           2,935          3,559
Post-employment benefit obligations                                                (534)          (500)           (744)         (811)        (1,278)        (1,311)
(1) Actuarial (losses) gains include experience gains of $734 million in 2023 and losses of ($4,729) million in 2022.
(2) The actual return (loss) on plan assets was $1,898 million or 8.8% in 2023 and ($3,370) million or (11.6%) in 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                 51
FUNDED STATUS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS

The following table shows the funded status of our post-employment benefit obligations.

                                                               FUNDED                PARTIALLY FUNDED(1)          UNFUNDED(2)                      TOTAL
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                 2023             2022      2023      2022           2023       2022                2023        2022
Present value of post-employment benefit
obligations                                                (20,004)          (18,741)   (1,453)    (1,461)         (212)          (231)        (21,669)    (20,433)
Fair value of plan assets                                   23,703            23,291       395        391            —              —           24,098      23,682
Plan surplus (deficit)                                        3,699            4,550    (1,058)    (1,070)         (212)          (231)          2,429       3,249
Effect of asset limit                                          (772)          (1,001)       —          —             —              —             (772)     (1,001)
Post-employment benefit asset (liability)                     2,927            3,549    (1,058)    (1,070)         (212)          (231)          1,657       2,248

(1) The partially funded plans consist of supplementary executive retirement plans (SERPs) for eligible employees and certain OPEBs. The company partially funds the
    SERPs through letters of credit and a retirement compensation arrangement account with Canada Revenue Agency. Certain paid-up life insurance benefits are
    funded through life insurance contracts.
(2) Our unfunded plans consist of certain OPEBs, which are paid as claims are incurred.


SIGNIFICANT ASSUMPTIONS
We used the following key assumptions to measure the post-employment benefit obligations and the net benefit plans cost for
the DB pension plans and OPEB plans. These assumptions are long-term, which is consistent with the nature of post-
employment benefit plans.
                                                                                                               DB PENSION PLANS AND OPEB PLANS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                              2023             2022
Post-employment benefit obligations
   Discount rate                                                                                                                  4.6 %                     5.3 %
   Rate of compensation increase                                                                                                 2.25 %                    2.25 %
   Cost of living indexation rate(1)                                                                                              1.6 %                     1.6 %
   Life expectancy at age 65 (years)                                                                                             23.4                      23.3
(1) Cost of living indexation rate is only applicable to DB pension plans.


                                                                                                                 DB PENSION PLANS AND OPEB PLANS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                               2023            2022
Net post-employment benefit plans cost
   Discount rate                                                                                                                  5.3 %                     3.4 %
   Rate of compensation increase                                                                                                 2.25 %                    2.25 %
   Cost of living indexation rate(1)                                                                                              1.6 %                     1.6 %
   Life expectancy at age 65 (years)                                                                                             23.3                      23.3
(1) Cost of living indexation rate is only applicable to DB pension plans.

The weighted average duration of the post-employment benefit obligation is 12 years.

We assumed the following trend rates in healthcare costs:
•          an annual increase in the cost of medication of 6.5% for 2023 decreasing to 4.0% over 20 years
•          an annual increase in the cost of covered dental benefits of 4.5%
•          an annual increase in the cost of covered hospital benefits of 3.7%
•          an annual increase in the cost of other covered healthcare benefits of 4.5%
Assumed trend rates in healthcare costs have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the healthcare plans.
The following table shows the effect of a 1% change in the assumed trend rates in healthcare costs.
EFFECT ON POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS – INCREASE/(DECREASE)                                                                   1% INCREASE              1% DECREASE
Total service and interest cost                                                                                                            3                    (3)
Post-employment benefit obligations                                                                                                       64                   (47)




                                                                                                                                                                 52
SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS

The following table shows a sensitivity analysis of key assumptions used to measure the net post-employment benefit
obligations and the net post-employment benefit plans cost for our DB pension plans and OPEB plans.

                                                           IMPACT ON NET POST-EMPLOYMENT        IMPACT ON POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT
                                                             BENEFIT PLANS COST FOR 2023 –       OBLIGATIONS AT DECEMBER 31, 2023 –
                                                                 INCREASE/(DECREASE)                   INCREASE/(DECREASE)
                                              CHANGE IN       INCREASE IN       DECREASE IN          INCREASE IN      DECREASE IN
                                            ASSUMPTION        ASSUMPTION        ASSUMPTION           ASSUMPTION       ASSUMPTION
Discount rate                                     0.5 %               (83)                78              (1,146)            1,255
Cost of living indexation rate                    0.5 %                55                (46)              1,007              (822)
Life expectancy at age 65                         1 year               38                (39)                714              (735)


POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLAN ASSETS
The investment strategy for the post-employment benefit plan assets is to maintain a diversified portfolio of assets invested in
a prudent manner to maintain the security of benefits.

The following table shows the target allocations for 2023 and the allocation of our post-employment benefit plan assets at
December 31, 2023 and 2022.

                                                                           WEIGHTED
                                                                            AVERAGE
                                                                              TARGET
                                                                          ALLOCATION           TOTAL PLAN ASSETS FAIR VALUE
ASSET CATEGORY                                                                   2023        December 31, 2023   December 31, 2022
Equity securities                                                              0%-40%                   13 %                  15 %
Debt securities                                                              50%-100%                   55 %                  52 %
Alternative investments                                                        0%-50%                   32 %                  33 %
Total                                                                                                  100 %                 100 %



The following table shows the fair value of the DB pension plan assets for each category.
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                             2023                2022
Observable markets data
  Equity securities
       Canadian                                                                                             858                824
       Foreign                                                                                            2,265              2,555
  Debt securities
       Canadian                                                                                         10,284               9,904
       Foreign                                                                                           1,550               1,537
       Money market                                                                                      1,222                 739
Non-observable markets inputs
  Alternative investments
       Private equities                                                                                    831               1,017
       Hedge funds                                                                                       1,268               1,374
       Real estate and infrastructure                                                                    4,221               4,297
       Private debt                                                                                      1,237               1,048
       Other                                                                                                32                  60
Total                                                                                                   23,768              23,355




                                                                                                                                 53
Equity securities included approximately $9 million of BCE common shares, or 0.04% of total plan assets, at December 31,
2023 and $11 million of BCE common shares, or 0.05% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2022.

Debt securities included approximately $92 million of Bell Canada debentures, or 0.39% of total plan assets, at
December 31, 2023 and approximately $85 million of Bell Canada debentures, or 0.40% of total plan assets, at
December 31, 2022.

Alternative investments included an investment in MLSE of $149 million, or 0.64% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2022.
In 2023, BCE repurchased the Master Trust Fund's interest for cash consideration of $149 million. As such, the Master Trust
Fund no longer has any investment in MLSE as at December 31, 2023.

The Bell Canada Pension Plan has an investment arrangement which hedges part of its exposure to potential increases in
longevity, which covers approximately $3 billion of post-employment benefit obligations. The fair value of the arrangement is
included within other alternative investments.

CASH FLOWS
We are responsible for adequately funding our DB pension plans. We make contributions to them based on various actuarial
cost methods that are permitted by pension regulatory authorities. Contributions reflect actuarial assumptions about future
investment returns, salary projections and future service benefits. Changes in these factors could cause actual future
contributions to differ from our current estimates and could require us to increase contributions to our post-employment benefit
plans in the future, which could have a negative effect on our liquidity and financial performance.
We contribute to the DC pension plans as employees provide service.
The following table shows the amounts we contributed to the DB and DC pension plans and the payments made to
beneficiaries under OPEB plans.
                                                  DB PLANS                     DC PLANS                    OPEB PLANS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                    2023          2022           2023           2022          2023           2022
Contributions/payments                            (41)           (81)           (11)          (59)           (64)           (64)


We expect to contribute approximately $45 million to our DB pension plans in 2024, subject to actuarial valuations being
completed. We expect to contribute approximately $10 million to the DC pension plans and to pay approximately $60 million to
beneficiaries under OPEB plans in 2024.




Note 28              Other non-current liabilities
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                              NOTE            2023           2022
Provisions                                                                                    26            286             288
Long-term disability benefits obligation                                                                    269             260
Derivative liabilities                                                                        29            607             191
Joint venture obligation                                                               9,     20            252              —
Other                                                                                                       303             331
Total other non-current liabilities                                                                       1,717           1,070




                                                                                                                                54
Note 29               Financial and capital management
Financial management
Management’s objectives are to protect BCE and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis against material economic
exposures and variability of results from various financial risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk, interest
rate risk and equity price risk.

DERIVATIVES
We use derivative instruments to manage our exposure to foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and changes in the price of
BCE common shares.

FAIR VALUE
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date.
Certain fair value estimates are affected by assumptions we make about the amount and timing of future cash flows and
discount rates, all of which reflect varying degrees of risk. Income taxes and other expenses that may be incurred on
disposition of financial instruments are not reflected in the fair values. As a result, the fair values may not be the net amounts
that would be realized if these instruments were settled.
The carrying values of our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, trade and other receivables, trade payables and
other liabilities, interest payable, dividends payable, notes payable and loans secured by receivables approximate fair value
as they are short-term. The carrying value of wireless device financing plan receivables approximates fair value given that
their average remaining duration is short and the carrying value is reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts and an
allowance for revenue adjustments. The carrying value of the Bell Mobility trade loans approximates fair value given their
average remaining duration is short and they bear interest at a variable rate.
The following table provides the fair value details of other financial instruments measured at amortized cost in the statements
of financial position.
                                                                                      December 31, 2023           December 31, 2022
                                            FAIR VALUE                              CARRYING                    CARRYING
                     CLASSIFICATION         METHODOLOGY                    NOTE        VALUE     FAIR VALUE        VALUE     FAIR VALUE

Debt securities and Debt due within one     Quoted market price of      24, 25         29,049        28,225        25,061        23,026
other debt          year and long-term      debt
                    debt




                                                                                                                                       55
The following table provides the fair value details of financial instruments measured at fair value in the statements of financial
position.
                                                                                                                      FAIR VALUE
                                                                                         QUOTED PRICES IN
                                                                         CARRYING VALUE ACTIVE MARKETS                 OBSERVABLE NON-OBSERVABLE
                                                                               OF ASSET     FOR IDENTICAL              MARKET DATA MARKET INPUTS
                               CLASSIFICATION                NOTE             (LIABILITY) ASSETS (LEVEL 1)               (LEVEL 2)(1)   (LEVEL 3)(2)
December 31, 2023
Publicly-traded and            Other non-current assets           21                    587                     10                 —                  577
privately-held
investments(3)
Derivative financial           Other current assets, trade                             (488)                    —               (488)                      —
instruments                    payables and other
                               liabilities, other non-
                               current assets and
                               liabilities
Other                          Other non-current assets                                 147                     —                216                   (69)
                               and liabilities
December 31, 2022
Publicly-traded and            Other non-current assets           21                    215                      9                 —                  206
privately-held
investments(3)
Derivative financial           Other current assets, trade                               72                     —                  72                      —
instruments                    payables and other
                               liabilities, other non-
                               current assets and
                               liabilities
MLSE financial liability(4)    Trade payables and other           23                   (149)                    —                  —                 (149)
                               liabilities
Other                          Other non-current assets                                 108                     —                184                   (76)
                               and liabilities
(1) Observable market data such as equity prices, interest rates, swap rate curves and foreign currency exchange rates.
(2) Non-observable market inputs such as discounted cash flows and revenue and earnings multiples. For certain privately-held investments, changes in
    our valuation assumption relating to revenue and earnings multiples may result in a significant increase (decrease) in the fair value of our level 3
    financial instruments.
(3) Unrealized gains and losses are recorded in Other comprehensive (loss) income in the statements of comprehensive income and are reclassified
    from Accumulated other comprehensive loss to the deficit in the statements of financial position when realized.
(4) Represented BCE’s obligation to repurchase the Master Trust Fund's 9% interest in MLSE at a price not less than an agreed minimum price. In
    January 2023, BCE repurchased the interest in MLSE held by the Master Trust Fund for a cash consideration of $149 million.


CREDIT RISK
We are exposed to credit risk from operating activities and certain financing activities, the maximum exposure of which is
represented by the carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position.
We are exposed to credit risk if counterparties to our trade receivables, including wireless device financing plan receivables,
and derivative instruments are unable to meet their obligations. The concentration of credit risk from our customers is
minimized because we have a large and diverse customer base. There was minimal credit risk relating to derivative
instruments at December 31, 2023 and 2022. We deal with institutions that have investment-grade credit ratings and we
expect that they will be able to meet their obligations. We regularly monitor our credit risk and credit exposure, and consider,
among other factors, the effects of changes in interest rates and inflation.
The following table provides the change in allowance for doubtful accounts for trade receivables.

                                                                                                                     NOTE               2023          2022
Balance, January 1                                                                                                                      (129)         (136)
Additions                                                                                                                               (126)         (109)
Usage and reversals                                                                                                                      137           116
Balance, December 31                                                                                                      12            (118)         (129)

In many instances, trade receivables are written off directly to bad debt expense if the account has not been collected after a
predetermined period of time.




                                                                                                                                                           56
The following table provides further details on trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts.
AT DECEMBER 31                                                                                                         2023        2022
Trade receivables not past due                                                                                        3,158       3,215
Trade receivables past due
   Under 60 days                                                                                                        421         434
   60 to 120 days                                                                                                       209         253
   Over 120 days                                                                                                         53          71
Trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts                                                             3,841       3,973


The following table provides the change in allowance for doubtful accounts for contract assets.

                                                                                                   NOTE                2023        2022
Balance, January 1                                                                                                     (19)         (20)
Additions                                                                                                              (40)         (20)
Usage and reversals                                                                                                     41           21
Balance, December 31                                                                                                   (18)         (19)
Current                                                                                                                 (6)          (7)
Non-current                                                                                                            (12)         (12)
Balance, December 31                                                                                    14             (18)         (19)


LIQUIDITY RISK
Our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under our securitized receivables program, cash flows
from operations and possible capital markets financing are expected to be sufficient to fund our operations and fulfill our
obligations as they become due. Should our cash requirements exceed the above sources of cash, we would expect to cover
such a shortfall by drawing on existing committed bank facilities and new ones, to the extent available.
The following table is a maturity analysis for recognized financial liabilities at December 31, 2023 for each of the next five
years and thereafter.

                                                                                                                      THERE­
AT DECEMBER 31, 2023                                      NOTE     2024      2025       2026     2027         2028    AFTER      TOTAL
Total debt, excluding lease liabilities                     25   2,172     2,690      1,609    1,742         2,120     19,337    29,670
Lease liabilities (1)                                       25   1,245     1,034        673      403           334      2,041     5,730
Notes payable                                               24     207        —          —        —             —          —        207
Loan secured by receivables                                 24   1,588        —          —        —             —          —      1,588
Interest payable on long-term debt, notes payable
and loan secured by receivables                                  1,301     1,133      1,060    1,019          962      10,548    16,023
Net (receipts) payments on cross currency interest rate
swaps and interest rate swaps                                       (6)       18         (5)     (11)           (9)       (70)      (83)
Total                                                            6,507     4,875      3,337    3,153         3,407     31,856    53,135
(1) Includes imputed interest of $873 million.


We are also exposed to liquidity risk for financial liabilities due within one year as shown in the statements of financial position.

MARKET RISK

CURRENCY EXPOSURES
In 2023, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $360 million in U.S. dollars ($491 million
in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of outstanding loans maturing in 2025 under our Bell Mobility trade
loan agreement. The fair value of the cross currency interest rate swaps at December 31, 2023 was a net liability of $15
million recognized in Other current assets and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position. See Note 24,
Debt due within one year and Note 25, Long-term debt, for additional details.




                                                                                                                                         57
In 2023, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $850 million in U.S. dollars
($1,138 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our US-8 Notes maturing in 2033. The fair value
of the cross currency interest rate swaps at December 31, 2023 was a net liability of $37 million recognized in Other current
assets, Trade payables and other liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position. See Note
25, Long-term debt, for additional details.
In 2022, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $750 million in U.S. dollars ($954 million
in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our US-7 Notes maturing in 2052. In connection with these
swaps, we settled the forward starting interest rate swaps and cross currency basis rate swaps entered into in 2021, each of
which had a notional amount of $127 million. The fair value of the cross currency interest rate swaps at December 31, 2023
and December 31, 2022 was a liability of $132 million and $46 million, respectively, recognized in Trade payables and other
liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position. See Note 25, Long-term debt, for additional
details.
A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar would result in a gain of
$28 million (loss of $100 million) recognized in net earnings at December 31, 2023 and a gain of $124 million (loss of
$123 million) recognized in Other comprehensive (loss) income at December 31, 2023, with all other variables held constant.
A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the Philippine peso would result in a gain
(loss) of $5 million recognized in Other comprehensive (loss) income at December 31, 2023, with all other variables held
constant.
The following table provides further details on our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts and options as at
December 31, 2023.
                                                         AMOUNT TO             SELL       AMOUNT TO
TYPE OF HEDGE                      BUY CURRENCY            RECEIVE        CURRENCY              PAY             MATURITY                    HEDGED ITEM
           (1)
Cash flow                                      USD             1,207              CAD           1,609                 2024                         Loans
Cash flow                                      USD               150              CAD             201                 2024             Commercial paper
Cash flow                                      USD               624              CAD             790                 2024         Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                                      PHP             2,885              CAD              69                 2024         Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                                      USD               495              CAD             645                 2025         Anticipated purchases
Economic                                       USD               210              CAD             277                 2024         Anticipated purchases
Economic - options(2)                          USD               175              CAD             225                 2024         Anticipated purchases
Economic - call options                        USD               244              CAD             327                 2024         Anticipated purchases
Economic - call options                        CAD               225              USD             156                 2024         Anticipated purchases
Economic - put options                         USD               519              CAD             675                 2024         Anticipated purchases
Economic                                       USD               120              CAD             158                 2025         Anticipated purchases
Economic - options(2)                          USD                65              CAD              85                 2025         Anticipated purchases
Economic - call options                        USD               540              CAD             694                 2025         Anticipated purchases
Economic - put options                         USD               360              CAD             461                 2025         Anticipated purchases
(1)   Forward contracts to hedge loans secured by receivables under our securitization program. See Note 24, Debt due within one year, for additional
    information.
(2) Foreign currency options with a leverage provision and a profit cap limitation.


INTEREST RATE EXPOSURES
In 2023, we sold interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $250 million to hedge economically the fair value of our
Series M-53 MTN debentures and we sold interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $425 million to hedge
economically the floating interest rate exposure relating to these debentures. These swaptions matured unexercised. In 2023,
we also entered into interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $125 million to hedge the fair value of our Series M-53 MTN
debentures maturing in 2027. In 2022, we sold interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $1,000 million to hedge
economically the fair value of our Series M-53 MTN debentures. Swaptions of a notional amount of $500 million were
exercised and the remaining swaptions matured unexercised. The resulting interest rate swaps of a notional amount of
$500 million hedge the fair value of our Series M-53 MTN debentures. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at December
31, 2023 and 2022 was a net liability of $4 million and $14 million, respectively, recognized in Trade payables and other
liabilities, Other non-current assets and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position. A gain (loss) of
$4 million and ($7) million for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, relating to the interest rate
swaptions is recognized in Other expense in the income statements. See Note 25, Long-term debt, for additional details.




                                                                                                                                                        58
In 2023, we entered into forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from 2024, with a notional amount of $700 million to
hedge the fair value of our series M-62 MTN debentures maturing in 2029. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at
December 31, 2023 was an asset of $22 million recognized in Other current assets and Other non-current assets in the
statements of financial position. See Note 25, Long-term debt, for additional details.
In 2023, we sold interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $375 million to hedge economically the fair value of our
Series M-52 MTN debentures. These swaptions were exercised in 2023, giving rise to a loss of $1 million recognized in Other
expense in the income statements. The resulting interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $375 million hedge the fair
value of our Series M-52 MTN debentures maturing in 2030. In 2023, we also entered into additional interest rate swaps with
a notional amount of $125 million to hedge the fair value of our Series M-52 MTN debentures. The fair value of the interest
rate swaps at December 31, 2023 was a net asset of $12 million recognized in Other current assets, Trade payables and
other liabilities and Other non-current assets in the statements of financial position. See Note 25, Long-term debt, for
additional details.
In 2023, we sold interest rate swaptions with a notional amount of $125 million to hedge economically the fair value of our
Series M-57 MTN debentures. These swaptions were exercised in 2023, giving rise to a loss of $2 million recognized in Other
expense in the income statements. The resulting interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $125 million hedge the fair
value of our Series M-57 MTN debentures maturing in 2032. In 2023, we also entered into additional interest rate swaps with
a notional amount of $375 million to hedge the fair value of our Series M-57 MTN debentures. The fair value of the interest
rate swaps at December 31, 2023 was a net asset of $24 million recognized in Other current assets, Trade payables and
other liabilities, Other non-current assets and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position. See Note 25,
Long-term debt, for additional details.
In 2023, we entered into forward starting interest rate swaps, effective from 2028, with a notional amount of $125 million to
hedge the fair value of our series M-59 MTN debentures maturing in 2053. In 2023, we also entered into forward starting
interest rate swaps, effective from 2028, with a notional amount of $400 million to hedge the fair value of our series M-61 MTN
debentures maturing in 2053. The fair value of the interest rate swaps at December 31, 2023 was an asset of $48 million
recognized in Other non-current assets in the statements of financial position. See Note 25, Long-term debt, for additional
details.
In 2023, we entered into an amortizing interest rate swap with an initial notional amount of $197 million, to hedge the interest
rate exposure on other debt maturing in 2028. The fair value of the amortizing interest rate swap at December 31, 2023 was a
net liability of $2 million recognized in Other current assets and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial
position.
In 2022, we entered into cross currency basis rate swaps maturing in 2023 with a notional amount of $638 million to hedge
economically the basis rate exposure on future debt issuances. In 2023, the maturity date of these cross currency basis rate
swaps was extended to 2024 resulting in an increase in their notional amount to $644 million at December 31, 2023. The fair
value of the cross currency basis rate swaps at December 31, 2023 and 2022 was a liability of $13 million and $33 million,
respectively, recognized in Trade payables and other liabilities in the statements of financial position. A gain (loss) of
$20 million and ($33) million for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, relating to the basis rate swaps is
recognized in Other expense in the income statements.
We use leveraged interest rate options to hedge economically the dividend rate resets on $582 million of our preferred shares
which had varying reset dates in 2021 for the periods ending in 2026. The fair value of the leveraged interest rate options at
December 31, 2023 and 2022 was nil and a liability of $1 million, respectively, recognized in Trade payables and other
liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position.
A 1% increase (decrease) in interest rates would result in a loss (gain) of $26 million recognized in net earnings at
December 31, 2023, with all other variables held constant.
A 0.1% increase (decrease) in cross currency basis swap rates would result in a gain (loss) of $11 million recognized in net
earnings at December 31, 2023, with all other variables held constant.

EQUITY PRICE EXPOSURES
We use equity forward contracts on BCE’s common shares to hedge economically the cash flow exposure related to the
settlement of equity settled share-based compensation plans. The fair value of our equity forward contracts at
December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 was a net liability of $162 million and $48 million, respectively, recognized in
Other current assets, Trade payables and other liabilities, Other non-current assets and Other non-current liabilities in the
statements of financial position. A loss of $103 million and $53 million for the year ended




                                                                                                                                 59
December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, relating to the equity forward contracts is recognized in Other expense in the
income statements. See Note 31, Share-based payments, for additional details.
A 5% increase (decrease) in the market price of BCE’s common shares would result in a gain (loss) of $29 million recognized
in net earnings at December 31, 2023, with all other variables held constant.


Capital management
We have various capital policies, procedures and processes which are utilized to seek to achieve our objectives for capital
management. These include optimizing our cost of capital and maximizing shareholder return while balancing the interests of
our stakeholders.
Our definition of capital includes equity attributable to BCE shareholders, debt, cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments.
In 2023 and 2022, the key ratios that we used to monitor and manage our capital structure were a net debt leverage ratio(1) and
an adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio(2). In 2023 and 2022, our net debt leverage ratio target range was
2.0 to 2.5 times adjusted EBITDA and our adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio target was greater than 7.5
times. At December 31, 2023, we had exceeded the limit of our internal net debt leverage ratio target range by 0.98 and
exceeded our adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio target by 0.56. Going forward, our objective is to see our
net debt leverage ratio decline over time to be in the range of 3.0 times adjusted EBITDA. While currently in excess of this
level, our net debt leverage ratio is still consistent with a strong balance sheet, ample financial flexibility and investment grade
credit ratings. Additionally, given the correlation between adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio and the net
debt leverage ratio, we are simplifying our internal targets to reflect the net debt leverage ratio only and will not report against
adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense in the future. We believe that this ratio is of less relative importance to our
investors, lenders and other stakeholders as a measure of the strength of our capital structure.
We believe that certain investors and analysts use our net debt leverage ratio as a measure of financial leverage and health of
the company.
The following table provides a summary of our key ratios.
AT DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                       2023               2022
Net debt leverage ratio                                                                                                             3.48               3.30
Adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio                                                                              6.94               8.50

On February 7, 2024, the board of directors of BCE approved an increase of 3.1% in the annual dividend on BCE's common
shares, from $3.87 to $3.99 per common share.
On February 1, 2023, the board of directors of BCE approved an increase of 5.2% in the annual dividend on BCE's common
shares, from $3.68 to $3.87 per common share.
In Q4 2023, BCE renewed its normal course issuer bid program (NCIB) with respect to its First Preferred Shares. See Note
30, Share capital, for additional details.


(1) Our net debt leverage ratio represents net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA. We define net debt as debt due within one year plus long-term debt and
    50% of preferred shares, less cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, as shown in our statements of financial position. For the purposes
    of calculating our net debt leverage ratio, adjusted EBITDA is twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA.
(2) Our adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio represents adjusted EBITDA divided by adjusted net interest expense. We define
    adjusted net interest expense as twelve-month trailing net interest expense as shown in our statements of cash flows plus 50% of twelve-month
    trailing net earnings attributable to preferred shareholders as shown in our income statements. For the purposes of calculating our adjusted EBITDA to
    adjusted net interest expense ratio, adjusted EBITDA is twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA.




                                                                                                                                                             60
Note 30                      Share capital
Preferred shares
BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended, provide for an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares and Second
Preferred Shares, all without par value. The terms set out in the articles authorize BCE’s directors to issue the shares in one
or more series and to set the number of shares and the conditions for each series.
The following table provides a summary of the principal terms of BCE’s First Preferred Shares as at December 31, 2023.
There were no Second Preferred Shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023. BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as
amended, describe the terms and conditions of these shares in detail.

                                                                                                                                             STATED CAPITAL
                                                                                                                  NUMBER OF
                        ANNUAL                                                                                 SHARES ISSUED
                       DIVIDEND     CONVERTIBLE                                                     REDEMPTION           AND         DECEMBER 31,        DECEMBER 31,
SERIES                     RATE            INTO         CONVERSION DATE         REDEMPTION DATE          PRICE  OUTSTANDING                 2023                2022
Q                        floating       Series R        December 1, 2030             At any time          $25.50             —                   —                   —
R(1)                    3.018 %         Series Q        December 1, 2025        December 1, 2025          $25.00      7,764,800                 194                 200
S                        floating       Series T        November 1, 2026             At any time          $25.50      2,054,167                  51                  53
T(1)                     4.99 %         Series S        November 1, 2026       November 1, 2026           $25.00      5,301,633                 132                 146
Y                        floating       Series Z        December 1, 2027            At any time           $25.50      6,451,752                 161                 175
Z(1)                    5.346 %         Series Y        December 1, 2027       December 1, 2027           $25.00      2,708,031                  68                  74
AA(1)                    4.94 %       Series AB        September 1, 2027       September 1, 2027          $25.00     11,482,631                 293                 312
AB                       floating     Series AA        September 1, 2027             At any time          $25.50      6,918,839                 176                 195
AC(1)                    5.08 %       Series AD            March 1, 2028           March 1, 2028          $25.00      6,482,274                 165                 255
AD                       floating     Series AC            March 1, 2028              At any time         $25.50     12,513,726                 319                 254
AE                       floating     Series AF          February 1, 2025             At any time         $25.50      6,022,513                 151                 162
AF(1)                   3.865 %       Series AE          February 1, 2025        February 1, 2025         $25.00      9,076,087                 227                 237
AG(1)                    3.37 %       Series AH              May 1, 2026             May 1, 2026          $25.00      8,442,830                 211                 223
AH                       floating     Series AG              May 1, 2026              At any time         $25.50      4,784,070                 120                 125
AI(1)                    3.39 %       Series AJ            August 1, 2026          August 1, 2026         $25.00      9,246,640                 231                 237
AJ                       floating      Series AI           August 1, 2026             At any time         $25.50      4,118,260                 103                 111
AK(1)                   3.306 %       Series AL        December 31, 2026      December 31, 2026           $25.00     22,303,812                 558                 578
AL(2)                    floating     Series AK        December 31, 2026            At any time                       1,755,688                  44                  45
AM(1)                   2.939 %       Series AN           March 31, 2026         March 31, 2026           $25.00     10,183,378                 233                 239
AN(2)                    floating     Series AM           March 31, 2026              At any time                     1,035,822                  24                  24
AO(3)                       fixed     Series AP                                                                              —                   —                   —
AP(3)                    floating     Series AO                                                                              —                   —                   —
AQ(1)                   6.538 %       Series AR       September 30, 2028      September 30, 2028          $25.00      8,303,614                 206                 225
AR(4)                    floating     Series AQ       September 30, 2033             At any time                             —                   —                   —
                                                                                                                                              3,667               3,870

(1)     BCE may redeem each of these series of First Preferred Shares on the applicable redemption date and every five years thereafter.
(2)     BCE may redeem Series AL and AN First Preferred Shares at $25.00 per share on December 31, 2026 and March 31, 2026, respectively, and every five years
        thereafter (each, a Series conversion date). Alternatively, BCE may redeem Series AL or AN First Preferred Shares at $25.50 per share on any date which is not a
        Series conversion date for the applicable series of First Preferred Shares.
(3)     On March 31, 2022, BCE redeemed its 4,600,000 issued and outstanding Series AO First Preferred Shares with a stated capital of $118 million for a total cost of
        $115 million. The remaining $3 million was recorded to contributed surplus.
(4)     If Series AR First Preferred Shares are issued on September 30, 2028, BCE may redeem such shares at $25.00 per share on September 30, 2033 and every five
        years thereafter (each, a Series conversion date). Alternatively, BCE may redeem Series AR Preferred Shares at $25.50 per share on any date which is not a
        Series conversion date for such series of First Preferred Shares.


NORMAL COURSE ISSUER BID FOR BCE FIRST PREFERRED SHARES

On November 2, 2023, BCE announced the renewal of its NCIB to purchase for cancellation up to 10% of the public float of
each series of BCE’s outstanding First Preferred Shares that are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The NCIB will extend
up to November 8, 2024, or an earlier date should BCE complete its purchases under the NCIB.




                                                                                                                                                                      61
In 2023, BCE repurchased and canceled 8,124,533 First Preferred Shares under its NCIB with a stated capital of $203 million
for a total cost of $140 million. The remaining $63 million was recorded to contributed surplus.

Subsequent to year end, BCE repurchased and canceled 1,412,388 First Preferred Shares under its NCIB with a stated
capital of $36 million for a total cost of $25 million. The remaining $11 million was recorded to contributed surplus.

On November 3, 2022, BCE announced the renewal of its NCIB to purchase for cancellation up to 10% of the public float of
each series of BCE’s outstanding First Preferred Shares that are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The NCIB extended
from November 9, 2022 to November 8, 2023.

In 2022, BCE repurchased and canceled 584,300 First Preferred Shares with a stated capital of $15 million for a total cost of
$10 million. The remaining $5 million was recorded to contributed surplus.

VOTING RIGHTS

All of the issued and outstanding First Preferred Shares at December 31, 2023 are non-voting, except under special
circumstances when the holders are entitled to one vote per share.

PRIORITY AND ENTITLEMENT TO DIVIDENDS

The First Preferred Shares of all series rank at parity with each other and in priority to all other shares of BCE with respect to
payment of dividends and with respect to distribution of assets in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of BCE.

Holders of Series R, T, Z, AA, AC, AF, AG, AI, AK, AM and AQ First Preferred Shares are entitled to fixed cumulative quarterly
dividends. The dividend rate on these shares is reset every five years, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as
amended.

Holders of Series S, Y, AB, AD, AE, AH and AJ First Preferred Shares are entitled to floating adjustable cumulative monthly
dividends. The floating dividend rate on these shares is calculated every month, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation,
as amended.

Holders of Series AL and AN First Preferred Shares are entitled to floating cumulative quarterly dividends. The floating
dividend rate on these shares is calculated every quarter, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended.

Dividends on all series of First Preferred Shares are paid as and when declared by the board of directors of BCE.

CONVERSION FEATURES

All of the issued and outstanding First Preferred Shares at December 31, 2023 are convertible at the holder’s option into
another associated series of First Preferred Shares on a one-for-one basis according to the terms set out in BCE’s articles of
amalgamation, as amended.


Common shares and Class B shares
BCE’s articles of amalgamation provide for an unlimited number of voting common shares and non-voting Class B shares, all
without par value. The common shares and the Class B shares rank equally in the payment of dividends and in the distribution
of assets if BCE is liquidated, dissolved or wound up, after payments due to the holders of preferred shares. No Class B
shares were outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022.




                                                                                                                                 62
The following table provides details about the outstanding common shares of BCE.

                                                                                               2023                                    2022
                                                                                        NUMBER OF                STATED         NUMBER OF                  STATED
                                                                           NOTE            SHARES               CAPITAL            SHARES                  CAPITAL
Outstanding, January 1                                                                911,982,866                20,840       909,018,871                  20,662
Shares issued under deferred share plan                                                       843                    —             11,003                       1
Shares issued under employee stock option plan                                 31         306,139                    19         2,952,992                     177
Unclaimed shares(1)                                                                       (15,303)                   —                 —                       —
Outstanding, December 31                                                              912,274,545                20,859       911,982,866                  20,840
(1) Represents unclaimed shares following the expiry of former Manitoba Telecom Services Inc. (MTS) shareholders' rights to receive BCE common shares in
connection with the acquisition of MTS.




Contributed surplus
Contributed surplus in 2023 and 2022 includes premiums in excess of par value upon the issuance of BCE common shares
and share-based compensation expense net of settlements.



Note 31                  Share-based payments
The following share-based payment amounts are included in the income statements as operating costs.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                       2023                  2022
ESP                                                                                                                                  (29)               (28)
RSUs/PSUs                                                                                                                            (62)               (69)
DSUs and stock options                                                                                                                (4)                (4)
Total share-based payments                                                                                                           (95)              (101)




Description of the plans
ESP

The ESP is designed to encourage employees of BCE and its participating subsidiaries to own shares of BCE. Employees can
choose to have up to 12% of their eligible annual earnings withheld through regular payroll deductions for the purchase of
BCE common shares. In some cases, the employer also contributes up to 2% of the employee’s eligible annual earnings to
the plan. Dividends are credited to the participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the
dividends paid on BCE common shares. Employer contributions to the ESP and related dividends are subject to employees
holding their shares for a two-year vesting period.

The trustee of the ESP buys BCE common shares for the participants on the open market, by private purchase or from
treasury. BCE determines the method the trustee uses to buy the shares.

At December 31, 2023, 4,360,087 common shares were authorized for issuance from treasury under the ESP. At December
31, 2023 and 2022, there were 1,077,613 and 1,028,161 unvested employer ESP contributions, respectively.

RSUs/PSUs

RSUs/PSUs are granted to executives and other eligible employees. Dividends in the form of additional RSUs/PSUs are
credited to the participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the dividends paid on BCE
common shares. Executives and other eligible employees are granted a specific number of RSUs/PSUs for a




                                                                                                                                                                  63
given performance period based mainly on their level and position. RSUs/PSUs vest fully after three years of continuous
employment from the date of grant and if performance objectives are met for certain PSUs, as determined by the board of
directors.

The following table summarizes RSUs/PSUs outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022.
  NUMBER OF RSUs/PSUs                                                                                                        2023          2022
  Outstanding, January 1                                                                                                3,124,187     3,085,667
  Granted(1)                                                                                                            1,125,502     1,016,211
  Dividends credited                                                                                                      213,427       173,100
  Settled                                                                                                                (957,402)   (1,061,392)
  Forfeited                                                                                                               (92,902)      (89,399)
  Outstanding, December 31                                                                                              3,412,812     3,124,187
  Vested, December 31(2)                                                                                                1,225,815       887,158
(1) The weighted average fair value of the RSUs/PSUs granted was $61 in 2023 and $66 in 2022.
(2) The RSUs/PSUs vested on December 31, 2023 were fully settled in February 2024 with BCE common shares and/or DSUs.


DSUs

Eligible bonuses and RSUs may be paid in the form of DSUs when executives or other eligible employees elect or are
required to participate in the plan. The value of a DSU at the issuance date is equal to the value of one BCE common share.
For non-management directors, compensation is paid in DSUs until the minimum share ownership requirement is met;
thereafter, at least 50% of their compensation is paid in DSUs. There are no vesting requirements relating to DSUs. Dividends
in the form of additional DSUs are credited to the participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in
value to the dividends paid on BCE common shares. DSUs are settled when the holder leaves the company.

At December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were 3,573,182 and 3,321,167 DSUs outstanding, respectively.

STOCK OPTIONS

Under BCE’s long-term incentive plans, BCE may grant options to executives to buy BCE common shares. The subscription
price of a grant is based on the higher of:

    •    the volume-weighted average of the trading price on the trading day immediately prior to the effective date of the grant
    •    the volume-weighted average of the trading price for the last five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day
         immediately prior to the effective date of the grant

At December 31, 2023, in addition to the stock options outstanding, 4,496,051 common shares were authorized for issuance
under these plans. Options vest fully after three years of continuous employment from the date of grant. All options become
exercisable when they vest and can be exercised for a period of seven years from the date of grant for options granted prior to
2019 and ten years from the date of grant for options granted since 2019.




                                                                                                                                               64
The following table summarizes stock options outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022.

                                                                                                      2023                           2022
                                                                                                             WEIGHTED                       WEIGHTED
                                                                                                              AVERAGE                        AVERAGE
                                                                                        NUMBER OF            EXERCISE      NUMBER OF        EXERCISE
                                                                             NOTE         OPTIONS             PRICE ($)      OPTIONS         PRICE ($)
Outstanding, January 1                                                                    7,802,108                 61     10,778,724              60
Exercised(1)                                                                    30         (306,139)                60     (2,952,992)             58
Forfeited or expired                                                                         (11,408)               63        (23,624)             65
Outstanding, December 31                                                                  7,484,561                 61      7,802,108              61
Exercisable, December 31                                                                  7,484,561                 61      4,539,188              58
(1) The weighted average market share price for options exercised was $63 in 2023 and $69 in 2022.


The following table provides additional information about BCE’s stock option plans at December 31, 2023 and 2022.
                                                                                    STOCK OPTIONS OUTSTANDING
                                                                   2023                                                      2022
                                                                    WEIGHTED             WEIGHTED                           WEIGHTED        WEIGHTED
                                                                     AVERAGE              AVERAGE                            AVERAGE         AVERAGE
                                                                REMAINING LIFE           EXERCISE                           REMAINING       EXERCISE
  RANGE OF EXERCISE PRICES                        NUMBER              (YEARS)             PRICE ($)           NUMBER      LIFE (YEARS)       PRICE ($)
  $50-$59                                      4,291,180                        3                    58      4,510,298              4             58
  $60 & above                                  3,193,381                        6                    65      3,291,810              7             65
                                               7,484,561                        4                    61      7,802,108              5             61




                                                                                                                                                       65
Note 32                   Additional cash flow information
The following table provides a reconciliation of changes in assets and liabilities arising from financing activities.
                                                                                           DEBT DUE           DERIVATIVE
                                                                                         WITHIN ONE            TO HEDGE
                                                                                          YEAR AND              FOREIGN              OTHER
                                                                                         LONG-TERM            CURRENCY DIVIDENDS LIABILITIES
                                                                                    NOTE       DEBT           ON DEBT (1) PAYABLE          (2)
                                                                                                                                                               TOTAL
January 1, 2023                                                                                  31,920              (307)           867               253    32,733
Cash flows from (used in) financing activities
   Decrease in notes payable                                                                       (646)                —             —              —          (646)
   Issue of long-term debt                                                                        5,195                 —             —              —         5,195
   Repayment of long-term debt                                                                   (1,858)                —             —              —        (1,858)
   Repurchase of financial liability                                                                 —                  —             —            (149)        (149)
   Cash dividends paid on common and preferred shares                                                —                  —         (3,668)            —        (3,668)
   Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling
    interests                                                                          36             —                 —            (47)               —        (47)
   Other financing activities                                                                        (24)               —             —                 —        (24)
Total cash flows from (used in) financing activities
excluding equity                                                                                  2,667                 —         (3,715)          (149)      (1,197)

Non-cash changes arising from
 Increase in lease liabilities                                                                    1,562                —              —                 —      1,562
 Dividends declared on common and preferred shares                                                   —                 —           3,717                —      3,717
 Dividends declared by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                     —                 —              47                —         47
 Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                       (169)              169             —                 —         —
 Business acquisitions                                                                  4             5                —              —                 —          5
 Business disposition                                                                   4           (93)               —              —                 —        (93)
 Reclassification to liabilities held for sale                                                       (7)               —              —                 —         (7)
 Other                                                                                              292               (15)            (6)              (26)      245
Total non-cash changes                                                                            1,590               154          3,758               (26)    5,476
December 31, 2023                                                                                36,177              (153)           910                78    37,012

1) Included in Other current assets, Trade payables and other liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position.
2) We have reclassified amounts from the previous period to make them consistent with the presentation for the current period.




                                                                                                                                                                   66
                                                                                     DEBT DUE DERIVATIVE
                                                                                   WITHIN ONE TO HEDGE
                                                                                    YEAR AND    FOREIGN             OTHER
                                                                                   LONG-TERM CURRENCY DIVIDENDS LIABILITIES
                                                                              NOTE       DEBT ON DEBT (1) PAYABLE         (2)
                                                                                                                                                     TOTAL
January 1, 2022                                                                               29,673             79           811           294     30,857
Cash flows from (used in) financing activities
   Increase in notes payable                                                                      42             69           —                —       111
   Issue of long-term debt                                                                     1,951             —            —                —     1,951
   Repayment of long-term debt                                                                (2,023)            —            —                —    (2,023)
   Cash dividends paid on common and preferred shares                                             —              —        (3,448)              —    (3,448)
   Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling
    interests                                                                     36             —               —             (39)          —         (39)
   Increase in securitized trade receivables                                                    700              —              —            —         700
   Other financing activities                                                                   (13)             —              —           (18)       (31)
Total cash flows from (used in) financing activities
excluding equity                                                                                657              69       (3,487)           (18)    (2,779)

Non-cash changes arising from
 Increase in lease liabilities                                                                 1,008             —              —            —       1,008
 Dividends declared on common and preferred shares                                                —              —           3,508           —       3,508
 Dividends declared by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                  —              —              39           —          39
 Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                     437           (437)            —            —          —
 Business acquisitions                                                                             8             —              —            —           8
 Business disposition                                                                            (14)            —              —            —         (14)
 Other                                                                                           151            (18)            (4)         (23)       106
Total non-cash changes                                                                         1,590           (455)         3,543          (23)     4,655
December 31, 2022                                                                             31,920           (307)           867          253     32,733

1) Included in Other current assets, Other non-current assets and Trade payables and other liabilities in the statements of financial position.
2) We have reclassified amounts from the previous period to make them consistent with the presentation for the current period.




 Note 33                 Remaining performance obligations
The following table shows revenues expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are
unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) as at December 31, 2023.
                                                    2024            2025               2026             2027           2028    THEREAFTER          TOTAL
Bell CTS                                         3,019            1,713                765              375            171               482       6,525
Bell Media                                          35               —                  —                —              —                 —           35
Total                                            3,054            1,713                765              375            171               482       6,560

When estimating minimum transaction prices allocated to the remaining unfulfilled, or partially unfulfilled, performance
obligations, BCE applied the practical expedient to not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that
have an original expected duration of one year or less and for those contracts where we bill the same value as that which is
transferred to the customer.




                                                                                                                                                           67
Note 34             Commitments and contingencies
Commitments
The following table is a summary of our contractual obligations at December 31, 2023 that are due in each of the next five
years and thereafter.
                                                                                                               THERE­
                                                    2024        2025         2026        2027        2028       AFTER       TOTAL
Commitments for property, plant and
   equipment and intangible assets                2,043       1,513          599         316         246        1,041       5,758
Purchase obligations                                619         513          537         314         219          820       3,022
Planned acquisition of OUTFRONT Media Inc.          410          —            —           —           —            —          410
Leases committed not yet commenced                    2           6           —           —           —            —            8
Total                                             3,074       2,032        1,136         630         465        1,861       9,198

Our commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets include program and feature film rights and
investments to expand and update our networks to meet customer demand.

Purchase obligations consist of contractual obligations under service and product contracts for operating expenditures and
other purchase obligations.

Our commitments for leases not yet commenced include real estate, OOH advertising spaces and fibre use. These leases are
non-cancellable.

On October 23, 2023, Bell Media announced it plans to acquire the Canadian OOH media business of OUTFRONT Media Inc.
The transaction is valued at $410 million, subject to certain adjustments, and is expected to close in the first half of 2024,
subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions. The acquisition of the Canadian OOH media business of
OUTFRONT Media Inc. is expected to support Bell Media's digital media strategy and to deliver impactful, multi-channel
marketing solutions coast-to-coast. The results of the Canadian OOH business of OUTFRONT Media Inc. will be included in
our Bell Media segment.



Contingencies
As part of its ongoing review of wholesale Internet rates, on October 6, 2016, the CRTC significantly reduced, on an interim
basis, some of the wholesale rates that Bell Canada and other major providers charge for access by third-party Internet
resellers to fibre-to-the-node (FTTN) or cable networks, as applicable. On August 15, 2019, the CRTC further reduced the
wholesale rates that Internet resellers pay to access network infrastructure built by facilities-based providers like Bell Canada,
with retroactive effect back to March 2016.
The August 2019 decision was stayed, first by the Federal Court of Appeal and then by the CRTC, with the result that it never
came into effect. In response to review and vary applications filed by each of Bell Canada, five major cable carriers (Cogeco
Communications Inc., Bragg Communications Inc. (Eastlink), Rogers Communications Canada Inc., Shaw
Communications Inc. and Videotron Ltée) and Telus Communications Inc., the CRTC issued Decision 2021-182 on May 27,
2021, which mostly reinstated the rates prevailing prior to August 2019 with some reductions to the Bell Canada rates with
retroactive effect to March 2016. As a result, in Q2 2021, we recorded a reduction in revenue of $44 million in our income
statements.
While there remains a requirement to refund monies to third-party Internet resellers, the establishment of final wholesale rates
that are similar to those prevailing since 2019 reduces the impact of the CRTC’s long-running review of wholesale Internet
rates. The largest reseller, TekSavvy Solutions Inc. (TekSavvy), obtained leave to appeal the CRTC’s decision of May 27,
2021 before the Federal Court of Appeal. Oral hearings are now complete and we are awaiting a decision of the court. The
decision was also challenged in three petitions brought by TekSavvy, the Canadian Network Operators Consortium Inc. and
National Capital Freenet before Cabinet, but on May 26, 2022, Cabinet announced it would not alter the decision.




                                                                                                                                68
In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal proceedings seeking monetary damages
and other relief. In particular, because of the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are exposed to class actions
pursuant to which substantial monetary damages may be claimed. Due to the inherent risks and uncertainties of the litigation
process, we cannot predict the final outcome or timing of claims and legal proceedings. Subject to the foregoing, and based
on information currently available and management’s assessment of the merits of the claims and legal proceedings pending at
March 7, 2024, management believes that the ultimate resolution of these claims and legal proceedings is unlikely to have a
material and negative effect on our financial statements. We believe that we have strong defences and we intend to vigorously
defend our positions.



Note 35              Related party transactions
Subsidiaries
The following table shows BCE’s significant subsidiaries at December 31, 2023. BCE has other subsidiaries which have not
been included in the table as each represents less than 10% individually and less than 20% in aggregate of total consolidated
revenues.

All of these significant subsidiaries are incorporated in Canada and provide services to each other in the normal course of
operations. The value of these transactions is eliminated on consolidation.
                                                                                                  OWNERSHIP PERCENTAGE
SUBSIDIARY                                                                                              2023           2022
Bell Canada                                                                                             100 %            100 %
Bell Mobility Inc.                                                                                      100 %            100 %
Bell Media Inc.                                                                                         100 %            100 %




Transactions with joint arrangements and associates
During 2023 and 2022, BCE provided communication services and received programming content and other services in the
normal course of business on an arm’s length basis to and from its joint arrangements and associates. Our joint arrangements
and associates include MLSE, Glentel Inc. and Dome Productions Partnership. From time to time, BCE may be required to
make capital contributions in its investments.

In 2023, BCE recognized revenues and incurred expenses with our joint arrangements and associates of $12 million (2022 –
$10 million) and $200 million (2022 – $187 million), respectively.


BCE Master Trust Fund
Bimcor Inc. (Bimcor), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bell Canada, is the administrator of the Master Trust Fund. Bimcor
recognized management fees of $15 million for 2023 and $13 million for 2022 from the Master Trust Fund. The details of
BCE’s post-employment benefit plans are set out in Note 27, Post-employment benefit plans.



Compensation of key management personnel
The following table includes compensation of key management personnel for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022
included in our income statements. Key management personnel have the authority and responsibility for overseeing, planning,
directing and controlling our business activities and consists of our Board of Directors and our Executive Leadership Team.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                             2023               2022
Wages, salaries, fees and related taxes and benefits                                                        (28)              (28)
Post-employment benefit plans and OPEBs cost                                                                 (3)               (4)
Share-based compensation                                                                                    (30)              (38)
Key management personnel compensation expense                                                               (61)              (70)




                                                                                                                                69
Note 36                    Significant partly-owned subsidiary
The following tables show summarized financial information for our subsidiary with significant non-controlling interest (NCI).

Summarized statements of financial position
                                                                                                                                        CTV SPECIALTY(1) (2)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                2023                 2022
Current assets                                                                                                                                466                   400
Non-current assets                                                                                                                            941                   958
Total assets                                                                                                                                1,407                 1,358
Current liabilities                                                                                                                           153                   140
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                       239                   246
Total liabilities                                                                                                                             392                   386
Total equity attributable to BCE shareholders                                                                                                 707                   678
NCI                                                                                                                                           308                   294
(1) At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the ownership interest held by NCI in CTV Specialty Television Inc. (CTV Specialty) was 29.9%. CTV Specialty was incorporated
    and operated in Canada as at such dates.
(2) CTV Specialty's net assets at December 31, 2023 and 2022 include $7 million and $5 million, respectively, directly attributable to NCI.




Selected income and cash flow information
                                                                                                                                         CTV SPECIALTY(1)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                2023                 2022
Operating revenues                                                                                                                            969                  986
Net earnings                                                                                                                                  209                  180
Net earnings attributable to NCI                                                                                                               65                   57
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                    196                  198
Total comprehensive income attributable to NCI                                                                                                 61                   63
Cash dividends paid to NCI                                                                                                                     47                   39
(1) CTV Specialty's net earnings and total comprehensive income include $3 million and $4 million directly attributable to NCI for 2023 and 2022, respectively.




                                                                                                                                                                      70
                                                                                                                                                                Exhibit 99.4
Reports on internal controls




Reports on internal controls
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting
The management of BCE Inc. (BCE) is responsible for establishing and                       Based on that evaluation, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control       Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal
over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the                control over financial reporting was effective as at December 31, 2023. There were
President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief           no material weaknesses that have been identified by BCE’s management in internal
Financial Officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other             control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2023.
personnel of BCE, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external               Our internal control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2023 has been
purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as          audited by Deloitte LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, who also
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                             audited our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2023. Deloitte LLP issued an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal
Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not         control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2023.
prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. Also, projections of any
evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future
periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because            (signed) Mirko Bibic
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or            President and Chief Executive Officer
procedures may deteriorate.
Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the           (signed) Curtis Millen
President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief           Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as
at December 31, 2023, based on the criteria established in Internal Control –
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring                          (signed) Thierry Chaumont
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).                                           Senior Vice-President, Controller and Tax
                                                                                           March 7, 2024


110      BCE INC. 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
Reports on internal controls


Report of independent registered public accounting firm
To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of BCE Inc.

Opinion on internal control over                                                     Definition and limitations of internal control
financial reporting                                                                  over financial reporting
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of BCE Inc. and        A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria              reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the          preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In          generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal    reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 based on criteria           of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.        dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
                                                                                     transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company         in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) the consolidated financial        expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
statements as at and for the year ended December 31, 2023, of the Company and        of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
our report dated March 7, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on those            assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use,
financial statements.                                                                or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
                                                                                     financial statements.
Basis for opinion
                                                                                     Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal           prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of      to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying              because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our                or procedures may deteriorate.
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company        /s/ Deloitte LLP
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and     Chartered Professional Accountants
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
                                                                                     Montréal, Canada
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those          March 7, 2024
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures
as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

                                                                                                                                                                          111
                                                                                                                Exhibit 99.5

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-12130 on Form F-3, Registration Statements
Nos. 333-263337 and 333-263337-01 on Form F-10 and Registration Statements Nos. 333-12780 and 333-12802 on Form S-8
and to the use of our reports dated March 7, 2024, relating to the financial statements of BCE Inc. (the “Company”) and the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 40-F for the
year ended December 31, 2023.



/s/ Deloitte LLP
Chartered Professional Accountants

Montréal, Canada
March 8, 2024
                                                                                                                                                          Exhibit 99.6


                                                           NOTICE OF RELIANCE
                                               SECTION 13.4 OF NATIONAL INSTRUMENT 51-102
                                                 CONTINUOUS DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS

To: Alberta Securities Commission
    British Columbia Securities Commission
    Manitoba Securities Commission
    Financial and Consumer Services Commission, New Brunswick
    Office of the Superintendent of Securities, Newfoundland and Labrador
    Nova Scotia Securities Commission
    Ontario Securities Commission
    Department of Justice and Public Safety, Financial and Consumer Services Division, Prince Edward Island
    Autorité des marchés financiers
    Financial and Consumer Affairs Authority of Saskatchewan
    Toronto Stock Exchange




Notice is hereby given that Bell Canada relies on the continuous disclosure documents filed by BCE Inc. pursuant to the exemption from the requirements of
National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations (“NI 51-102”) provided in Section 13.4 of NI 51-102.


The continuous disclosure documents of BCE Inc. can be found for viewing in electronic format at www.sedarplus.ca.


Attached to this notice and forming part thereof is the consolidating summary financial information for BCE Inc. as required by Section 13.4 of NI 51-102.


Dated: March 8, 2024
                                                                                                     BELL CANADA



                                                                                                     By:      (signed) Thierry Chaumont
                                                                                                     Name: Thierry Chaumont
                                                                                                     Title:   Senior Vice-President, Controller and Tax
  BELL CANADA
UNAUDITED SELECTED SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (1)
For the periods ended December 31, 2023 and 2022
(in millions of Canadian dollars)
BCE Inc. fully and unconditionally guarantees the payment obligations of its 100% owned subsidiary Bell Canada under the public debt issued by Bell Canada.
Accordingly, the following summary financial information is provided by Bell Canada in compliance with the requirements of section 13.4 of National Instrument
51-102 (Continuous Disclosure Obligations) providing for an exemption for certain credit support issuers. The tables below contain selected summary financial
information for (i) BCE Inc. (as credit supporter), (ii) Bell Canada (as credit support issuer) on a consolidated basis, (iii) BCE Inc.’s subsidiaries, other than Bell
Canada, on a combined basis, (iv) consolidating adjustments, and (v) BCE Inc. and all of its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, in each case for the periods
indicated. Such summary financial information for BCE Inc. and Bell Canada and all other subsidiaries is intended to provide investors with meaningful and
comparable financial information about BCE Inc. and its subsidiaries. This summary financial information should be read in conjunction with BCE Inc.’s audited
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023.
For the periods ended December 31:
                                               BCE INC.                              BELL CANADA CONSOLIDATED                            SUBSIDIARIES OF BCE INC.                            CONSOLIDATING                              BCE INC.
                                        (“CREDIT SUPPORTER”)(2)                       (“CREDIT SUPPORT ISSUER”)                          OTHER THAN BELL CANADA(3)                           ADJUSTMENTS(4)                           CONSOLIDATED
                                            2023              2022                           2023               2022                             2023          2022                         2023             2022                     2023      2022
 Operating revenues                              —               —                         24,673             24,175                                —               —                            —               (1)              24,673       24,174
 Net earnings from continuing
  operations attributable to
  owners                                      2,263          2,868                           2,858              2,951                             157             181                        (3,015)        (3,132)                   2,263     2,868
 Net earnings attributable to
  owners                                      2,263          2,868                           2,858              2,951                             157             181                        (3,015)        (3,132)                   2,263     2,868
As at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively:
                                               BCE INC.                              BELL CANADA CONSOLIDATED                            SUBSIDIARIES OF BCE INC.                            CONSOLIDATING                              BCE INC.
                                        (“CREDIT SUPPORTER”)(2)                       (“CREDIT SUPPORT ISSUER”)                          OTHER THAN BELL CANADA(3)                           ADJUSTMENTS(4)                           CONSOLIDATED
                                        Dec. 31,          Dec. 31,                       Dec. 31,           Dec. 31,                         Dec. 31,        Dec. 31,                     Dec. 31,       Dec. 31,               Dec. 31,      Dec. 31,
                                             2023           2022                            2023              2022                              2023           2022                          2023           2022                   2023          2022
 Total Current Assets                           772             744                        10,472               7,865                             646             473                        (3,992)        (2,595)                   7,898     6,487
 Total Non-current Assets                   23,307          23,856                         57,655             56,461                                21              38                     (16,941)        (17,513)               64,042       62,842
 Total Current Liabilities                    3,521          2,401                         12,496             11,583                                81              81                       (3,991)        (2,596)               12,107       11,469
 Total Non-current Liabilities                  329              21                        38,378             34,746                                —               —                           569            578                39,276       35,345
(1) The summary financial information is prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and is in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles issued by the Canadian Accounting Standards Board for publicly-
  accountable enterprises.
(2) This column accounts for investments in all subsidiaries of BCE Inc. under the equity method.
(3) This column accounts for investments in all subsidiaries of BCE Inc. (other than Bell Canada) on a consolidated basis.
(4) This column includes the necessary amounts to eliminate the intercompany balances between BCE Inc., Bell Canada and other subsidiaries and other adjustments to arrive at the information for BCE Inc. on a consolidated basis.
                                                                                                         Exhibit 99.7

                                                    BCE Inc.

                        EXHIBIT TO 2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                           EARNINGS COVERAGE


The following consolidated financial ratios are calculated for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, give
effect to the issuance and redemption of all long-term debt since January 1, 2023 as if these transactions occurred
on January 1, 2023, and are based on unaudited financial information of BCE Inc.

                                                                                               December 31, 2023

Earnings coverage of interest on debt requirements based on net earnings
attributable to owners of BCE Inc. before interest expense and income tax:                           2.6 times

Earnings coverage of interest on debt requirements based on net earnings
attributable to owners of BCE Inc. before interest expense, income tax and
non-controlling interest:                                                                            2.6 times
                                                                                                                    Exhibit 99.31
                                                      CERTIFICATIONS

I, Mirko Bibic, certify that:

    1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc.;

    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
       fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
       misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
       present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for,
       the periods presented in this report;

    4. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
       procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
       (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have:

             a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
                designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its
                consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
                in which this report is being prepared;

             b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
                reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
                financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
                generally accepted accounting principles;

             c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
                covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

             d. Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
                during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
                materially affect, the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting; and




    5. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
       over financial reporting, to the issuer’s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer’s board of directors (or persons
       performing the equivalent functions):

             a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
                financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer’s ability to record, process,
                summarize and report financial information; and

             b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
                in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting.


Date: March 8, 2024

(signed) Mirko Bibic
Mirko Bibic
President and Chief Executive Officer
BCE Inc.
                                                      CERTIFICATIONS

I, Curtis Millen, certify that:

    1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc.;

    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
       fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
       misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
       present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for,
       the periods presented in this report;

    4. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
       procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
       (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have:

             a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
                designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its
                consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
                in which this report is being prepared;

             b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
                reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
                financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
                generally accepted accounting principles;

             c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
                covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

             d. Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
                during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
                materially affect, the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting; and




    5. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
       over financial reporting, to the issuer’s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer’s board of directors (or persons
       performing the equivalent functions):

             a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
                financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer’s ability to record, process,
                summarize and report financial information; and

             b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
               in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting.


Date: March 8, 2024

(signed) Curtis Millen
Curtis Millen
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
BCE Inc.
                                                                                                               Exhibit 99.32

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
                            THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of BCE Inc. (the “Company”), does hereby
certify that:

the annual report on Form 40-F for the year ended December 31, 2023 of the Company (the “Form 40-F”) fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form
40-F fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.


Date: March 8, 2024                                    (signed) Mirko Bibic
                                                       Mirko Bibic
                                                       President and Chief Executive Officer
                                                       BCE Inc.


Date: March 8, 2024                                    (signed) Curtis Millen
                                                       Curtis Millen
                                                       Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
                                                       BCE Inc.
