                                                    UNITED STATES
                                  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                          WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                                       FORM 40-F


     ☐ REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                                                            OR

     ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13(a) OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended:   December 31, 2021                                          Commission File Number:   1-8481



                                                       BCE INC.
                                   (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
                                                          Canada
                             (Province or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
                                                          4813
                         (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number (if applicable))
                                                       98-0134477
                                  (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number (if applicable))
                             1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building A, 7th Floor,
                                  Verdun, Québec, Canada H3E 3B3, (514) 870-8777
                        (Address and telephone number of Registrant’s principal executive offices)



                CT Corporation System, 28 Liberty St., New York, New York 10005, (212) 894-8940
(Name, address (including zip code) and telephone number (including area code) of agent for service in the United States)
                                      Copies of all correspondence should be sent to:

   Martin Cossette                                            Donald R. Crawshaw
   Vice-President, Legal and Corporate Secretary              Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
   BCE Inc.                                                   125 Broad Street
   1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell                         New York, New York 10004-2498
   Building A, 7th Floor                                      Tel: (212) 558-4000
   Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3
   Canada
   Tel: (514) 786-8424
                                  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

         Title of each class                   Trading symbol                Name of each exchange on which registered

         Common shares                              BCE                              New York Stock Exchange


                               Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
               Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None
                      For annual reports, indicate by check mark the information filed with this form:
                           ☒ Annual Information Form ☒ Audited Annual Financial Statements
Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the
period covered by the annual report:

   Common Shares                                                                                           909,018,871
   First Preferred Shares
       Series R                                                                                              7,998,900
       Series S                                                                                              2,128,267
       Series T                                                                                              5,870,133
       Series Y                                                                                              8,079,291
       Series Z                                                                                              1,918,509
       Series AA                                                                                            11,397,196
       Series AB                                                                                             8,599,204
       Series AC                                                                                            10,027,991
       Series AD                                                                                             9,963,209
       Series AE                                                                                             6,512,913
       Series AF                                                                                             9,481,487
       Series AG                                                                                             8,979,530
       Series AH                                                                                             5,017,570
       Series AI                                                                                             9,535,040
       Series AJ                                                                                             4,464,960
       Series AK                                                                                            23,190,312
       Series AL                                                                                             1,799,388
       Series AM                                                                                            10,439,978
       Series AN                                                                                             1,054,722
       Series AO                                                                                             4,600,000
       Series AQ                                                                                             9,200,000
   Total First Preferred Shares                                                                            160,258,600
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
                                                        Yes: ☒ No: ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
                                                        Yes: ☒ No: ☐



                                                                                                                              2
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.

        Emerging Growth Company ☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

† The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the
effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.
7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒


                                                                                                                            3
                                 PRIOR FILINGS MODIFIED AND SUPERSEDED
The annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc. (“BCE”) for the year ended December 31, 2021, at the time of filing with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC” or “Commission”), modifies and supersedes all prior documents
filed pursuant to Sections 13, 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act for purposes of any offers or sales of any securities after
the date of such filing pursuant to any registration statement or prospectus filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933
which incorporates by reference such annual report on Form 40-F.
                       ANNUAL AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                           AND MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
A. Annual Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
The BCE annual audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the “BCE 2021
Financial Statements”) are contained in Exhibit 99.3 and are incorporated herein by reference.
B. Management’s Discussion and Analysis
For the BCE management’s discussion and analysis for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the “BCE 2021 MD&A”), see
pages 30 to 126 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report, which BCE 2021 MD&A is contained in Exhibit 99.2 and is
incorporated herein by reference.
                                  DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be
disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under Canadian or U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified under those laws, and include controls and procedures that are designed to
ensure that the information is accumulated and communicated to management, including BCE’s President and Chief
Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure.
As at December 31, 2021, management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the CEO and the
CFO, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act,
and under National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings.
Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as at
December 31, 2021.
                             INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
A. Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting
The report of BCE’s management entitled “Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting” appearing at
page 127 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report, which report is contained in Exhibit 99.4, is incorporated herein by reference.
B. Auditors’ report on internal control over financial reporting
The report of independent registered public accounting firm concerning the effectiveness of BCE’s internal control over
financial reporting appearing at page 128 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report, which report is contained in Exhibit 99.4, is
incorporated herein by reference.




                                                                                                                            4
C. Changes in internal control over financial reporting
There have been no changes during the year ended December 31, 2021 in our internal control over financial reporting that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
                           STATEMENT REGARDING CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
There can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures to disclose all
material information otherwise required to be set forth in our disclosure. Furthermore, a control system, no matter how
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to the reliability of financial
reporting and financial statement preparation. Accordingly, BCE does not expect that BCE’s internal control over financial
reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. BCE will continue to periodically review its disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting and may make modifications from time to time as considered
necessary or desirable.
                                     AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT
In respect of the current members of BCE’s Audit Committee (“Audit Committee”), the board of directors of BCE
determined that the current Chair of the Audit Committee, Mr. L.P. Pagnutti, as well as Ms. K. Lee and Ms. M.F. Leroux
are qualified as “audit committee financial experts”, and that all members of the Audit Committee are independent under
the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange.
                                                    CODE OF ETHICS
All employees, directors and officers must follow Bell Canada’s Code of Business Conduct (the “Code of Conduct”),
which provides guidelines for ethical behaviour. The Code of Conduct includes additional guidelines for executive officers
and management, including the CEO, CFO, Controller and Treasurer. The Code of Conduct is available in the governance
section of BCE’s website at BCE.ca and will be provided in print at no charge to any person who sends a written request
by mail to BCE Inc. addressed to the Corporate Secretary, at 1, carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building A, 7th Floor,
Verdun, Québec, Canada H3E 3B3.

In 2021, amendments were made to the Code of Conduct in order to:


  –    rename and update the section entitled Protecting Confidential Information to update references to corporate
       policies and related directives;
  –    update the section entitled Dealing with Customers to clarify obligations relating to respecting customers'
       uniqueness;
  –    rename and update the section entitled Workplace to clarify obligations relating to BCE's flexible work
       arrangements and profiles;
  –    combine and update the sections entitled Respect and Professionalism in the Workplace and Diversity, Inclusion
       and Employment Equity into a new section entitled Respect, Diversity, Inclusion and Employment Equity to clarify
       and update certain of its content, including obligations relating to fostering a respectful and inclusive workplace;
  –    rename and update the section entitled Preventing Workplace Harassment and Violence to clarify employees' and
       leaders' obligations, including reporting requirements;
  –    update the section entitled Alcohol, Drugs and Other Substances to clarify and update certain of its content,
       including instructions for employees working remotely; and
  –    update the section entitled Journalistic Independence to include the Noovo News division and applicable reporting
       requirements.




                                                                                                                              5
In addition to these changes, certain other technical, administrative and non-substantive amendments were made to the
Code of Conduct.
A copy of the Code of Conduct, as amended, has been posted on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.
                                  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

A brief description of our pre-approval policies and procedures and information about fees and services billed to us by our
principal accountant, Deloitte LLP (PCAOB ID No. 1208) can be found under the sections entitled “Pre-approval policies
and procedures” and “External auditors’ fees” on page 38 of our Annual Information Form contained in Exhibit 99.1,
which sections are incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 40-F.

In 2021 and 2020, no audit-related, tax or other services were submitted to BCE’s Audit Committee for approval pursuant
to the pre-approval requirement waiver provision set out in paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X.
                                       OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
Please see the sections entitled “Contractual obligations” and “Indemnifications and guarantees (off-balance sheet)” at
page 96 of the BCE 2021 MD&A contained in Exhibit 99.2 (which sections are incorporated by reference in this annual
report on Form 40-F) for a discussion of certain off-balance sheet arrangements.
                                   IDENTIFICATION OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE

BCE has a separately designated standing Audit Committee established in accordance with section 3(a)(58)(A) of the
Exchange Act. BCE’s Audit Committee is comprised of six independent members: Mr. L.P. Pagnutti (Chair), Ms. K. Lee,
Ms. M.F. Leroux, Ms. J. Tory and Mr. C. Wright.

                                              MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
                                                       UNDERTAKING
BCE undertakes to make available, in person or by telephone, representatives to respond to inquiries made by the
Commission staff, and to furnish promptly, when requested to do so by the Commission staff, information relating to: the
securities in relation to which the obligation to file this annual report on Form 40-F arises or transactions in said securities.
                                                WEBSITE INFORMATION
Notwithstanding any reference to BCE’s website or other websites on the World Wide Web in this annual report on Form
40-F or in the documents attached as Exhibits hereto, the information contained in BCE’s website or any other site on the
World Wide Web referred to in this annual report on Form 40-F or in the documents attached as Exhibits hereto, or referred
to in BCE’s website, is not a part of this annual report on Form 40-F and, therefore, is not filed with the Commission.
     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES FROM NYSE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE RULES
A summary of significant differences between corporate governance practices followed by BCE and corporate governance
practices required to be followed by U.S. domestic companies under the New York Stock Exchange’s Listing Standards
(disclosure required by section 303A.11 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual) is available in the governance section of
BCE’s website at BCE.ca.



                                                                                                                                6
                                                       SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on
Form 40-F and has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized.

                                                                                        BCE Inc.

                                                                                        By:      (signed) Glen LeBlanc
                                                                                                 Glen LeBlanc
                                                                                                 Executive Vice-President and
                                                                                                 Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                        Date:    March 4, 2022




                                                                                                                                 7
                                                                                               LIST OF EXHIBITS
                                                                                               TO FORM 40-F
Annual Information Form of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2021                          Exhibit 99.1
Management's Discussion and Analysis of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2021             Exhibit 99.2
Annual audited consolidated financial statements of BCE Inc. for the year ended December 31,
2021                                                                                              Exhibit 99.3
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting and the Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon                                             Exhibit 99.4
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                                          Exhibit 99.5
Bell Canada Unaudited Selected Summary Financial Information                                      Exhibit 99.6
Exhibit to 2021 Annual Financial Statements – Earnings Coverage                                   Exhibit 99.7
Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                                                    Exhibit 99.31
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002        Exhibit 99.32
Interactive Data File                                                                             Exhibit 101
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)          Exhibit 104



                                                                                                                  8
                                                                                                                                           Exhibit 99.1




ADVANCING HOW CANADIANS CONNECT WITH EACH OTHER AND THE WORLD ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 MARCH 3, 2022
                                               In this Annual Information Form, we, us, our, BCE and the company mean, as the context
                                               may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively, BCE Inc., Bell Canada, their subsidiaries, joint
                                               arrangements and associates. Bell means, as the context may require, either Bell Canada
                                               or, collectively, Bell Canada, its subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates.
                                               Each section of BCE’s 2019, 2020 and 2021 management’s discussion and analysis (BCE
                                               2019 MD&A, BCE 2020 MD&A and BCE 2021 MD&A, respectively) and each section of
                                               BCE’s 2021 consolidated financial statements referred to in this Annual Information Form is
                                               incorporated by reference herein. No other document shall be considered to be
                                               incorporated by reference in this Annual Information Form. The BCE 2019 MD&A, BCE
                                               2020 MD&A, BCE 2021 MD&A and BCE 2021 consolidated financial statements have
                                               been filed with the Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities (available at
                                               sedar.com) and with the United States (U.S.) Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
                                               as exhibits to BCE’s annual reports on Form 40-F (available at sec.gov). They are also
                                               available on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.
                                               Documents and other information contained in BCE’s website or in any other site referred
                                               to in BCE’s website or in this Annual Information Form are not part of this Annual
                                               Information Form and are not incorporated by reference herein.
                                               All dollar figures are in Canadian dollars, unless stated otherwise. The information in this
                                               Annual Information Form is as of March 3, 2022, unless stated otherwise, and except for
                                               information in documents incorporated by reference that have a different date.




Trademarks in this Annual Information Form which are owned or used under licence by BCE Inc., Bell Canada or their subsidiaries include, without limitation, BCE, BELL Design, BELL MOBILITY and BELL MEDIA. This Annual
Information Form also includes trademarks of other parties. The trademarks referred to in this Annual Information Form may be listed without the ® and TM symbols.
© BCE Inc., 2022. All rights reserved.
Table of contents
                                                                                                                                                                     PARTS OF MD&A AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL                           INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (REFERENCES ARE TO
                                                                                                                        INFORMATION                              PAGES OF THE BCE 2021 ANNUAL REPORT, EXCEPT
                                                                                                                               FORM                                              WHERE OTHERWISE INDICATED)


1     Caution regarding forward-looking statements                                                                                 2                                       50; 57; 75; 81; 86; 107-116

2     Corporate structure                                                                                                          4
      2.1        Incorporation and registered office                                                                               4
      2.2        Subsidiaries                                                                                                      4

3     Description of our business                                                                                                  5
      3.1        General summary                                                                                                   5                35-38; 56-57; 64-65; 72; 75; 77; 80-81; 86; 102
      3.2        Strategic imperatives                                                                                             6                                                                 51-54
      3.3        Competitive strengths                                                                                             6                                                                 52-53
      3.4        Marketing and distribution channels                                                                             10
      3.5        Transformation of our networks, systems and processes                                                           12
      3.6        Networks                                                                                                        12
      3.7        Employees                                                                                                       15
      3.8        Corporate responsibility                                                                                        15                                                                  45-50
      3.9        Competitive environment                                                                                         20                               57-61; 74-75; 79-80; 82; 84-85; 87
      3.10       Regulatory environment                                                                                          20                                                               103-106
      3.11       Intangible properties                                                                                           20

4     General development of our business – three-year history                                                                   21
      4.1        Transactions                                                                                                    21
      4.2        Corporate developments                                                                                          22            38-42; 51-54; 38-41 (1); 49-53 (1); 34-37 (2); 41-45 (2)
      4.3        Regulatory environment                                                                                          22                                     103-106; 99-102 (1); 88-92 (2)

5     Our capital structure                                                                                                      23
      5.1        BCE securities                                                                                                  23                                                               170-171
      5.2        Bell Canada debt securities                                                                                     24                                                               161-162
      5.3        Credit ratings                                                                                                  25
      5.4        Trading of our securities                                                                                       28

6     Dividends and dividend payout policy                                                                                       30                                                      39-42; 121-125

7     Our directors and executive officers                                                                                       31
      7.1        Directors                                                                                                       31
      7.2        Executive officers                                                                                              32
      7.3        Directors’ and executive officers’ share ownership                                                              32

8     Legal proceedings                                                                                                          33

9     Interest of management and others in material transactions                                                                 36

10 Interest of experts                                                                                                           36

11 Transfer agent and registrar                                                                                                  36

12 For more information                                                                                                          36

13 Schedule 1 – Audit Committee information                                                                                      37

14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter                                                                                          39




(1) References to parts of the BCE 2020 MD&A contained in BCE’s annual report for the year ended December 31, 2020 (BCE 2020 Annual Report).
(2) References to parts of the BCE 2019 MD&A contained in BCE’s annual report for the year ended December 31, 2019 (BCE 2019 Annual Report).

                                                                                                                                                      BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 1
1 Caution regarding forward-looking statements


1          Caution regarding forward-looking statements
Certain statements made in this Annual Information Form are forward-looking statements. These statements include, without limitation, statements
relating to BCE’s dividend growth objective and 2022 annualized common share dividend, BCE’s network deployment and capital investment plans and
the benefits expected to result therefrom, including its two-year increased capital expenditure acceleration program for the accelerated deployment of
our fibre, Wireless Home Internet and Fifth Generation (5G) networks, our objectives concerning carbon abatement enablement and reductions in the
level of our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions including our objective for carbon neutral operations starting in 2025 and to achieve science-based
targets (SBTs) by 2030, our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities, and other statements that do not refer to historical facts. A
statement we make is forward-looking when it uses what we know and expect today to make a statement about the future. Forward-looking statements
are typically identified by the words assumption, goal, guidance, objective, outlook, project, strategy, target and other similar expressions or future or
conditional verbs such as aim, anticipate, believe, could, expect, intend, may, plan, seek, should, strive and will. All such forward-looking statements
are made pursuant to the safe harbour provisions of applicable Canadian securities laws and of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995.
Unless otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements in this               Important risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ
Annual Information Form describe our expectations as at March 3, 2022              materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the previously mentioned
and, accordingly, are subject to change after that date. Except as may be          forward-looking statements and other forward-looking statements contained in
required by applicable securities laws, we do not undertake any obligation to      this Annual Information Form include, but are not limited to: the adverse effects
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new        of the COVID-19 pandemic including from the restrictive measures
information, future events or otherwise.                                           implemented or to be implemented as a result thereof and supply chain
                                                                                   disruptions; adverse economic and financial market conditions, a declining level
Forward-looking statements, by their very nature, are subject to inherent risks    of retail and commercial activity, and the resulting negative impact on the
and uncertainties and are based on several assumptions, both general and           demand for, and prices of, our products and services; the intensity of
specific, which give rise to the possibility that actual results or events could   competitive activity including from new and emerging competitors; the level of
differ materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, such          technological substitution and the presence of alternative service providers
forward-looking statements and that our business outlook, objectives, plans        contributing to disruptions and disintermediation in each of our business
and strategic priorities may not be achieved. These statements are not             segments; changing customer behaviour and the expansion of over-the-top
guarantees of future performance or events, and we caution you against             (OTT) television (TV) and other alternative service providers, as well as the
relying on any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking                fragmentation of, and changes in, the advertising market; rising content costs
statements are presented in this Annual Information Form for the purpose of        and challenges in our ability to acquire or develop key content; the proliferation
assisting investors and others in understanding our objectives, strategic          of content piracy; higher Canadian smartphone penetration and reduced or
priorities and business outlook, as well as our anticipated operating              slower immigration flow; regulatory initiatives, proceedings and decisions,
environment. Readers are cautioned, however, that such information may not         government consultations and government positions that affect us and
be appropriate for other purposes.                                                 influence our business including, without limitation, concerning the conditions
Subject to various factors including, without limitation, the future impacts of    and prices at which access to our networks may be mandated and spectrum
the COVID-19 pandemic, which are difficult to predict, we believe that the         may be acquired in auctions; the inability to protect our physical and
assumptions on which the forward-looking statements made in this Annual            non-physical assets from events such as information security attacks,
Information Form are based were reasonable at March 3, 2022. Refer in              unauthorized access or entry, fire and natural disasters; the failure to implement
particular to the sub-sections of the BCE 2021 MD&A entitled Assumptions on        effective data governance; the failure to evolve and transform our networks,
pages 50, 57, 75, 81 and 86, of BCE’s annual report for the year ended             systems and operations using next-generation technologies while lowering our
December 31, 2021 (BCE 2021 Annual Report) for a discussion of certain key         cost structure; the inability to drive a positive customer experience; the failure to
economic, market, operational and other assumptions including assumptions          attract, develop and retain a diverse and talented team capable of furthering
relating to our GHG emissions reduction targets we have made in preparing          our strategic imperatives; labour disruptions and shortages; the failure to
forward-looking statements. If our assumptions turn out to be inaccurate,          maintain operational networks; the risk that we may need to incur significant
actual results or events could be materially different from what we expect.        unplanned capital expenditures to provide additional capacity


2 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
1 Caution regarding forward-looking statements

and reduce network congestion; the complexity of our operations; the failure           These and other risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ
to implement or maintain highly effective processes and information                    materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-
technology (IT) systems; events affecting the functionality of, and our ability to     looking statements are discussed in this Annual Information Form and the BCE
protect, test, maintain, replace and upgrade, our networks, IT systems,                2021 MD&A and, in particular, in section 9, Business risks of the BCE 2021
equipment and other facilities; in-orbit and other operational risks to which the      MD&A, on pages 107 to 116 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report.
satellites used to provide our satellite TV services are subject; our
dependence on third-party suppliers, outsourcers, and consultants to provide           Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Information Form for
an uninterrupted supply of the products and services we need; the failure of           periods beyond 2022 involve longer-term assumptions and estimates than
our vendor selection, governance and oversight processes, including our                forward-looking statements for 2022 and are consequently subject to greater
management of supplier risk in the areas of security, data governance and              uncertainty. In particular, our GHG emissions reduction targets are based on a
responsible procurement; the quality of our products and services and the              number of assumptions including, without limitation, the following principal
extent to which they may be subject to defects or fail to comply with                  assumptions: implementation of various corporate and business initiatives to
applicable government regulations and standards; the inability to access               reduce our electricity and fuel consumption, as well as reduce other direct and
adequate sources of capital and generate sufficient cash flows from operating          indirect GHG emissions enablers; no new corporate initiatives, business
activities to meet our cash requirements, fund capital expenditures and                acquisitions or technologies that would materially increase our anticipated
provide for planned growth; uncertainty as to whether dividends will be                levels of GHG emissions; our ability to purchase sufficient credible carbon
declared by BCE’s board of directors or whether the dividend on common                 credits and renewable energy certificates to offset or further reduce our GHG
shares will be increased; the inability to manage various credit, liquidity and        emissions, if and when required; no negative impact on the calculation of our
market risks; new or higher taxes due to new tax laws or changes thereto or            GHG emissions from refinements in or modifications to international standards
in the interpretation thereof, and the inability to predict the outcome of             or the methodology we use for the calculation of such GHG emissions; no
government audits; the failure to reduce costs, as well as unexpected                  required changes to our SBTs pursuant to the Science Based Targets initiative
increases in costs, and the inability to generate anticipated benefits from            (SBTi) methodology that would make the achievement of our updated SBTs
acquisitions and corporate restructurings; the failure to evolve practices to          more onerous; and sufficient supplier engagement and collaboration in setting
effectively monitor and control fraudulent activities; pension obligation volatility   their own SBTs and sufficient collaboration with partners in reducing their own
and increased contributions to post-employment benefit plans; unfavourable             GHG emissions.
resolution of legal proceedings and, in particular, class actions; the failure to      Forward-looking statements for periods beyond 2022 further assume, unless
develop and implement strong corporate governance practices and                        otherwise indicated, that the competitive, regulatory, security, technological,
compliance frameworks and to comply with legal and regulatory obligations;             operational, financial and other risks described above and in section 9,
the failure to recognize and adequately respond to climate change and other            Business risks of the BCE 2021 MD&A will remain substantially unchanged
environmental concerns and expectations; pandemics, epidemics and other                during such periods, except for an assumed improvement in the risks related to
health risks, including health concerns about radio frequency emissions from           the COVID-19 pandemic and general economic conditions in future years.
wireless communications devices and equipment; the inability to adequately
manage social issues; and internal factors, such as the failure to implement           We caution readers that the risks described above are not the only ones that
sufficient corporate and business initiatives, as well as various external factors     could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or
which could challenge our ability to achieve our environmental, social and             that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse
governance (ESG) targets including, without limitation, those related to GHG           effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or
emissions reduction and diversity, equity and inclusion.                               reputation. From time to time, we consider potential acquisitions, dispositions,
                                                                                       mergers, business combinations, investments, monetizations, joint ventures
                                                                                       and other transactions, some of which may be significant. Except as otherwise
                                                                                       indicated by us, forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact
                                                                                       of any such transactions or of special items that may be announced or that may
                                                                                       occur after March 3, 2022. The financial impact of these transactions and
                                                                                       special items can be complex and depends on facts particular to each of them.
                                                                                       We therefore cannot describe the expected impact in a meaningful way or in
                                                                                       the same way we present known risks affecting our business.

                                                                                                                           BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 3
2 Corporate structure


2               Corporate structure
2.1             Incorporation and registered office
BCE Inc. was incorporated in 1970 and was continued under the Canada                                                       the exchange of Bell Canada preferred shares for BCE Inc. preferred shares;
Business Corporations Act in 1979. It is governed by a certificate and articles                                            (c) a certificate and articles of amendment dated June 29, 2011 to create two
of amalgamation dated August 1, 2004, as amended by: (a) a certificate and                                                 additional series of BCE Inc. Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares
articles of arrangement dated July 10, 2006 to implement a plan of                                                         (first preferred shares or Preferred Shares); and (d) certificates and articles of
arrangement providing for the distribution by BCE Inc. to its shareholders of                                              amendment dated September 22, 2014 and November 11, 2014 to create six
units in the Bell Aliant Regional Communications Income Fund and to                                                        additional series of BCE Inc. first preferred shares. BCE Inc.’s head and
consolidate outstanding BCE Inc. common shares; (b) a certificate and                                                      registered offices are located at 1, Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Building
articles of amendment dated January 25, 2007 to implement a plan of                                                        A, Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3.
arrangement providing for



2.2             Subsidiaries
The table below shows BCE Inc.’s main subsidiaries at December 31, 2021,                                                   assets and 10% or less of our total consolidated operating revenues at
which are all incorporated in Canada, and the percentage of voting securities                                              December 31, 2021. These other subsidiaries together represented 20% or less
that BCE Inc. directly or indirectly held in such subsidiaries on that date. BCE                                           of our total consolidated assets and 20% or less of our total consolidated
Inc. has other subsidiaries that have not been included in the table since each                                            operating revenues at December 31, 2021.
represented 10% or less of our total consolidated

                                                                                                                                                                                                   PERCENTAGE OF VOTING SECURITIES HELD
SUBSIDIARY                                                                                                                                                                                               BY BCE INC. AT DECEMBER 31, 2021(1)

Bell Canada                                                                                                                                                                                                                            100%
Bell Mobility Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     100%
Bell Media Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        100%

(1) At December 31, 2021, BCE Inc. directly held 94.1% of the voting securities of Bell Canada and indirectly held the remaining 5.9% through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bell MTS Inc. BCE Inc. indirectly held all the voting
    securities of: (i) Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility) through Bell Canada, which in turn indirectly held all the voting securities of Bell Mobility through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bell Mobility Holdings Inc.; and (ii) Bell Media Inc.
    (Bell Media) through Bell Canada.

4 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business


3          Description of our business
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our network deployment and capital investment plans, and our business
outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to section 1, Caution regarding forward-looking statements in this Annual Information Form.

COVID-19
BCE’s purpose is to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the          half of the year, and the global supply chain challenges experienced in the
world. Our strategy builds on our longstanding strengths in networks, service      second half of the year.
innovation and content creation, and positions the company for continued
growth and innovation leadership. Through our Bell for Better initiative, we are   Due to uncertainties relating to the severity and duration of the COVID-19
investing to create a better today and a better tomorrow by supporting the         pandemic and possible resurgences in the number of COVID-19 cases,
social and economic prosperity of our communities. With our connectivity           including as a result of the potential emergence of other variants, and various
initiatives from the smallest rural communities to the largest cities,             potential outcomes, it is difficult at this time to estimate the impacts of the
investments in mental health initiatives, environmental sustainability and an      COVID-19 pandemic on our business or future financial results and related
engaged workplace, we look to create a thriving, prosperous and more               assumptions. Our business and financial results could continue to be
connected world for Canadians across the country, especially as we recover         unfavourably impacted, and could again become more significantly and
from the unprecedented challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic. Through our            negatively impacted, in future periods including, among others, as a result of
capital expenditure acceleration program, we are delivering more connections       global supply chain challenges adversely affecting our wireless and wireline
to help Canada’s social and economic recovery from the COVID-19                    product revenues.
pandemic.                                                                          In addition, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to
Our financial and operating performance saw a steady improvement in 2021           adversely impact us will depend on future developments that are difficult to
despite the continued adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic                     predict, including the prevalence of COVID-19 variants that are more
experienced throughout the year, due to our strong operational execution and       contagious and may lead to increased health risks, the timely distribution of
the easing of government restrictions in the second half of the year. It has       effective vaccines and treatments, the potential development and distribution of
been almost two years since the pandemic began affecting our performance           new vaccines and treatments, vaccination hesitancy and the number of
and we have since adapted many aspects of our business to better operate in        individuals who choose to remain unvaccinated, the time required to achieve
this environment. Additionally, compared to 2020, the effects of the pandemic      broad immunity, as well as new information which may emerge concerning the
on our year-over-year performance were considerably reduced, with Q2 2020          severity and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the number and
being the quarter most significantly affected by the pandemic. The impacts of      intensity of resurgences in COVID-19 cases, and the actions required to
the COVID-19 pandemic, although moderated, continued to unfavourably               contain the coronavirus or remedy its impacts, among others. Any of the risks
impact Bell Wireless product and roaming revenues, Bell Media advertising          referred to in this Annual Information Form, including, in particular, in the
revenues, as well as Bell Wireline business market equipment revenues, due         section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this
to reduced commercial activity as a result of the government restrictions put in   Annual Information Form, and others arising from the COVID-19 pandemic,
place to combat the pandemic, particularly in the first                            could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
                                                                                   liquidity, financial results or reputation.



3.1        General summary
BCE is Canada’s largest communications company, providing residential,             Bell Media provides conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV, streaming services,
business and wholesale customers with a wide range of solutions for all their      digital media services, radio broadcasting services and out-of-home (OOH)
communications needs. Our results are reported in three segments: Bell             advertising services to customers nationally across Canada.
Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media.
                                                                                   Additional information regarding our business operations and the products and
Bell Wireless provides wireless voice and data communication products and          services we provide can be found in section 1.2, About BCE of the BCE 2021
services to our residential, small and medium-sized business and large             MD&A, on pages 35 to 38 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report.
enterprise customers as well as consumer electronics products across
Canada.                                                                            In addition to our operating segments, we also hold investments in a number of
                                                                                   other assets, including:
Bell Wireline provides data, including Internet access and Internet protocol       • a 28% indirect equity interest in Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd., a
television (IPTV), local telephone, long distance, as well as other                  sports and entertainment company that owns several sports teams, including
communication services and products to our residential, small and                    the Toronto Maple Leafs, the Toronto Raptors, Toronto FC and the Toronto
medium-sized business and large enterprise customers, primarily in Ontario,          Argonauts, as well as real estate and entertainment assets in Toronto
Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, while satellite TV service and
connectivity to business customers are available nationally across Canada. In      • a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel Inc. (Glentel), a Canadian-based
addition, this segment includes our wholesale business, which buys and sells         connected services retailer
local telephone, long distance, data and other services from or to resellers
and other carriers.

                                                                                                                       BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 5
3 Description of our business

• an 18.4% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montreal         revenues), Bell Wireline’s operating revenues totalled $12,206 million
  Canadiens Hockey Club, evenko (a promoter and producer of cultural and          ($11,884 million external revenues) and Bell Media’s operating revenues
  sports events) and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec, as well as Place        totalled $2,750 million ($2,369 million external revenues). A table showing the
  Bell in Laval, Québec                                                           operating revenues that each segment contributed to total operating revenues
                                                                                  for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 can be found in section 4.3,
A discussion of the key transactions completed by BCE in the last three           Operating revenues of the BCE 2021 MD&A, on pages 64 and 65 of the BCE
financial years can be found in section 4.1, Transactions of this Annual          2021 Annual Report. A table showing the operating revenues of our Bell
Information Form.                                                                 Wireless and Bell Wireline segments by category of products and services can
For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we generated                      be found in section 5.1, Bell Wireless and section 5.2, Bell Wireline of the BCE
consolidated operating revenues of $23,449 million and $22,883 million,           2021 MD&A, on pages 72 and 77, respectively, of the BCE 2021 Annual
respectively, and consolidated net earnings of $2,892 million and                 Report.
$2,699 million, respectively. Consolidated net earnings for the year ended        Some of our segments’ revenues vary slightly by season. For more information,
December 31, 2020 included $226 million of net earnings from discontinued         refer to section 7.2, Quarterly financial information – Seasonality considerations
operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Bell Wireless’ operating        of the BCE 2021 MD&A, on page 102 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report.
revenues totalled $8,999 million ($8,948 million external revenues), Bell
Wireline’s operating revenues totalled $12,178 million ($11,820 million           Additional information regarding the business outlook of our Bell Wireless, Bell
external revenues) and Bell Media’s operating revenues totalled                   Wireline and Bell Media segments can be found in the sections entitled
$3,036 million ($2,681 million external revenues). For the year ended             Business outlook and assumptions of the BCE 2021 MD&A, on pages 56, 57,
December 31, 2020, Bell Wireless’ operating revenues totalled $8,683 million      75, 80, 81 and 86 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report.
($8,630 million external



3.2        Strategic imperatives
BCE’s purpose is to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the         our focus on creating a more sustainable future directly into our six strategic
world. Our strategy builds on our longstanding strengths in networks, service     imperatives, reflecting our longstanding commitment to the highest ESG
innovation and content creation, and positions the company for continued          standards. The six strategic imperatives that underlie BCE’s business plan are:
growth and innovation leadership. Our primary business objectives are to
grow our subscriber base profitably and to maximize revenues, operating           1. Build the best networks
profit, free cash flow and return on invested capital by further enhancing our    2. Drive growth with innovative services
position as the foremost provider in Canada of comprehensive
communications services to residential, business and wholesale customers,         3. Deliver the most compelling content
and as Canada’s leading content creation company. We seek to take                 4. Champion customer experience
advantage of opportunities to leverage our networks, infrastructure, sales
                                                                                  5. Operate with agility and cost efficiency
channels, and brand and marketing resources across our various lines of
business to create value for both our customers and other stakeholders.           6. Engage and invest in our people and create a sustainable future
Our strategy is centred on our disciplined focus and execution of six strategic   Additional information regarding our strategic imperatives can be found in
imperatives that position us to deliver continued success in a fast-changing      section 2, Strategic imperatives of the BCE 2021 MD&A, on pages 51 to 54 of
communications marketplace. In 2022, we embedded                                  the BCE 2021 Annual Report.



3.3        Competitive strengths
CANADA’S LARGEST COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY                                             and data services. We also had approximately 2.2 million mobile connected
                                                                                    device subscribers at December 31, 2021.
We are Canada’s largest communications company, offering a wide range of
telecommunications products and services, as described below:                     • BCE is the largest Internet service provider in Canada based on number of
                                                                                    subscribers, providing approximately 3.9 million retail customers at
• We are the largest local exchange carrier in Canada. BCE operates an              December 31, 2021 with high-speed Internet access through fibre-optic,
  extensive local access network in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces         wireless-to-the-premise (WTTP) and digital subscriber line (DSL) technology
  and Manitoba, as well as in Canada’s Northern Territories. We provide a
  complete suite of wireless communications, wireline voice and data,             • BCE is the largest TV provider in Canada based on number of subscribers,
  including Internet access and TV, product and service offerings to                nationally broadcasting a wide range of domestic and international
  residential, business and wholesale customers. We also own Bell Media,            programming to approximately 2.7 million retail subscribers at December 31,
  Canada’s leading content creation company with premier assets in TV,              2021 through its IPTV services, namely Fibe TV, the Fibe TV app and Virgin
  radio, and OOH advertising, monetized through traditional and digital             Plus TV, as well as its satellite TV service
  platforms.                                                                      • BCE operated approximately 2.3 million retail residential network access
• We also offer competitive local exchange carrier (CLEC) services in Alberta       service (NAS) voice lines at December 31, 2021
  and British Columbia
• At December 31, 2021, BCE was one of the largest wireless operators in
  Canada based on number of subscribers, providing approximately
  9.5 million mobile phone subscribers with nationwide mobile voice

6 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

Our large customer base, our wireline and wireless network reach, and our            In June 2020, Bell launched its 5G wireless network, offering enhanced mobile
ability to sell through a variety of distribution channels, as discussed in more     data speeds and the latest 5G-capable smartphones. As with previous wireless
detail in section 3.4, Marketing and distribution channels in this Annual            and wireline network deployments, Bell is working with multiple equipment
Information Form, give us scale that supports the execution of our six               suppliers for its 5G rollout, including Nokia Corporation (Nokia) and
strategic imperatives. With a wireless network service footprint that                Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (Ericsson). In 2021, Bell acquired significant
encompasses more than 99% of the Canadian population, a coast-to-coast               additional mid-band, flexible-use 3500 megahertz (MHz) wireless spectrum in
national fibre transport network and a local exchange carrier footprint from         the auction by Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada
Manitoba to the Atlantic provinces, BCE is well positioned to take advantage         (ISED). Essential to Canada’s ongoing transition to 5G communications, these
of integrated wireless and wireline solutions in the future.                         high-capacity airwaves extend Bell’s leadership in delivering enhanced 5G
                                                                                     digital experiences to Canadian consumers and businesses in urban, rural and
On May 31, 2021, we announced that our capital expenditure acceleration              remote communities. Refer to section 4.1, Transactions – Acquisition of
program, initially announced on February 4, 2021, of $1 billion to $1.2 billion      3500 MHz wireless spectrum in this Annual Information Form for more details.
in additional network funding for 2021 and 2022, would increase to up to
$1.7 billion in response to the support for infrastructure investment reflected in   Bell’s 5G network covered over 70% of Canada’s population at December 31,
federal regulatory and policy decisions rendered earlier in the year. This           2021, a significant increase from the 26% of the Canadian population covered
$1.7 billion in accelerated capital expenditures to advance the rollout of our       at the end of 2020, attributable to our capital expenditure acceleration program
broadband fibre, 5G wireless and rural networks and help drive Canada’s              described above. Refer to section 3.6, Networks – Wireless in this Annual
recovery from the COVID-19 crisis is in addition to the approximately                Information Form for more details concerning our wireless networks.
$4 billion in capital expenditures that Bell has typically spent each year on
network expansion and enhancement over the past decade.                              Bell’s wireless networks received several awards in 2021. Bell’s 5G mobile
                                                                                     network ranked as Canada’s fastest 5G network twice in a row in Ookla’s 2021
                                                                                     Speedtest Awards based on Speedtest results independently collected and
TECHNOLOGICALLY ADVANCED WIRELESS NETWORKS
                                                                                     analyzed by Ookla for Q1-Q2 and Q3-Q4 and calculated using median 5G
AND SERVICES                                                                         download and upload speeds. In October 2021, Bell’s wireless networks (4G
Our Bell Wireless segment provides wireless services over technologically            and 5G) were further ranked Canada’s fastest in PCMag’s Fastest Mobile
advanced wireless networks that are available to virtually all of the Canadian       Networks Canada 2021, its annual study of mobile network performance across
population. We offer a broad range of wireless voice and data communication          the country. PCMag’s testers drove around more than 40 Canadian cities and
products and services to residential and business customers through our Bell         towns, as well as rural areas in eight provinces. Testing both 5G and 4G
brand, as well as our Virgin Plus (formerly Virgin Mobile Canada) and Lucky          networks, PCMag’s analysis took place in September and October 2021 and
Mobile brands which enhance our competitive market position by allowing us           ranked providers based on a weighted average of download speeds, upload
to compete more effectively with the Canadian industry’s other discount              speeds and latency. In November 2021, Bell’s 5G network was ranked as
brands as well as regional facilities-based wireless service providers.              Canada’s best 5G network by analyst company Global Wireless Solutions
                                                                                     (GWS), which determined that Bell’s 5G network offers the fastest data speeds
Wireless is a key growth segment for us, and we have established strategic           of any mobile network in the country, and is also the top national network for
priorities seeking to further enhance our offerings. We are focused on growing       gaming and video applications. The GWS 5G performance rankings are based
our market share of national operators’ postpaid mobile phone net customer           on data independently analyzed by GWS in Q2-Q3 2021.
activations, growing our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base, improving
sales execution and customer retention, and introducing new devices and              5G INNOVATION AND LEADERSHIP
data services. We also believe our priorities for improved customer
experience at all touch points, enhanced network quality and performance             Bell is working with a range of leading global and domestic 5G partners,
driven by effective spectrum deployment and carrier aggregation that support         including Ericsson and Nokia, to accelerate Canada’s 5G innovation
bandwidth and speeds, as well as a broad device offering, should continue to         ecosystem. This includes continued investment in research and development at
improve our ability to attract and retain wireless customers. With our national      Canadian institutions, such as a partnership between Western University and
high-speed packet access plus (HSPA+) network, our fourth-generation (4G)            Bell to create a new academic centre for research into 5G applications across
long-term evolution (LTE) wireless network, our Dual-band, Tri-band and              health (including mental health), transportation, manufacturing and other
Quad band LTE Advanced (LTE-A) network, and our 5G wireless network, we              sectors, and a partnership with Université de Sherbrooke through the
are able to offer one of the broadest ranges of choice in wireless smartphones       Interdisciplinary Institute for Technological Innovation (3IT) to drive broadband
in Canada, along with extensive North American and international coverage.           technology research in a broad range of sectors including IoT, Smart Campus /
In addition, Bell’s enhanced Gigabit LTE-A network, initially rolled out in 2018     Smart City, innovative manufacturing and smart energy management. The latter
to core locations in Toronto and Kingston, has since expanded to more areas          partnership enabled the installation in 2021 of new remote cell sites to improve
as smartphones that support these advanced speeds have come to market,               cellular coverage in Québec’s Abitibi-Témiscamingue region as part of a
and is available in select cities across Canada. Bell also launched in 2018 a        research project to maximize the use of solar energy to minimize generator use
new LTE, Category M1 (LTE-M) network, which is a subset of our LTE                   in remote locations without access to electricity. On the international stage, Bell
network supporting low-power Internet of Things (IoT) applications with              is involved in the setting of global 5G standards with our participation in the
enhanced coverage, longer device battery life and lower costs for IoT devices        Next Generation Mobile Networks (NGMN) consortium and Third Generation
connecting to Bell’s national network.                                               Partnership Program (3GPP).



                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 7
3 Description of our business

The high capacity and near instant connections offered by mobile 5G will            managed IoT security services that offer businesses, smart cities and other
support a virtually unlimited range of new consumer and business                    organizations employing IoT solutions a fully managed solution to detect and
applications in coming years, including virtual and augmented reality, artificial   protect organizations from evolving cyber threats; and new solutions made
intelligence (AI) and machine learning, immersive entertainment services,           available in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, such as real-time
connected vehicles, smart cities and enhanced rural access, and                     occupancy monitoring, digital signage and sanitizer kiosks.
unprecedented IoT opportunities for business and government enterprises. In
2021, our 5G network enabled the following innovative applications:                 A number of announcements related to IoT applications or transactions were
                                                                                    announced in 2021:
• TSN and RDS launched TSN 5G View / Vision 5G RDS, an exclusive
  in-app feature that leverages Bell’s 5G network to offer fans interactive new     • Bell and Honda Canada announced that new Honda and Acura vehicles are
  ways to watch sports. It was initially introduced with Montreal Canadiens           now equipped with built-in Wi-Fi hotspots over 4G LTE that enable drivers
  and Toronto Maple Leafs regional home game broadcasts, enabling fans to             and their passengers to stay fully connected online, safely and hands-free,
  control the viewing angle of the game on their smartphones, getting up              while on the open road with Bell Connected Car. This is in addition to built-in
  close to every goal, pass, hit and penalty with zoom, pause, rewind and             Wi-Fi hotspots already enabled in supported Ford and Lincoln vehicles since
  slow-motion capabilities. This feature was later expanded to Toronto                2018.
  Raptors home games.                                                               • Bell announced the launch of Smart Supply Chain powered by Bell IoT Smart
• Bell also announced a collaboration with TikTok Canada that lets TikTok             Connect, an “as-a-service” IoT aggregation solution designed for fleet and
  users with Bell 5G co-create with friends in real time while physically apart       supply chain operators which aggregates multiple IoT data sources and
  with Paint Portal, a new 5G multi-user augmented reality experience.                operational data sets into a single dashboard, reducing business complexity
                                                                                      by offering a unified view of a company’s entire fleet, including trucks, trailers,
In 2021, we further announced a number of strategic cloud and technology              drivers and the temperature of cargo, to optimize and automate tracking and
partnerships. We entered into an agreement with Amazon Web Services, Inc.             management
(AWS) to modernize the digital experience for Bell customers and support 5G         • Bell announced an agreement with geographic information system provider
innovation across Canada. Bell will use the breadth and depth of AWS                  Esri Canada to create the Bell Integrated Smart City Ecosystem, enabling
technologies to create and scale new consumer and business applications               Canadian communities to accelerate their digital transformation, enhancing
faster, as well as enhance how its voice, wireless, television and Internet           decision-making and streamlining collaboration across municipal or regional
subscribers engage with Bell services and content such as streaming video.            departments with a platform that collects, integrates and displays data in one
In addition, AWS and Bell are teaming up to bring AWS Wavelength to                   seamless end-to-end experience
Canada, deploying it at the edge of Bell’s 5G network to allow developers to
build ultra-low-latency applications for mobile devices and users. With this        • Bell was announced as a founding partner of “The PIER”, a global showcase
rollout, Bell will become the first Canadian communications company to offer          for sector innovation in transportation, supply chain and logistics in Halifax,
AWS-powered multi-access edge computing (MEC) to business and                         Nova Scotia, where Bell will deploy its 5G-ready managed wireless private
government users. In addition, we announced a strategic partnership with              network, and its 5G network will enable IoT solutions at the port to support
Google Cloud to help power Bell’s company-wide digital transformation,                business-critical functions with real-time data monitoring and reporting to
enhance its network and IT infrastructure, and enable a more sustainable              reduce complexity and derive deeper insights
future. This new, multi-year partnership will combine Bell’s 5G network
leadership with Google’s expertise in multicloud, data analytics and AI, to         NEXT-GENERATION HIGH-SPEED INTERNET AND
deliver next-generation experiences for Bell customers across Canada. As            TV SERVICES
demands on mobile networks evolve and increase, Bell and Google Cloud will
collaborate throughout the next decade on new innovations, including cloud          Our strategic imperative to build the best networks is focused on the expansion
solutions for enterprise customers and consumers powered by Google edge             of our all-fibre network to more homes and business locations. At December 31,
solutions, and enhanced customer service through automation and AI.                 2021, our fibre-to-the-premise (FTTP) broadband fibre network covered
                                                                                    approximately 6.2 million premises (homes and business locations), and our
PROVIDING SOLUTIONS IN GROWING INTERNET                                             combined FTTP and fibre-to-the-node (FTTN) broadband fibre network covered
                                                                                    approximately 10 million premises in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces
OF THINGS SECTOR                                                                    and Manitoba. It enables the delivery of Bell’s next-generation fibre-optic high-
Bell provides a number of solutions in the fast-growing IoT sector, which           speed Internet service marketed as Fibe Internet, offering total download
enables the interconnection of a range of devices and applications that send        access speeds of up to 1.5 gigabits per second (Gbps) with FTTP through our
and receive data. Bell further offers global connectivity solutions for our IoT     Gigabit Fibe 1.5 service, or download speeds of up to 100 megabits per second
platforms and applications, which offer customers worldwide network access          (Mbps) with FTTN. It also enables the delivery of our Internet service marketed
and the ability to manage all of their international devices remotely from a        as Virgin Plus Internet, offering download speeds of up to 100 Mbps. Refer to
single web platform. Bell’s lineup of innovative IoT applications includes          section 3.6, Networks – Wireline – High-speed fibre deployment in this Annual
connected telematics services, including security, safety, diagnostics and          Information Form for more details concerning the deployment of our fibre-optic
infotainment, for vehicles; fuel tank monitoring and water management               high-speed Internet services.
solutions; fleet management solutions connecting commercial vehicles to the
Internet to provide web-based analytics to manage the fleet; connected laptop
solutions, enabling LTE connectivity directly from select LTE enabled laptops;

8 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

As Bell quickly extends its direct fibre links in urban and suburban centres, we   add individual channels to build their own packages. Like Bell’s Fibe TV
are also delivering broadband speeds to smaller towns and rural locations          service, the standalone Fibe TV app operates as a licensed broadcast service
with our innovative Wireless Home Internet fixed wireless service, which is        on the privately managed Bell Fibe broadband network for in-home viewing,
based on 5G-capable WTTP technology. With the expansion of wireless cell           and on mobile or Wi-Fi networks outside the home.
site coverage, deep fibre backhaul and advancements in technology, the cost
to provide a fixed wireless solution has become viable in rural areas where it     In 2020, we launched Virgin TV (now Virgin Plus TV), a completely new way for
is uneconomical to deploy FTTP. In 2021, we completed the buildout of our          Virgin Plus Internet members in Ontario and Québec to watch live and
Wireless Home Internet service in smaller towns and rural communities              on-demand TV shows and live sports on any screen they want. Virgin Plus TV
across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, reaching our          is an app-based service that does not require a traditional TV set-top box or
target of 1 million locations one year ahead of schedule. Already delivering       installation, and it works on virtually all devices – iOS and Android smartphones
download speeds of up to 25 Mbps, Bell increased its Wireless Home Internet        and tablets, laptops, Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV and Google
service’s Internet download speeds to up to 50 Mbps and uploads to 10 Mbps         Chromecast. The Virgin Plus TV app lets members watch two streams at once,
(50/10) in the fall of 2020, which enhanced speeds are now available to a          pause and rewind live TV, resume on-demand programs where they left off, and
majority of customers. In August 2021, an agreement with Casa Systems, Inc.        track all the top trending shows.
was announced for the upgrade of Bell’s WTTP network to 5G to further boost        In 2020, Bell launched the Bell Streamer, an all-in-one 4K High Dynamic Range
speed and capacity for Wireless Home Internet customers.                           (HDR) streaming device powered by Android TV that offers customers in
Our FTTP and FTTN broadband fibre network also enables the delivery of             Ontario and Québec all-in-one access to the Fibe TV app, support for all major
Bell’s next-generation IPTV services, namely Fibe TV, the Fibe TV app and          streaming services and access to thousands of apps on Google Play.
Virgin Plus TV. Bell’s IPTV services target areas where cable providers had
long been dominant, providing us with the opportunity to gain significant          NATIONAL WIRELINE SERVICE PROVIDER WITH MARKET
market share through offering a comprehensive multi-product bundle of              LEADERSHIP POSITION
communications services to customers.
                                                                                   Our leadership position in broadband Internet and TV and our broad suite of
Bell’s Fibe TV service, built on a next-generation IPTV platform, offers a wide    product offerings serve as a foundation for the other products and services we
range of flexible programming options and innovative features to customers in      offer. This provides us with a significant number of established customer
Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, such as: the Fibe TV         connections to drive uptake of new products and services, either through
wireless receiver, which enables customers to enjoy the Fibe experience on         bundled offerings or on a standalone basis, and allows us to improve customer
up to five additional TVs anywhere in the home without the hassle of running       retention.
cable through the house; the Restart and Look Back features, enabling
customers to rewind and watch TV shows already in progress from the                Our business markets team maintains a leadership position, having established
beginning and up to 30 hours after they started; and the Trending feature,         relationships with a majority of Canada’s largest 100 corporations. Our team
which lists the five most-watched shows in both English and French among           continues to deliver network-centric business service solutions to large
Fibe TV customers at any given time and allows customers to switch to watch        business and public sector clients, and we introduced the following new
live or Restart from the beginning. Fibe TV further allows access to Crave,        services in 2021:
Netflix, Prime Video and YouTube directly from customer TV receivers,              • Bell announced it is working with VMware and AWS to help organizations
providing a seamless experience. The Fibe TV app brings the rich Fibe TV             across Canada plan, simplify and manage their hybrid cloud transformations.
viewing experience to laptops, smartphones, tablets, Bell Streamer, Apple TV,        The Bell Cloud Professional Services team will work with organizations to
Amazon Fire TV, Google Chromecast and a variety of Android TV devices,               assess their current structures, workloads and goals, and develop the optimal
with access to more than 500 live and on-demand channels at home or on the           cloud strategy for their business in conjunction with VMware and AWS. Bell
go, which allows customers to seamlessly transfer a channel being viewed             manages the migration to ensure a seamless and agile transition with cloud
from a mobile device to a TV, or resume what is being watched on TV on a             infrastructure and security support, all on Bell’s networks. This relationship
mobile device, and allows customers to control their TVs with their mobile           builds on Bell’s agreement with AWS, announced in 2021, to support 5G
devices. In addition, Fibe customers can download their personal video               innovation and accelerate cloud adoption across Canada. Bell was the first
recordings with the Fibe TV app to watch on iOS and Android mobile devices           Canadian communications company to offer AWS-powered 5G MEC for
without Wi-Fi network access, and customers can pause and rewind live TV             business and government customers.
on any device with the Fibe TV app. In 2021, the availability of the Fibe TV       • Bell launched the Bell Security Unified Response Environment (BSURE), a
app was extended to customers in the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba.                new service that combines Bell’s national security operations with industry-
In addition, we offer the Fibe TV app service in Ontario and Québec as a             leading security technologies from Fortinet, Inc. (Fortinet), a U.S. based
standalone app-based live TV streaming service that offers live and                  network security company, to provide Bell customers with a robust 24/7
on-demand programming. With no traditional TV set-top box required, the              managed cyber security solution.
Fibe TV app offers up to 500 live and on-demand channels on laptops,               • Bell entered into an agreement with NICE to provide advanced cloud contact
smartphones, tablets, Bell Streamer, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Google                centre services to Canadian businesses with NICE’s industry-leading contact
Chromecast and a variety of Android TV devices. The standalone Fibe TV app           centre as a service (CCaaS) platform. With this platform, Bell can help
offers access to two TV streams at a time and customers can                          Canadian businesses implement a digital-first omni-channel strategy so that
                                                                                     they can stay connected with their customers anywhere, anytime and on any
                                                                                     device.

                                                                                                                       BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 9
3 Description of our business

OUR SIGNIFICANT MEDIA ASSETS                                                              subscriptions. In October 2021, we launched a mobile-only Crave product,
                                                                                          available directly to consumers and through participating wireless carriers.
Bell Media’s range of video content enhances the execution of our strategic               STARZ remains available through participating service providers and directly
imperatives by leveraging our significant network investments, delivering                 to consumers as a separate add-on.
compelling content across all screens and platforms, and enabling us to
maximize strategic and operating synergies, including the efficiency of our             • In 2021, Noovo expanded its digital offering available on the Noovo. ca
content and advertising spend.                                                            website and via the new Noovo app, showcasing our extensive catalogue of
                                                                                          French-language programming, including from the conventional channel
Bell Media’s assets in TV, radio, OOH and digital platforms are a key                     Noovo as well as from Canal D, Canal Vie, Investigation, VRAK and Z.
competitive advantage, as described below:                                                Noovo also debuted its news service on March 29, 2021, as well as the
• We own and operate 35 conventional TV stations, including CTV, Canada’s                 Noovo.ca website, which includes all episodes of the Noovo Le Fil news
  #1 network for 20 consecutive years, #1 advertising-based video on                      show. On January 17, 2022, the noovo.info website was unveiled, which
  demand (AVOD) platform and leading digital news destination ctvnews.ca,                 offers exclusive original features dedicated entirely to news, which represents
  and the French-language Noovo network in Québec, including its popular                  the final piece to Noovo’s multi-platform news division.
  AVOD platform and recently launched digital news destination Noovo.info               • Through CTV’s all-in-one digital video platform and streaming from CTV.ca
• We own and operate 27 specialty channels, including TSN, Canada’s most-                 and the CTV app on smartphones, Smart TVs and other connected devices,
  watched sports channel, and RDS, the top French-language sports network                 audiences can get even more value from their TV subscriptions all in one
                                                                                          place, with livestreams and on-demand viewing of programming from CTV
• We own and operate four pay TV services, as well as four                                Comedy Channel, CTV Drama Channel, CTV Sci-Fi Channel, CTV Life
  direct-to-consumer streaming services, including Crave, the exclusive home              Channel, CTV2, Discovery, E! and MTV, as well as Canada’s #1 lineup from
  of HBO in Canada, TSN Direct and RDS Direct                                             CTV. The platform provides access for subscribers of CTV-branded
• We own 109 licensed radio stations in 58 markets across Canada, all                     entertainment channels to stream premium content from those channels, as
  available through the iHeartRadio app alongside an extensive catalogue of               well as CTV Throwback and CTV Movies, all at no additional cost and with
  podcasts                                                                                one simple login.
• We lead the Canadian digital media landscape in unique visitors, page                 • We continue to provide live and on-demand access to content from our
  views and total page minutes among Canadian TV media competitors                        specialty networks, BNN Bloomberg, TSN, RDS and other brands in news,
                                                                                          sports and entertainment. As discussed under 5G Innovation and Leadership
• We own Astral, one of Canada’s leading OOH advertising businesses with a
                                                                                          above, in 2021, TSN and RDS launched TSN 5G View/Vision 5G RDS, an
  network of more than 50,000 advertising faces strategically located across
                                                                                          exclusive in-app feature that leverages Bell’s 5G network to offer fans
  the country. It offers a portfolio of six innovative product lines: outdoor,
                                                                                          interactive new ways to watch sports.
  street furniture, airport, large digital format, transit and lifestyle advertising.
• We own Crave, a subscription-based video-on-demand streaming service                  Our competitive strengths also include our broad reach across Canada, our
  providing premium content and a robust lineup of video programming.                   ability to deliver top programming for conventional, specialty and pay TV and
  Crave features a broad catalogue of sought-after content and Emmy                     streaming services, our constant drive to provide the most engaging and
  Award-winning programming. With Crave, HBO, HBO Max originals and                     interactive experience for viewers, and our ability to serve the needs of
  SHOWTIME programming, as well as box-office hits, are available directly              advertisers across multiple platforms.
  to all Canadians with access to the Internet. Crave, also a bilingual service,        Refer to section 2.3, Deliver the most compelling content of the BCE 2021 MD&A,
  offers English and French-language content through participating TV                   on pages 52 and 53 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report, for a description of certain
  providers and streaming platforms. Bell Media’s Super Écran is also                   agreements entered into and initiatives launched in 2021 by Bell Media.
  available OTT as part of all Crave




3.4         Marketing and distribution channels
BELL WIRELESS AND BELL WIRELINE                                                         We focus our marketing efforts on a coordinated program of TV, print, radio,
                                                                                        Internet, outdoor signage, direct mail and point-of-sale media promotions. We
The guiding principle driving our marketing strategy is to offer our clients the        engage in mass market advertising in order to maintain our brand and support
ultimate in reliable, simple and accessible telecommunications services. In             direct and indirect distribution channels. Coordinated marketing efforts
doing so, our objective is to increase customer acquisition, retention and              throughout our service area ensure that our marketing message is presented
loyalty through multiple service offerings.                                             consistently across all our markets. Promoting the Bell brand is complemented
Through the bundling of services, which combines wireline local voice and               by our other brand marketing efforts, reinforcing awareness of all our services
long distance, high-speed Internet, TV and smart home, as well as wireless              and capitalizing on the size and breadth of our customer base across all
services, our goal is to use a multi-product offering to achieve competitive            product lines.
differentiation by offering a premium, integrated set of services that provides         The Bell brands play a key role in product positioning. Our branding is
customers with more freedom, flexibility and choice. We also make use of                straightforward and directly supports our strategy of delivering a better
limited-time promotional offers featuring discounted rate plans, special rates          customer experience at every level. In July 2021, Virgin Mobile Canada
on wireless handsets and TV receivers, as well as other incentives, to                  officially rebranded to Virgin Plus, a new name and a new identity that reflects
stimulate new customer acquisition and retain existing customers or to                  the company’s evolving service offerings beyond mobility.
respond to competitive actions in our markets.

10 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

Specifically for Bell Wireless, acquiring and retaining subscribers is a key      combining products and services, including professional services, into fully
marketing objective that we seek to achieve through our networks and suite of     managed, end-to-end information and technology solutions, we have been
leading-edge devices and services to drive higher usage and increased             successful in providing both medium-sized business and large enterprise
adoption of data services. Since June 2019, we offer unlimited plans featuring    customers with complex communications products and services. We continue
unlimited data access with no overage charges. In July 2019, we also              to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace by enhancing our customer service
introduced SmartPay device financing plans that let Bell Mobility customers       levels and offering solutions designed to provide superior service, performance,
buy their new smartphones with 24 interest-free installments separate from        availability and security. We deliver expertise in key solution areas, including
their service plan. In May 2020, we similarly introduced Sweet Pay device         Internet, private networks and broadcasts, voice and unified communications,
financing plans for Virgin Plus customers. In addition, we offer Connect          customer contact centre and security solutions.
Everything plans that provide a way to link all of a customer’s Bell devices
with a pool of data to share across smartphones, tablets, smartwatches and        Our wholesale business communications products and services are delivered
other devices, such as wireless trackers, security cameras and vehicles with      by our wholesale team. They are sold through our dedicated sales
Bell Connected Car. In January 2022, we introduced new mobile unlimited           representatives, web portals and call centres.
Ultimate plans to make the most of 5G with more data at max speeds,               Restrictive measures taken by Canadian governments starting in March 2020
international messaging, HD video quality and hotspot capability. We also         to combat the COVID-19 pandemic have included the temporary closure of
continue to offer discounts on the price of wireless handsets in exchange for a   non-essential businesses, including most locations in our retail distribution
contractual commitment from a subscriber, a practice also used by other           channels. While the subsequent easing of certain of these measures allowed
Canadian wireless operators. Research has shown that a key driver of              the reopening of our retail distribution channels, resurgences in new COVID-19
customer acquisition is handset selection and style. Our current wireless         cases have caused governments to strengthen or reintroduce restrictive
device portfolio includes many leading-edge devices, some launched as             measures, which were eventually eased again. However, traffic to our retail
exclusive to Bell in the Canadian market. As the Canadian wireless market         locations did not reach pre-pandemic levels. In response to the COVID-19
further matures and competition intensifies, customer retention is increasingly   pandemic, we enhanced online and phone sales and support, equipped 12,000
important. Accordingly, we employ customer retention initiatives aimed at         call centre agents to work from home, retrained thousands of team members as
increasing our customers’ level of satisfaction and loyalty.                      service agents and introduced innovative remote installation practices. We also
We deliver our products and services to residential wireless and wireline         encouraged customers to take advantage of MyBell online and mobile self-
customers through:                                                                serve options and launched enhanced online and appointment-based sales
                                                                                  options. The sales team further moved to virtual meetings for business
• approximately 1,100 Bell, Virgin Plus, Lucky Mobile and The Source retail       customers and handled sales remotely to minimize or eliminate, as applicable,
  locations                                                                       contact with customers in accordance with government guidelines.
• national retailers such as Best Buy, Walmart, Loblaws and Glentel’s
  WIRELESSWAVE, Tbooth wireless and WIRELESS etc., as well as a                   BELL MEDIA
  network of regional and independent retailers in all regions
                                                                                  Bell Media’s TV and OOH advertising customer base is comprised primarily of
• call centre representatives                                                     large advertising agencies, which place advertisements with Bell Media on
• our websites, including bell.ca, virginplus.ca, luckymobile.ca and              behalf of their customers. Bell Media also has contracts with a variety of
  thesource.ca                                                                    broadcasting distribution undertakings (BDUs), under which monthly
                                                                                  subscription fees for specialty TV, pay TV and streaming services are earned.
• door-to-door sales representatives                                              Bell Media’s radio broadcast customer base is comprised of both advertising
We also offer customers the convenience of One Bill for Internet, TV, home        agencies and businesses in local markets.
phone, wireless and smart home services.                                          Bell Media’s conventional TV networks are delivered to Canadians through
For small business customers, our residential and small business team offers      over-the-air broadcast transmission and through distribution by BDUs. Bell
a wide range of wireline services, including Business Fibe Internet, Bell Total   Media’s specialty TV, pay TV channels and streaming services are delivered
Connect, Business Phone and TV, along with many other communications              through distribution arrangements with BDUs, and its radio programming is
solutions, all designed for companies that typically have fewer than 20           distributed through over-the-air transmission. In addition to these primary
employees. Small business solutions are sold through dedicated call centre        distribution channels, Bell Media also distributes its video and radio
representatives and our bell.ca website, as well as our retail network and        programming through a variety of non-traditional means, such as mobile and
door-to-door sales representatives. Our wireless products and services are        Internet streaming (iHeartRadio). Crave is available through participating TV
delivered to small business customers through the same channels as those          providers across Canada, which provide the added opportunity to access the
previously described for services to residential customers.                       Crave linear channels on traditional set-top boxes, as well as via on demand
                                                                                  channels, through the Crave app and online at Crave.ca. Crave is also
Communications solutions for medium-sized business and large enterprise           available directly via the Internet at Crave.ca and via the Crave app. Crave can
customers, including since 2021 our wireless services, are delivered by our       be streamed on the web and partner platforms such as iOS and Android mobile
business markets team, and our products and services are sold through             devices, Apple TV, Android TV, Amazon Fire TV, Bell Streamer, Chromecast,
dedicated sales representatives, call centres, certified resellers and            Roku, Smart TVs, Sony PlayStation and Xbox One. Finally, Bell Media’s OOH
competitive bids. Prior to 2021, our wireless products and services were          business delivers its services through an inventory of OOH faces and street
delivered to these business customers through the same channels as those          furniture equipment in key urban cities across the country.
previously described for services to residential customers and were also
served by our nationwide sales team responsible for the sale of wireless
products and services to business customers, as well as the execution of
sales contracts. By

                                                                                                                     BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 11
3 Description of our business


3.5        Transformation of our networks, systems and processes
We are transforming our networks, systems and processes with three main           automation and elastic capacity, enabling 5G, IoT, enhanced Internet,
objectives: (a) to become more agile in our service delivery and operations,      communication and video services, as well as the next generation of enterprise
including self-serve and instant-on capabilities for our customers; (b) to        cloud applications, which all depend heavily on these capabilities. In 2021, we
ensure best quality and best customer experience; and (c) to develop a new        announced partnership agreements with AWS and Google Cloud with the
network infrastructure that enables a competitive cost structure with rapidly     objective of accelerating our transformation to a hybrid cloud environment.
growing capacity needs, and enabling new revenue opportunities. We are            These various transformation initiatives have produced tangible business
leveraging new technologies, such as software-defined networks, big data          benefits in multiple technology domains, resulting in increased agility in
and artificial intelligence/machine learning, and cloud technologies, focusing    development and operations while reducing costs.
primarily on automating our processes. These technologies offer
unprecedented levels of flexibility,




3.6        Networks
The telecommunications industry is evolving rapidly as it continues to move       4G LTE NETWORK
from multiple service-specific networks to Internet protocol (IP)-based
integrated communications networks that can carry voice, data and video           With Bell’s 4G LTE wireless network coverage, customers have data access
traffic. We continue to work with key vendor partners to expand our national      speeds similar to those of broadband connections and significantly faster than
multi-service IP-enabled networks.                                                our HSPA+ network, making it easier for users to download applications,
                                                                                  stream high-definition videos and music, play online games or videoconference
Our communications networks provide wireless and wireline voice, data and         and chat with virtually no delays or buffering. The HSPA+ and LTE networks
video services to customers across Canada. Our infrastructure includes:           work together such that all Bell LTE devices support both networks.
• national transport networks for voice, data and video traffic, including        Our LTE wireless network reached more than 99% of the Canadian population
  Internet traffic                                                                coast-to-coast at December 31, 2021 with theoretical peak download speeds of
• urban and rural access networks and infrastructure for delivering services      up to 150 Mbps, with expected average download speeds of 18 to 40 Mbps.
  to customers                                                                    LTE currently accounts for over 95% of our total wireless data traffic.
• national wireless networks that provide voice, data and video services          On April 30, 2019, Bell completed the previously announced shutdown of its
                                                                                  legacy 3G code division multiple access (CDMA) network, and customers in
WIRELESS                                                                          CDMA coverage areas were transitioned to Bell’s 4G LTE network. The
                                                                                  shutdown of Bell’s CDMA network enabled Bell to “re-farm” additional low-band
To provide wireless connectivity, we have deployed and operate a number of        spectrum for 5G services and to repurpose existing structures, fibre
nationwide wireless broadband networks compatible with global standards           connections and power systems to further enhance its next-generation LTE
that deliver high-quality and reliable voice and high-speed data services. With   networks.
our high-speed data network, we are able to offer Canadian consumers a
broad range of choice in wireless smartphones, as well as touch screen            LTE-A NETWORK
tablets, IoT devices and other devices designed for data services such as
video and audio streaming, IoT communications, e-mail, messaging, Internet        With Dual-band LTE-A technology, Bell generally delivers theoretical peak
access and social networking.                                                     download speeds of up to 260 Mbps (expected average download speeds of 18
                                                                                  to 74 Mbps). By assigning three radio channels or carriers to one user, we
HSPA+ NETWORK                                                                     generally deliver, with Tri-band LTE-A technology, theoretical mobile data peak
                                                                                  download speeds of up to 335 Mbps (expected average download speeds of 25
Our wireless HSPA+ network offered high-speed mobile access to 99% of the         to 100 Mbps). With the addition of MIMO technologies and quadrature
Canadian population at December 31, 2021, covering thousands of cities and        amplitude modulation (QAM), we can deliver in certain areas theoretical peak
towns in both urban and rural locations. The HSPA+ network supports global        download speeds of up to 800 Mbps with Dual-band LTE-A technology and 1.2
roaming, as well as a wide range of smartphones, data cards, universal serial     Gbps with Tri-band LTE-A technology.
bus (USB) sticks, tablets and other leading-edge mobile devices. Bell
supports international roaming to over 230 outbound destinations (208 of          Bell’s LTE network is also capable of delivering Quad-band LTE-A service.
them also supporting 4G LTE). The vast majority of the site connectivity for      Quad-band technology leverages four bands of wireless spectrum to boost
the HSPA+ network was built with high-speed fibre and an all-IP architecture      LTE-A speeds to the gigabit level. In addition to employing a combination of
for enhanced reliability.                                                         carrier aggregation, Bell also uses 256 QAM and 4X4 MIMO technologies to
                                                                                  increase spectrum efficiency and multiply capacity. In 2018, Bell rolled out its
                                                                                  enhanced Gigabit LTE-A network to core locations in Toronto and Kingston, and
                                                                                  has since expanded to more areas as smartphones that support these
                                                                                  advanced speeds have come to market. Gigabit LTE-A is available in select
                                                                                  cities across Canada. Quad-band LTE-A now offers theoretical mobile data
                                                                                  peak download speeds of up to 1.5 Gbps in markets across Canada (expected
                                                                                  average download speeds of 25 to 325 Mbps).

12 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

At December 31, 2021, Bell’s LTE-A network provided service to                     To improve reliability and increase network capacity to support the rapidly
approximately 96% of the population in Canada. In addition, our Quad-band          growing volumes of wireless and Internet usage carried on our networks, for
LTE-A service had expanded to over 60% of Canadians at December 31,                several years we had been upgrading all of our fibre-based national backbone
2021.                                                                              network with the deployment of 100 gigabit technologies. To satisfy continued
                                                                                   traffic growth, in 2018 Bell started the next phase of the national backbone
LTE-M NETWORK                                                                      network upgrade with the deployment of 200 gigabit dense wavelength division
In 2018, Bell launched a new LTE-M network, which is a subset of our LTE           multiplexing (DWDM) technologies. In April 2021, Bell announced commercial
network supporting low-power IoT applications with enhanced coverage,              400 gigabit wavelength service deployed across major spans of Bell’s fibre
longer device battery life and lower costs for IoT devices connecting to Bell’s    infrastructure to deliver significantly increased connectivity speed and capacity
national network. In 2019, Bell announced an expanded reciprocal roaming           while optimizing network performance and energy efficiency. 400 gigabit
partnership with AT&T Inc. (AT&T) to provide Canadian business customers           technology increases fibre capacity using less network hardware and more
with access to AT&T’s LTE-M network across the United States. The                  automation to deliver four times the data speed and 50% more capacity per
reciprocal agreement also enables AT&T’s customers to roam on Bell’s               wavelength.
national LTE-M network in Canada. Our LTE-M network is available in most           Key traffic routes span more than 25,000 kilometres across Canada and into
Canadian provinces.                                                                the United States.
5G NETWORK                                                                         On November 16, 2021, Bell and Nokia announced the first successful test of
In June 2020, Bell launched its 5G wireless network, offering enhanced             25G PON fibre broadband technology in North America, which validates that
mobile data speeds and the latest 5G-capable smartphones. The high                 current GPON and XGS-PON broadband technology and future 25G PON can
capacity and near instant connections offered by mobile 5G will support a          work seamlessly together on the same fibre hardware, which is being deployed
virtually unlimited range of new consumer and business applications in             throughout the network. 25G PON delivers significant symmetrical bandwidth
coming years, including virtual and augmented reality, artificial intelligence     capacity that will support new use cases such as premium service and 5G
and machine learning, immersive entertainment services, connected vehicles,        transport.
smart cities and enhanced rural access, and unprecedented IoT opportunities        HIGH-SPEED FIBRE DEPLOYMENT
for business and government enterprises. In 2021, Bell acquired significant
additional mid-band, flexible-use 3500 MHz wireless spectrum in the auction        Our strategic imperative to build the best networks is focused on the expansion
by ISED. Essential to Canada’s ongoing transition to 5G communications,            of our all-fibre network to more homes and business locations. Over the past
these high-capacity airwaves extend Bell’s leadership in delivering enhanced       few years, we have upgraded our access infrastructure by deploying fibre
5G digital experiences to Canadian consumers and businesses in urban, rural        closer to our customers using FTTN with pair bonding technology, and
and remote communities. In addition, Bell expanded its 5G network to new           overlaying legacy copper and FTTN with FTTP. In addition, Bell continues to
markets across Québec, Ontario, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba. Bell’s        deploy FTTP to all new urban and suburban housing developments in Ontario,
5G network covered over 70% of Canada’s population at December 31, 2021,           Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, in addition to Bell’s ongoing
a significant increase from the 26% of the Canadian population covered at the      deployment of FTTP to multi-dwelling units and business locations. In our view,
end of 2020, attributable to our capital expenditure acceleration program          FTTP, in which optical fibre cables are used to connect each and every location,
announced on February 4, 2021 and further enhanced on May 31, 2021.                is the best available network architecture to support future bandwidth-
                                                                                   demanding IP services and applications. Our residential fibre-optic Internet
WIRELINE                                                                           service, marketed as Fibe Internet and Virgin Plus Internet, is enabled by our
                                                                                   FTTP and FTTN networks, offering total download access speeds of up to 1.5
VOICE AND DATA NETWORK                                                             Gbps with FTTP through our Gigabit Fibe 1.5 service, or download speeds of
Our national voice and data network consists of an optical fibre network with      up to 100 Mbps with FTTN.
the latest technologies to provide redundancy and fault protection. It reaches
all major Canadian metropolitan centres, as well as New York, Chicago,             In addition to the significant deployments of FTTP direct fibre connections
Boston, Buffalo, Detroit, Minneapolis, Ashburn (Virginia) and Seattle in the       announced in prior years which continued throughout the Greater Toronto
United States.                                                                     Area/905 region surrounding Toronto and on the island of Montréal, we have
                                                                                   announced a number of new direct fibre expansions in the past few years, in
Our network in major Canadian cities provides state-of-the-art high-speed          line with our strategic imperative to build the best networks. In January 2020,
access at gigabit speeds based on IP technology. We operate a national IP          we announced an investment of approximately $400 million to expand
multi-protocol label switching network with international gateways to the rest     broadband Internet access in urban and rural areas of Hamilton, including a
of the world. This network delivers next-generation, business-grade IP virtual     plan to bring direct fibre network connections to more than 200,000 homes and
private network (IP VPN) services that connect our customers’ offices              business locations throughout the city. In March 2020, we announced an
throughout Canada and around the world. The IP VPN service is the                  investment of approximately $400 million to bring FTTP technology to
foundation platform required for the delivery of business service solutions that   Winnipeg, with direct fibre connections to approximately 275,000 homes and
add value and efficiencies to customers’ businesses. These technology              businesses throughout the city.
solutions include voice over IP/IP telephony, IP videoconferencing, IP call
centre applications and other future IP-based applications. In addition, we
maintain extensive copper and voice-switching networks that provide
traditional local and interexchange voice and data services to all business and
residential customers in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and
Manitoba.

                                                                                                                      BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 13
3 Description of our business

In addition to several direct fibre deployment projects announced in a number       WTTP
of smaller communities over the past few years, on March 22, 2021, Bell
announced that it will roll out high-speed Internet service to several unserved     Following successful WTTP trials in the 3.5 GHz band using 8T8R and MIMO
areas of Québec in partnership with the governments of Canada and Québec            radio technologies, Bell began the buildout of WTTP to rural locations in Ontario
as part of their “Operation High Speed” initiative to connect all Québecers by      and Québec in the second quarter of 2018. Bell’s WTTP footprint enables its
September 2022. The Bell project will provide 100% fibre Internet connections       Wireless Home Internet broadband service and complements its FTTP network.
to approximately 31,000 homes and businesses in nearly 100 Québec                   In April 2020, as part of its response to the COVID-19 crisis, Bell announced
communities. In 2021, Bell subsidiary Northwestel Inc. also began offering          the acceleration of its Wireless Home Internet rollout in rural Canada to
all-fibre service to customers in Dawson City, Watson Lake and Upper Liard in       approximately 137,000 additional homes by the end of April 2020. In addition,
Yukon as part of a three-year initiative to provide high-speed Internet to          Bell expanded its Wireless Home Internet rollout to rural communities
10,000 homes and businesses across Yukon and the Northwest Territories.             throughout the Atlantic provinces starting in the fall of 2020. In June 2021, Bell
This follows the rollout of all-fibre connections to Hay River and Inuvik in the    launched its Wireless Home Internet service in Manitoba with rollouts to eligible
Northwest Territories in 2020 and 2021.                                             locations in 12 communities.
Bell further announced multiple projects in the summer and fall of 2021 to          In 2021, Bell completed the buildout of its Wireless Home Internet service in
bring pure fibre Internet service to additional homes and businesses in             smaller towns and rural communities across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic
Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba. These projects form           provinces and Manitoba, reaching its target of 1 million locations one year
part of Bell’s accelerated capital expenditures in national next-generation         ahead of schedule. The accelerated rollout of its Wireless Home Internet
network infrastructure announced on February 4, 2021 and further enhanced           service forms part of Bell’s accelerated capital expenditures in national next-
on May 31, 2021.                                                                    generation network infrastructure announced on February 4, 2021 and further
As at December 31, 2021, approximately 6.2 million homes and businesses             enhanced on May 31, 2021.
across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba had the                 WTTP is 5G-capable fixed wireless technology delivered over Bell’s wireless
capability of receiving up to 1.5 Gigabit Fibe service. In addition, our            network using 3500 MHz spectrum to deliver high-speed Internet service to
combined FTTP and FTTN broadband fibre network covered approximately                residents in smaller and underserved communities. Already delivering
10 million premises in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba.        download speeds of up to 25 Mbps, Bell increased its Wireless Home Internet
In addition to our Fibe Internet service, we offer Internet under the Virgin Plus   service’s Internet download speeds to up to 50 Mbps and uploads to 10 Mbps
brand for customers in Ontario and Québec. This high-speed Internet service         (50/10) in the fall of 2020, which enhanced speeds are now available to a
offers existing Virgin Plus customers download speeds of up to 100 Mbps and         majority of customers. Innovation in WTTP complements Bell’s extensive
upload speeds of up to 10 Mbps.                                                     broadband fibre buildout in urban markets, and our deployment of WTTP in
                                                                                    rural locations underscores our focus on the full utilization of Bell’s assigned
Additionally, we continue to deploy our next-generation IPTV services in areas      wireless spectrum resources.
in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba where cable
providers had long been dominant. As of December 31, 2021, our IPTV                 DSL
services had the capacity to service approximately 9.1 million homes in major       We also offer DSL-based Internet service in areas where Fibe Internet and
cities and municipalities across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and        Wireless Home Internet are not available, with download speeds of up to 5
Manitoba.                                                                           Mbps.
                                                                                    SATELLITE TV SERVICE
                                                                                    We provide satellite TV service nationwide under the Bell TV brand using
                                                                                    satellites operated by Telesat Canada (Telesat). Pursuant to a set of
                                                                                    commercial arrangements between Bell ExpressVu Limited Partnership (Bell
                                                                                    ExpressVu) and Telesat, Bell ExpressVu currently has two satellites under
                                                                                    contract with Telesat. Telesat operates or directs the operation of these
                                                                                    satellites, which are used by Bell ExpressVu to provide its satellite TV service.

14 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business


3.7             Employees
The table below shows the number of BCE employees at December 31, 2021                                          • the collective agreement between International Brotherhood of Electrical
and 2020.                                                                                                         Workers (IBEW) and Northwestel Inc. covering approximately 315 craft and
                                                                                                                  clerical employees expired on December 31, 2021. A new collective
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES AT DECEMBER 31                                                2021               2020
                                                                                                                  agreement was ratified on December 10, 2021.
Bell Wireless                                                                   8,415             8,926
Bell Wireline                                                                 35,691             35,559         The following collective agreements covering 250 or more employees will
                                                                                                                expire in 2022:
Bell Media                                                                      5,675             6,219
Total (1)                                                                     49,781             50,704
                                                                                                                • the collective agreement between Unifor and BTS (Ontario, Craft) covering
                                                                                                                  approximately 2,990 craft employees will expire on May 6, 2022.
(1) The total number of BCE employees at the end of 2021 was 49,781, down from 50,704 at December 31,             Negotiations are ongoing.
    2020 due to natural attrition, retirements and workforce reductions, partly offset by call centre hiring.
                                                                                                                • the collective agreement between Unifor and BTS (Quebec, Craft) covering
Approximately 39% of BCE employees were represented by unions and were                                            approximately 1,815 craft employees will expire on May 6, 2022.
covered by collective agreements at December 31, 2021.                                                          • the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Media (CTV Toronto
                                                                                                                  Specialties) covering approximately 575 employees will expire on May 31,
The following collective agreements covering 250 or more employees were
                                                                                                                  2022.
ratified in 2021 or early 2022:
                                                                                                                • the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell MTS covering
• the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Canada (Craft) covering                                        approximately 535 clerical employees will expire on December 19, 2022.
  approximately 2,950 craft employees expired on November 30, 2020. A
  new collective agreement was ratified on August 13, 2021.                                                     The following describes the status of collective agreements covering 250 or
• the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Media (CTV Agincourt)                                        more employees that have already expired:
  covering approximately 465 employees expired on December 31, 2020. A                                          • the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Canada (Clerical) covering
  new collective agreement was ratified on July 21, 2021.                                                         approximately 4,175 clerical employees expired on November 30, 2021.
• the collective agreement between International Brotherhood of Electrical                                        Negotiations are ongoing.
  Workers (IBEW) and Bell MTS covering approximately 420 craft employees                                        • the collective agreement between Unifor and Bell Canada (Atlantic, Craft and
  expired on January 31, 2021. A new collective agreement was ratified on                                         Clerical) covering approximately 1,575 craft and clerical employees expired
  March 19, 2021.                                                                                                 on December 31, 2021. Negotiations are ongoing.
                                                                                                                • the collective agreement between TEAM and Bell MTS covering
                                                                                                                  approximately 600 employees expired on February 19, 2022. Negotiations
                                                                                                                  are ongoing.



3.8             Corporate responsibility
GENERAL                                                                                                         • Journalistic Independence Policy
ESG practices form an integral part of BCE’s corporate responsibility                                           • Mandatory Reporting of Internet Child Pornography
approach. Since our founding in 1880, Bell has been enabling Canadians to                                       • Health & Safety Policy
connect with each other and the world around them. Our approach to
corporate responsibility is to manage the company in ways that support the                                      • Employee Privacy Policy
social and economic prosperity of our communities while safeguarding the                                        • Mental Health Policy Statement
environment, with a commitment to the highest ESG standards.
                                                                                                                • Workplace Violence and Harassment Prevention Policy
BCE has implemented a range of ESG policies that are supported by various                                       • Community Investment Policy
programs and initiatives. These policies address issues of importance to our
many stakeholders, including: preventing conflicts of interest; protecting                                      We report annually on our corporate responsibility performance and our ESG
company assets; safeguarding privacy and confidentiality; treating clients,                                     practices in our Corporate Responsibility Report, available at BCE.ca. The
business partners, team members and competitors with respect and honesty;                                       report, together with the information and documents available in the
fostering a diverse and safe workplace; and protecting the environment.                                         Responsibility section of BCE’s website, presents Bell’s corporate responsibility
                                                                                                                performance. We report on the ESG topics that are of greatest importance to
These BCE policies include, among others, the following:                                                        our stakeholders and which could have a relevant impact on our business.
• Code of Business Conduct                                                                                      These include diversity, equity and inclusion, employees’ wellbeing and mental
                                                                                                                health in the workplace and the community through our Bell Let’s Talk mental
• Data Governance Policy
                                                                                                                health initiative, climate change, circular economy, and data governance and
• Information Security Policy                                                                                   information security. In our Corporate Responsibility Report, we describe how
• Privacy Policy                                                                                                we manage these topics and we also report on our performance against targets
                                                                                                                we have set for ourselves. It has been prepared in accordance with the Global
• Environmental Policy                                                                                          Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards-Core option and adheres to the principles
• Supplier Code of Conduct                                                                                      of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC). It describes actions we have
                                                                                                                taken to implement these guidelines and principles, and serves as our
• Procurement Policy                                                                                            Communication on Progress (COP), as required for all companies that endorse
• Political Contributions Policy                                                                                the UNGC. In addition, we report

                                                                                                                                                     BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 15
3 Description of our business

on select Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) indicators,            One of our key tools is our Corporate Environmental Action Plan, which outlines
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and World Economic Forum (WEF)               the environmental activities of our various business units. The plan identifies
standard indicators. Furthermore, BCE supports and reports based on the           funding requirements, accountabilities and deliverables, and monitors our
recommendations of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-         progress in meeting our objectives.
related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2021, we spent $13.7 million as expenses
Additional information regarding our corporate governance and risk                and $14.9 million as capital expenditures for environmental activities. For 2022,
management practices, as well as our corporate responsibility strategy,           we have budgeted $15.3 million of expenses and $17.5 million of capital
including our contribution to community, society, economy, team members           expenditures to seek to ensure that our Environmental Policy is applied
and the environment, can be found in section 1.5, Corporate governance and        properly and that our environmental risks are minimized.
risk management and section 1.6, Environmental, social and governance
practices of the BCE 2021 MD&A, on pages 45 to 50 of the BCE 2021 Annual          Additional information regarding our environmental protection activities can be
Report.                                                                           found in section 1.6, Environmental, social and governance practices of the
                                                                                  BCE 2021 MD&A, on pages 45 to 50 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report.
ENVIRONMENT                                                                       SUMMARY OF TCFD DISCLOSURES ON CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS
Environmental protection is core to our corporate responsibility approach. Our    AND OPPORTUNITIES
Environmental Policy, which is reviewed annually, contains principles that        ALIGNMENT WITH RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE TCFD
support our goals, ranging from exercising due diligence to meet or exceed        BCE recognizes that maintaining transparency regarding the climate-related
the environmental legislation that applies to us, to preventing pollution and     risks and opportunities affecting its business and disclosing its performance and
promoting cost-effective initiatives that minimize use of resources and waste.    initiatives on climate-related matters is critical to our stakeholders, and enables
We have instructed subsidiaries subject to this policy to support these           our investors to better understand the impacts of climate change on our
principles, and have established an executive-level committee to oversee the      business. As a result, we report annually on our support for the
implementation of the policy.                                                     recommendations from the TCFD in our TCFD Report on Climate-Related
We monitor our operations to seek to ensure that we comply with                   Risks and Opportunities, available at BCE.ca. This summary illustrates our
environmental requirements and standards, and take action seeking to              alignment with the eleven TCFD recommendations.
prevent and correct problems when needed. We have an environmental
                                                                                  GOVERNANCE
management system in place that:
• seeks to provide early warning of potential problems                            The BCE Board has established clear oversight of the assessment and
                                                                                  management of climate-related risks and opportunities, with primary
• identifies management accountability                                            accountability at the committee level. In particular:
• enables systematic environmental risks and opportunities management,            • Risk and Pension Fund Committee (RPFC): Environmental risks and
  including cost savings                                                            business continuity risks, including those related to climate change, and
• establishes a course of action                                                    trends are under the RPFC’s risk oversight responsibilities
• seeks to ensure ongoing improvement through regular monitoring and              • Corporate Governance Committee (CGC): Oversight of our ESG strategy
  reporting                                                                         and annual review of our disclosure, including regarding climate change
Since 2009, Bell Canada maintains an environmental management system              • Management Resources and Compensation Committee (MRCC): Oversight
certified to the ISO 14001 standard. This certification covers Bell Canada’s        of human resources issues, including respectful workplace practices, health
oversight of the environmental management system associated with the                and safety, and tracks corporate performance against our ESG targets
development of policies and procedures for the delivery of landline, wireless,    While the BCE Board is responsible for BCE’s risk oversight program,
TV and Internet services, broadband and connectivity services, data hosting,      management has established a governance framework through the Health,
cloud computing, radio broadcasting and digital media services, along with        Safety, Security, Environment and Compliance Oversight Committee (HSSEC),
related administrative functions. In addition, in 2020, our energy management     to which the Energy Board and the Corporate Responsibility (CR) Board report,
system was certified to be ISO 50001-compliant, making us the first North         supporting the BCE Board mandate to oversee health and safety, security,
American communications company to be so designated. This certification           environmental and compliance risks, and to ensure they are addressed through
covers the corporate level administrative management activities related to Bell   efficient programs implemented within the various business units.
Canada’s energy management program associated with the activities of real
estate management services, fleet services, radio broadcasting and digital
media services, landline, wireless, TV, Internet services, connectivity,
broadband services, data hosting and cloud computing, in addition to related
general administrative functions.

16 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

                                                                                                      The following internal working groups have further been created to foster
                                                                                                      innovation, develop action plans and monitor progress: Carbon Reduction Task
                                                                                                      Force, Carbon Innovation Working Group and Climate Resiliency Task Force.
                                                                                                      Furthermore, all Executive Vice-Presidents (EVPs) have 30% of their variable
                                                                                                      pay tied to personal objectives that cover a variety of ESG topics, including for
                                                                                                      some EVPs key performance metrics related to GHG emissions reduction.

                                                                                                      STRATEGY
                                                                                                      We have identified the following main climate-related risks and opportunities
                                                                                                      that could impact BCE. Although the TCFD recommends disclosure on this
                                                                                                      matter only where such information is material, we voluntarily report without
                                                                                                      limiting our disclosure to what is material to BCE.
                                                                                                      CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS
                                                                                                      We categorize climate-related risks into transition and physical risks. Transition
                                                                                                      risks are risks associated with a transition to a lower-carbon economy, which
                                                                                                      may include extensive regulatory, technology and market changes to address
                                                                                                      mitigation and adaptation requirements related to climate change. Physical
                                                                                                      risks are associated with the physical impacts from a changing climate and can
                                                                                                      either be event-driven (acute) or longer-term shifts (chronic) in climate patterns.




                                                                                         CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS
TRANSITION                                                                                             PHYSICAL

• Carbon pricing regulations, which could increase operational costs due to rising price of energy     • Acute risks through the increased severity and frequency of extreme weather events (e.g.,
                                                                                                         flooding, ice storms, wildfires and extreme temperatures), which could increase operating
• End-of-life treatment of our technologies, which could increase operational costs due to increase      costs, impair assets and impact insurance requirements
  in e-waste treatment programs and management systems

• Market shifting supply and demand for energy, which could increase operational costs due to          • Chronic risks linked to rising mean temperatures, which could impact operating costs and
  rising price of energy                                                                                 increase capital investments required in new resilient technology and construction

• Reputation risks through public perception on accountability and managing climate-related
  issues, and climate-related disclosures and ESG rankings, which could impact demand for our
  products and services and cost of capital.



CLIMATE-RELATED OPPORTUNITIES
The effects of climate change can also create opportunities for BCE, including in the following areas:
                                                                                    CLIMATE-RELATED OPPORTUNITIES
REPUTATION                                                                                             PRODUCTS & SERVICES

• Enhanced public perception on accountability and managing climate-related issues, which              • Development and increased growth of our digital products and services, which could help
  could increase demand for our products and services                                                    customers to reduce their carbon footprint and adapt to climate change by improving
                                                                                                         business resiliency
• Climate-related disclosures and ESG rankings, as improved disclosures and rankings could lead
  to decrease in cost of capital


                                                                                                                                               BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 17
3 Description of our business

CLIMATE SCENARIO ANALYSIS                                                          Our scenario analysis included the following climate-related risks, which we
                                                                                   identified as having a potential financial impact on our business:
In 2020, we initiated our first climate scenario analysis exercise in order to
identify the potential financial impacts from relevant climate-related risks and   • Physical risks: Flooding, wildfires, ice storms and temperature
opportunities to ultimately enhance our resilience to climate-related risks and    • Transition risks: Regulation and reputation
influence our strategic planning. In 2021, we updated the climate-related
scenario analysis to reflect the latest Intergovernmental Panel on Climate         The results of the scenario analysis were provided to the HSSEC Committee, as well
Change (IPCC) conclusions. The qualitative and quantitative climate scenario       as the CGC and the RPFC, to review the potential financial impacts from climate
analysis studied a number of future emissions pathways scenarios. The              change and enable them to incorporate climate-related risks and opportunities into
analysis took into consideration low and high temperature warming scenarios        future decision-making and strategic planning.
for both physical and transition risks over a short (5-year), medium (10-year),
                                                                                   RISK MANAGEMENT
and long (20-year) term time horizon. A total of six distinct scenarios were
selected and used in our analysis.                                                 BCE’s processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks
                                                                                   are integrated into our multidisciplinary company-wide risk identification,
                                                                                   assessment and management processes.




18 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
3 Description of our business

Identification and assessment of climate-related risks: The Corporate                                                 Our vision for the future is to continually increase Bell technologies’ carbon
Responsibility and Environment (CR&E) team monitors industry trends and                                               abatement ratio (2) by developing and providing carbon-reducing products
publications, consults with subject matter experts and works collaboratively                                          and services. Therefore, we set a new target in order to further help our
with BCE’s Risk Advisory Services (RAS) team to ensure that risks are                                                 external customers and our own operations reduce carbon footprints by using
appropriately documented and profiled within the organization. Identified risks                                       our technologies: increase carbon savings enabled by the use of Bell’s
are assessed based on the potential nature, scale and scope of impact if the                                          technology.
risk were to occur, and the likelihood of occurrence, considering a                                                • Risk metrics: The Climate Resiliency Task Force has the mandate to identify
combination of the level of threat posed to the organization by the risk and the                                     new risk metrics that will allow us to monitor our performance on managing
organization’s vulnerability to a related risk event.                                                                our climate-related risks, for each business unit that is directly impacted by
Reporting of climate-related risks: Risk exposures for climate-related risks are                                     climate change.
communicated by the CR&E team internally as part of standard management                                            • Emissions targets and performance: We seek to reduce our GHG emissions,
practices with regular oversight review at HSSEC Committee meetings and                                              both within our operations as well as up and down the value chain, in order to
quarterly at the RPFC. Reporting on climate-related risk exposures is                                                manage performance against our climate-related goals and to monitor
determined based on the magnitude of potential exposure to support the                                               current and future climate-related risks. We set GHG emissions reduction
appropriate focus of effort and engagement at different levels of management                                         targets to signal the importance of doing our part for climate change, ignite
up to the BCE Board level. The RPFC has primary oversight responsibility for                                         innovation in projects that may reduce emissions and drive results to
BCE’s enterprise risk governance framework, including oversight of the risk                                          progress in the right direction.
management report presented annually to the BCE Board, which covers
BCE’s most prominent risks.                                                                                        While we continue developing and implementing action plans to achieve our
                                                                                                                   ambitious GHG targets for 2025 and beyond, we set an interim GHG intensity
Assessment of climate-related opportunities: We seek to prioritize initiatives                                     target to reduce the ratio of our operational GHG emissions (3) (tonnes of CO2
with the highest potential for carbon reduction either for the company or for                                      e) to our network usage (petabytes) (4) by 40% of our 2019 level by the end of
our customers. Opportunities are assessed based on a cost-benefit approach                                         2021 (5). We surpassed this target by 15%, with our GHG emissions per
by the Energy Board and findings are reported to the HSSEC Committee, the                                          network usage showing a 55% improvement since 2019 (6).
RFPC and the Corporate Governance Committee, and evaluated for potential
benefit to Bell.                                                                                                   We target to be carbon neutral for our operational GHG emissions beginning in
                                                                                                                   2025. We have set the following SBTs that are consistent with limiting
METRICS AND TARGETS                                                                                                temperature rise to 1.5°C (7):
BCE assesses climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy                                     • Reduce our absolute scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions 57% by 2030
and risk management processes. Although the TCFD recommends disclosure                                               from a 2020 base year
on key metrics and targets only where such information is material, we
                                                                                                                   • Reach 64% of our suppliers by spend covering purchased goods and
voluntarily report without limiting our disclosure to what is material to BCE.
                                                                                                                     services having SBTs by 2026
Our key metrics used to monitor our performance are:
                                                                                                                   • Reduce our absolute scope 3 GHG emissions from categories other than
• Opportunity metrics: Our products and services used by our external
                                                                                                                     purchased goods and services (8) 42% by 2030 from a 2020 base year
  customers and within our own operations help fight climate change and
  adapt to its impacts. To understand our net impact on the planet’s carbon                                        We report our performance against these targets in our Corporate
  load, we have developed a methodology that quantifies the carbon                                                 Responsibility Report, available at BCE.ca.
  reduction capacity of our products and services. Our analysis concluded
  that Bell technologies have enabled carbon abatement, both for our
  external customers and within our own operations, of more than 1,375
  kilotonnes of CO2 equivalent (CO2 e) in 2020. This is equal to 4.5 times our
  operational carbon footprint (1).




(1) Taking into account the products and services for which Bell has developed the technology and plays a fundamental role in its delivery to clients, as well as the products and services for which Bell has not developed the
    technology but enables it by providing the network.
(2) Our carbon abatement ratio is defined as the number of times by which GHG emissions abated through the use of Bell technologies exceed GHG emitted by Bell’s operations.
(3) Operational GHG emissions include scope 1 and scope 2 emissions. Scope 1 emissions are direct GHG emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by Bell. Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG emissions associated
    with the generation of electricity, heating/cooling or steam purchased for Bell’s own consumption.
(4) Network usage includes residential and wholesale Internet, business Internet dedicated (BID), VPN, IPTV, Inter-Network Exchange (INX), prepaid and postpaid wireless services, Wireless Home Internet, Voice-over-LTE traffic,
    IoT and enterprise usage, both in Canada and on international roaming partners’ networks.
(5) For 2019, performance is based on energy consumption and network usage data from October 1 of the previous year to September 30 of the reporting year. Starting in 2020, performance is based on energy consumption and
    network usage data from July 1 of the previous year to June 30 of the reporting year.
(6) Network usage includes residential and wholesale Internet, business Internet dedicated (BID), VPN, IPTV, Inter-Network Exchange (INX), prepaid and postpaid wireless services, Wireless Home Internet, Voice-over-LTE traffic,
    IoT and enterprise usage, both in Canada and on international roaming partners’ networks. As the methodology for gathering network usage differs from one carrier to the next, and because a company’s business model directly
    impacts the amount of GHG it emits and how those GHG emissions are calculated and classified, the ratio itself cannot be used to directly compare carrier performance. This metric excludes our Bell MTS division. For 2019,
    performance is based on energy consumption and network usage data from October 1 of the previous year to September 30 of the reporting year. Starting in 2020, performance is based on energy consumption and network
    usage data from July 1 of the previous year to June 30 of the reporting year. PwC provided limited assurance over the 2021 value and year-over-year change of this indicator.
(7) Pending approval by the SBTi. Our SBTs may need to be adjusted in the future because the SBTi requires that targets be recalculated (following the most recent applicable SBTi criteria and recommendations) at a minimum
    every five years, or more often if significant changes occur (e.g., business acquisitions/divestitures).
(8) Scope 3 categories covered by this target include GHG emissions from capital goods, fuel- and energy-related activities, upstream transportation and distribution, waste generated in operations, business travel, employee
    commuting, downstream transportation and distribution, use of sold products, end-of-life treatment of sold products, franchises and investments.

                                                                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 19
3 Description of our business


3.9        Competitive environment
A discussion of our competitive environment can be found in section 3.3,         risks of the BCE 2021 MD&A, on pages 57 to 61, 74 and 75, 79 and 80, 82, 84
Principal business risks and the various subsections entitled Competitive        and 85, and 87 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report.
landscape and industry trends and Principal business
                                                                                 See also section 3.3, Competitive strengths in this Annual Information Form for
                                                                                 more information concerning our competitive position.



3.10 Regulatory environment
A discussion of certain legislation that governs our businesses, as well as      More information about the Canadian ownership restrictions on BCE’s common
government consultations and recent regulatory initiatives and proceedings       shares can be found in section 5.1, BCE securities in this Annual Information
affecting us, can be found in section 8, Regulatory environment of the BCE       Form.
2021 MD&A, on pages 103 to 106 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report.



3.11 Intangible properties
We use various works protected by intellectual property rights (IP Assets),      In particular, the Bell brand plays a key role in product positioning. Our branding
which we own or for which we have been granted rights of use. These IP           is straightforward and directly supports our strategy of delivering a better
Assets include, without limitation: brand names; trademarks such as names,       customer experience at every level. Our trademark rights are perpetual,
designs and logos; copyrights of content, programs and musical works;            provided that their registrations are renewed on a timely basis when applicable
broadcast signals, software and applications; domain names; patents or           and that the trademarks are used in commerce by us or our licensees. Other
patent applications for inventions owned or produced by us and our               types of intangible proprietary information are also important to our operations,
employees; and various other copyright materials, trademarks, patents and        such as customer lists.
other intellectual property owned or licensed by us. We derive value through
the use of these IP Assets in various business activities, and they are          We believe that we take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect,
important to our operations and our success. To protect these IP Assets, we      renew and defend our IP Assets, including prosecuting infringers, and we take
rely on a combination of legal protections afforded under copyright,             great care not to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. However,
trademark, patent and other intellectual property laws, as well as contractual   we cannot provide any assurance that the laws protecting intellectual property
provisions under licensing arrangements.                                         in various jurisdictions are, or will continue to be, adequate to protect our IP
                                                                                 Assets or that we will be successful in preventing or defending claims by others
                                                                                 asserting rights in or to our IP Assets.

20 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
4 General development of our business – three-year history


4          General development of our business –
           three-year history
In line with our strategic imperatives, during the last three completed financial years we have entered into transactions and implemented various
business strategies and corporate initiatives that have influenced the general development of our business. During this period, our regulatory
environment has also influenced the general development of our business. The principal transactions, regulatory developments, business strategies
and corporate initiatives that have influenced the general development of our business during the last three completed financial years are discussed
below.



4.1        Transactions
KEY COMPLETED TRANSACTIONS                                                           NORMAL COURSE ISSUER BID FOR BCE FIRST
On February 24, 2022, Bell announced its acquisition of EBOX, an                     PREFERRED SHARES
independent Internet, telephone and television service provider based in             On November 5, 2020, BCE announced a normal course issuer bid (2020
Longueuil, Québec. Bell will maintain the EBOX brand and operations, and             NCIB) to purchase for cancellation up to 10% of the public float of each series
EBOX will continue providing telecommunications options for consumers and            of BCE’s outstanding First Preferred Shares (Preferred Shares) that are listed
businesses in Québec and parts of Ontario. As part of its commitment to              on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX). The 2020 NCIB extended from
provide Québec residents with fast and reliable telecommunications services          November 9, 2020 to November 8, 2021, and BCE repurchased and cancelled
now and in the future, Bell invests heavily in network infrastructure and            an aggregate of 41,400 Preferred Shares under the 2020 NCIB. On
expansion throughout urban and rural Québec. Under Bell, EBOX will benefit           November 4, 2021, BCE announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid
from the resources, scale and access to the technology needed to support the         (2021 NCIB), which will extend from November 9, 2021 to November 8, 2022,
growth of the business and continue delivering improvements to the great             or an earlier date should BCE complete its purchases under the 2021 NCIB.
services at competitive prices that have earned EBOX loyal customers over            BCE initiated the 2021 NCIB because it believes that, from time to time, the
the past 25 years. The acquisition is expected to accelerate growth in Bell’s        Preferred Shares may trade in price ranges that do not fully reflect their value.
residential and small business customers. The results of the acquired                BCE believes that, in such circumstances, the repurchase of its Preferred
business will be included in our Bell Wireline segment.                              Shares represents an appropriate use of its available funds.
On June 1, 2020, BCE announced that it had entered into a definitive                 The actual number of Preferred Shares to be repurchased under the 2021
agreement to sell 25 data centres at 13 sites, representing substantially all of     NCIB and the timing of such repurchases will be at BCE’s discretion and shall
its data centre operations, to global interconnection and data centre company        be subject to the limitations set out by the TSX. The 2021 NCIB may be
Equinix, Inc. (Equinix) in an all-cash transaction valued at $1.04 billion. In the   conducted through the facilities of the TSX as well as alternative trading
fourth quarter of 2020, we completed the sale for proceeds of $933 million,          systems in Canada, if eligible, or by such other means as may be permitted by
net of debt and other items. The transaction reinforces Bell’s strategy to focus     securities regulatory authorities. At December 31, 2021, BCE had repurchased
investment on network infrastructure, content and service innovation. As part        no Preferred Shares under the 2021 NCIB.
of the transaction, Bell Business Markets became the first Equinix Platinum
Partner in Canada.
In addition, we have concluded a number of smaller transactions, including
acquisitions, partnerships and investments, from 2019 to 2021 to support our
strategic imperatives and our purpose to advance how Canadians connect
with each other and the world.

ACQUISITION OF 3500 MHZ WIRELESS SPECTRUM
In 2021, Bell acquired significant additional mid-band, flexible-use 3500 MHz
wireless spectrum in the auction by ISED. Essential to Canada’s ongoing
transition to 5G communications, these high-capacity airwaves extend Bell’s
leadership in delivering enhanced 5G digital experiences to Canadian
consumers and businesses in urban, rural and remote communities. Bell
acquired 271 licences for 678 million MHz per Population (MHz-Pop) of 3500
MHz spectrum – critical to enabling the full potential of 5G – for $2.07 billion.
This acquisition increased Bell’s total 3500 MHz spectrum holdings to
1,690 million MHz-Pop, or 37% of this high-value spectrum available to
national wireless carriers, acquired at an average cost of $1.25 per MHz-Pop.

                                                                                                                        BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 21
4 General development of our business – three-year history



4.2        Corporate developments
Refer to the sections of the BCE 2019 MD&A and BCE 2020 MD&A,                    MD&A                 SECTION REFERENCES
contained in the BCE 2019 Annual Report and BCE 2020 Annual Report,
                                                                                 BCE 2019 MD&A        Section 1.3,   Key corporate developments
respectively, indicated in the adjacent table for a discussion of various
business strategies and corporate initiatives implemented, and other actions                          Section 1.4,   Capital markets strategy
taken, in the financial years ended December 31, 2019 and December 31,                                Section 2,     Strategic imperatives – 2019 progress
2020 that have influenced the general development of our business in 2019                                            for each strategic imperative
and 2020. Refer to the sections of the BCE 2021 MD&A, contained in the           BCE 2020 MD&A        Section 1.3,   Key corporate developments
BCE 2021 Annual Report, indicated in the adjacent table for a discussion of                           Section 1.4,   Capital markets strategy
various business strategies and corporate initiatives implemented, and other
                                                                                                      Section 2,     Strategic imperatives – 2020 progress
actions taken, in the financial year ended December 31, 2021 that have                                               for each strategic imperative
influenced the general development of our business in 2021, and the priorities
we intend to focus on in 2022.                                                   BCE 2021 MD&A        Section 1.3,   Key corporate developments
                                                                                                      Section 1.4,   Capital markets strategy
                                                                                                      Section 2,     Strategic imperatives – 2021 progress
                                                                                                                     for each strategic imperative
                                                                                                      Section 2,     Strategic imperatives – 2022 focus
                                                                                                                     for each strategic imperative




4.3        Regulatory environment
During the past three financial years, the general development of our            acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign ownership requirements
business has been affected, and will continue to be affected, by decisions       and control of copyright piracy. Refer to section 8, Regulatory environment of
made by the Government of Canada and its relevant departments and                the BCE 2019 MD&A, BCE 2020 MD&A and BCE 2021 MD&A contained in the
agencies, including the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications         BCE 2019 Annual Report, BCE 2020 Annual Report and BCE 2021 Annual
Commission (CRTC), ISED, Canadian Heritage and the Competition Bureau.           Report, respectively, for a discussion of the regulatory initiatives and
Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated, government         proceedings that influenced, in the financial years ended December 31, 2019,
agencies and departments such as those mentioned above continue to play a        2020 and 2021, and may in the future influence, the general development of
significant role in regulatory matters such as mandatory access to networks,     our business.
spectrum auctions, the imposition of consumer-related codes of conduct,
approval of

22 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
5 Our capital structure


5          Our capital structure
This section describes BCE’s and Bell Canada’s securities, the trading of certain of such securities on the TSX and the ratings that certain rating
agencies have attributed to BCE’s preferred shares and Bell Canada’s debt securities that are issued and outstanding.



5.1        BCE securities
BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended, provide for an unlimited number         The powers under the Telecom Regulations include the right to:
of common shares, an unlimited number of first preferred shares issuable in
                                                                                    • suspend the voting rights attached to shares considered to be owned or
series, an unlimited number of second preferred shares also issuable in
                                                                                      controlled by non-Canadians
series and an unlimited number of Class B shares. As at March 3, 2022, BCE
had no Class B shares or second preferred shares outstanding.                       • refuse to register a transfer of voting shares to a non-Canadian, and
Each common share entitles its holder to one vote at any meeting of                 • force a non-Canadian to sell his or her voting shares
shareholders. Additional information about the terms and conditions of the
                                                                                    However, in our case, there is an additional control restriction under the Bell
BCE preferred shares, common shares and Class B shares can be found in
                                                                                    Canada Act. Prior approval by the CRTC is necessary for any sale or other
Note 30, Share capital of the BCE 2021 consolidated financial statements, on
                                                                                    disposal of Bell Canada’s voting shares unless BCE retains at least 80% of all
pages 170 and 171 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report.
                                                                                    Bell Canada voting shares.
Since 1993, the Telecommunications Act and associated regulations (Telecom
                                                                                    Similarly, the Canadian ownership rules under the Broadcasting Act for
Regulations) have governed Canadian ownership and control of Canadian
                                                                                    broadcasting licensees, such as Bell Media and Bell Canada, generally mirror
telecommunications carriers. Bell Canada and other affiliates of BCE that are
                                                                                    the rules for Canadian-owned and -controlled common carriers under the
Canadian carriers are subject to this Act. In 2012, amendments to the
                                                                                    Telecommunications Act by restricting allowable foreign investments in voting
Telecommunications Act largely eliminated the foreign ownership restrictions
                                                                                    shares at the licensee operating company level to a maximum of 20% and at
for any carrier that, with its affiliates, has annual revenues from the provision
                                                                                    the holding company level to a maximum of 33 1⁄3%. An additional requirement
of telecommunications services in Canada that represent less than 10% of the
                                                                                    under these Canadian broadcasting ownership rules is that the chief executive
total annual revenues from the provision of these services in Canada, as
                                                                                    officer of a company that is a licensed broadcasting undertaking must be a
determined by the CRTC. However, given that Bell Canada and its affiliates
                                                                                    Canadian citizen or permanent resident of Canada. The CRTC is precluded
exceed this 10% threshold, they remain subject to the pre-existing Canadian
                                                                                    under a direction issued under the Broadcasting Act from issuing, amending or
ownership and control restrictions, which are detailed below.
                                                                                    renewing a broadcasting licence of an applicant that does not satisfy these
Under the Telecommunications Act, in order for a corporation to operate as a        Canadian ownership and control criteria.
Canadian common carrier, the following conditions have to be met:
                                                                                    Cultural concerns over increased foreign control of broadcasting activities also
• Canadians own at least 80% of its voting shares                                   require broadcasting licensees to establish programming committees when
                                                                                    foreign investment in their holding company, while within permissible limits,
• at least 80% of the members of the carrier company’s board of directors are
                                                                                    exceeds 20%. In line with CRTC practice, programming committees have been
  Canadian
                                                                                    established within the relevant subsidiary licensees, thereby allowing foreign
• the carrier company is not controlled by non-Canadians                            investment in voting shares of BCE to reach the maximum of 33 1⁄3%.
In addition, where a parent company (Carrier holding company) owns at least         We monitor the level of non-Canadian ownership of BCE’s common shares by
66 2⁄3% of the voting shares of the carrier company, the Carrier holding            obtaining data on: (i) registered shareholders from our transfer agent and
company must have at least 66 2⁄3% of its voting shares owned by Canadians          registrar, TSX Trust Company, and (ii) beneficial shareholders from the
and must not be controlled by non-Canadians. BCE is a Carrier holding               Canadian Depository for Securities (CDS) and the Depository Trust Company
company. The Telecom Regulations give certain powers to the CRTC and to             (DTC) in the United States. We also provide periodic reports to the CRTC.
Canadian carriers and Carrier holding companies to monitor and control the
level of non-Canadian ownership of voting shares to ensure compliance with          As of March 3, 2022, BCE had no debt securities outstanding.
the Telecommunications Act. Accordingly, BCE, which controls Bell Canada            Subsequent to year end, on February 24, 2022, BCE announced its intention to
and other Canadian carriers, must satisfy the following conditions:                 redeem all of its outstanding Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred Shares,
• Canadians own at least 66 2⁄3% of its voting shares, and                          Series AO (Series AO Preferred Shares) on March 31, 2022, at a redemption
                                                                                    price of $25.00 per Series AO Preferred Share, for a total amount of
• it is not controlled by non-Canadians                                             $115 million.

                                                                                                                       BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 23
5 Our capital structure


5.2            Bell Canada debt securities
BELL CANADA LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES
As at December 31, 2021, Bell Canada had issued or assumed long-term debt securities as summarized in the table below.
                                                                                                                                                                  WEIGHTED                                              AT
                                                                                                                                                                   AVERAGE                              DECEMBER 31, 2021
DEBT SECURITIES                                                                                                                                               INTEREST RATE            MATURITY            (IN $ MILLIONS)

1997 trust indenture                                                                                                                                                 3.67%           2023-2051                   16,750
1976 trust indenture                                                                                                                                                 9.38%           2027-2054                       975
1996 trust indenture (subordinated)                                                                                                                                  8.21%           2026-2031                       275
2016 U.S. trust indenture (1)                                                                                                                                        3.26%           2024-2052                     5,188
2011 trust indenture (2)                                                                                                                                             4.00%                 2024                      225
Total                                                                                                                                                                                                            23,423

(1) As at December 31, 2021, Bell Canada had issued notes under the 2016 U.S. trust indenture for an aggregate amount of $4.1 billion in U.S. dollars, which have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations through cross
    currency interest rate swaps.
(2) As part of the acquisition of Manitoba Telecom Services Inc. (MTS), on March 17, 2017, Bell Canada assumed all of MTS’ debt issued under its 2011 trust indenture.



The Bell Canada long-term debt securities are unsecured and have been                                              Bell Canada’s first sustainability bond offering pursuant to BCE’s Sustainable
guaranteed by BCE. Additional information about the terms and conditions of                                        Financing Framework announced on April 29, 2021. Under the Framework,
the Bell Canada long-term debt securities can be found in Note 25, Long-term                                       Bell Canada will provide ongoing reporting and transparency to investors and
debt of the BCE 2021 consolidated financial statements on pages 161 and                                            other stakeholders, including annual updates on allocation and impact
162 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report.                                                                                 metrics until an amount equal to the net proceeds of a sustainable financing
                                                                                                                   are fully allocated to eligible green and/or social projects. Bell Canada
On April 19, 2021, Bell Canada redeemed, prior to maturity, all of its                                             allocated an amount equal to the proceeds from this offering to finance or
outstanding $1.7 billion principal amount of 3.00% Debentures, Series M-40,                                        re-finance, in whole or in part, eligible investments set out in the “energy
due October 3, 2022, at a price equal to $1,030.544 per $1,000 of principal                                        efficiency” green category and the “affordable basic infrastructure” social
amount of debentures plus $1.315 for accrued and unpaid interest (the M-40                                         category of the Framework.
Redemption).
                                                                                                                • On August 12, 2021, Bell Canada issued, under the 2020 Shelf Prospectus
Under its shelf prospectus dated November 16, 2020 (2020 Shelf                                                    and a prospectus supplement dated August 9, 2021, US$1.25 billion
Prospectus), Bell Canada could issue, over a 25-month period, up to $6 billion                                    (C$1.573 billion) aggregate principal amount of notes in two series. The
of unsecured debt securities. In addition, under its prospectus supplement                                        US$600 million (C$755 million) 2.150% Series US-5 Notes were issued at a
dated March 12, 2021 (2021 Prospectus Supplement), Bell Canada could                                              price of US$99.561 per US$100 principal amount, to mature on February 15,
issue, over the same period, up to $6 billion of unsecured Medium Term Notes                                      2032. The US$650 million (C$818 million) 3.200% Series US-6 Notes were
(MTN) Debentures.                                                                                                 issued at a price of US$99.961 per US$100 principal amount, to mature on
• On March 17, 2021, Bell Canada issued, under the 2020 Shelf Prospectus                                          February 15, 2052. A portion of the net proceeds of the offerings was applied
  and 2021 Prospectus Supplement, $1.55 billion aggregate principal amount                                        towards the $2.07 billion cost of 3500 megahertz spectrum licences Bell
  of MTN Debentures in two series. The $1 billion 3.00% MTN Debentures,                                           secured pursuant to the ISED spectrum auction completed in July 2021 and
  Series M-54, were issued at a price of $99.914 per $100 principal amount,                                       the balance was used for the repayment of short-term debt and general
  to mature on March 17, 2031. The $550 million 4.05% MTN Debentures,                                             corporate purposes.
  Series M-55, were issued at a price of $99.690 per $100 principal amount,                                     • On February 11, 2022, Bell Canada issued, under the 2020 Shelf Prospectus
  to mature on March 17, 2051. Also on March 17, 2021, Bell Canada issued,                                        and a prospectus supplement dated February 8, 2022, US$750 million
  under the 2020 Shelf Prospectus and a prospectus supplement dated                                               (C$954 million) principal amount of 3.65% Series US-7 Notes, at a price of
  March 12, 2021, US$1.1 billion (C$1.37 billion) aggregate principal amount                                      US$99.144 per US$100 principal amount, to mature on August 15, 2052. The
  of notes in two series. The US$600 million (C$747 million) 0.750% Series                                        net proceeds of the offering are intended to be used towards the cost of
  US-3 Notes were issued at a price of US$99.953 per US$100 principal                                             funding the redemption, prior to maturity, of all of Bell Canada’s outstanding
  amount, to mature on March 17, 2024. The US$500 million (C$623 million)                                         C$1 billion principal amount of 3.35% Series M-26 MTN debentures, due
  3.650% Series US-4 Notes were issued at a price of US$99.728 per                                                March 22, 2023. On February 14, 2022, Bell Canada announced the
  US$100 principal amount, to mature on March 17, 2051. The net proceeds                                          redemption of the Series M-26 MTN debentures, to be redeemed on
  of the offerings were used to fund the M-40 Redemption and to repay short-                                      March 16, 2022 at a price equal to $1,017.396 per $1,000 of principal amount
  term debt.                                                                                                      of debentures plus $16.062 per $1,000 of principal amount for accrued and
• On May 28, 2021, Bell Canada issued, under the 2020 Shelf Prospectus                                            unpaid interest up to but excluding the date of redemption.
  and 2021 Prospectus Supplement, $500 million of 2.20% MTN Debentures,
  Series M-56, at a price of $99.877 per $100 principal amount, to mature on
  May 29, 2028. This offering constituted

24 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
5 Our capital structure

As at March 3, 2022, Bell Canada had issued almost $6 billion principal              for Bell Canada to make an offer to repurchase all or, at the option of the holder
amount of debt securities under its 2020 Shelf Prospectus.                           thereof, any part of the debentures outstanding under the 1976 Indenture
                                                                                     pursuant to a Repurchase upon Change of Control Triggering Event; (d) reduce
Bell Canada is required, under certain conditions, to make an offer to               administrative and governance processes; and (e) provide Bell Canada with
repurchase all or, at the option of the holder thereof, any part of certain series   more flexibility with respect to raising capital to finance its business and
of its debt securities upon the occurrence of both a “Change of Control” of          operations, including enabling us to maintain Bell Canada as the sole public
BCE or Bell Canada and a “Rating Event” relating to the relevant series of           debt issuer in BCE’s corporate structure.
debt securities, as defined in the terms and conditions of the relevant series of
debt securities or in the relevant trust indenture, as applicable (the
Repurchase upon Change of Control Triggering Event). In addition, MTS’
                                                                                     BELL CANADA COMMERCIAL PAPER
2011 trust indenture assumed by Bell Canada imposes covenants that place             Bell Canada may issue short-term notes (CP Notes) under its Canadian and
limitations on the issuance of additional debt with a maturity date exceeding        U.S. commercial paper programs up to the maximum aggregate principal
one year based on certain tests related to interest and asset coverage. Bell         amount of $3.0 billion in either Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no
Canada is in compliance with all conditions and restrictions of its debt             time shall such aggregate principal amount of CP Notes exceed $3.5 billion in
securities.                                                                          Canadian currency, which equals the aggregate amount available under Bell
                                                                                     Canada’s committed supporting revolving and expansion credit facilities as of
On November 12, 2021, Bell Canada successfully completed the proxy                   March 3, 2022. The sale of CP Notes pursuant to Bell Canada’s separate
solicitation announced on October 7, 2021 with respect to proposed                   Canadian or U.S. program decreases the Canadian or U.S. $3.0 billion
amendments to its 1976 trust indenture (1976 Indenture) under which five             maximum principal amount of CP Notes authorized to be outstanding at any
series of debentures are currently outstanding. The amendments were                  time under both programs, with one Canadian dollar being treated as equal to
implemented shortly thereafter and were designed to: (a) align the 1976              one U.S. dollar for purposes of this limitation. At March 3, 2022, Bell Canada
Indenture more closely with current and generally accepted market practice in        had CP Notes outstanding under its U.S. program in the principal amount of
Canada for investment-grade senior unsecured debt, including the deletion of         US$994 million (C$1,266 million when taking into account hedges with forward
certain of the covenants of the 1976 Indenture that required Bell Canada to          currency contracts against foreign currency fluctuations). As at the same date,
meet certain financial ratio tests when issuing long-term debt; (b) conform          no CP Notes were outstanding under Bell Canada’s Canadian program.
certain terms of the 1976 Indenture more closely to Bell Canada’s more
recent Canadian 1997 trust indenture and 2016 U.S. trust indenture;
(c) include a requirement


5.3        Credit ratings
Ratings generally address the ability of a company to repay principal and pay        This section describes the credit ratings, as of March 3, 2022, for certain of the
interest or dividends on issued and outstanding securities.                          issued and outstanding securities of BCE and Bell Canada. These ratings
                                                                                     provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of an issue
Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity    of securities. However, they are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of
and debt capital markets as well as the bank credit market. Our ability to           the securities referred to below, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any
access such markets and the cost and amount of funding available depend              time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the rating
partly on our assigned credit ratings at the time capital is raised. Investment      agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do
grade ratings usually mean that when we borrow money, we qualify for lower           not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor. Each credit
interest rates than companies that have ratings below investment grade.              rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.
Credit ratings are subject to change based on a number of factors including,
but not limited to, our financial strength, competitive position, liquidity and      In the past two years, we have paid rating agencies to assign ratings to BCE’s
other factors that are not completely within our control. A ratings downgrade        preferred shares, as well as to Bell Canada’s short-term and long-term debt
could result in adverse consequences for our funding capacity or our ability to      securities. The fees paid to DBRS and S&P include access to their websites. In
access the capital markets.                                                          addition, we paid DBRS and Moody’s for services provided relating to ratings
                                                                                     assigned in connection with Bell Canada’s securitized trade receivable
As of March 3, 2022, BCE’s preferred shares are rated by DBRS Limited                programs.
(DBRS) and S&P Global Ratings Canada, a business unit of S&P Global
Canada Corp. (S&P), and Bell Canada’s debt securities are rated by DBRS,
Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (Moody’s) and S&P.

                                                                                                                         BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 25
5 Our capital structure

RATINGS FOR BCE AND BELL CANADA SECURITIES
RATINGS FOR BELL CANADA SHORT-TERM DEBT SECURITIES
SHORT-TERM DEBT SECURITIES                                                                      RATING AGENCY   RATING                                    RANK

Bell Canada commercial paper                                                                          DBRS R-2 (high)                                     4 out of 10
                                                                                                    Moody’s P-2                                           2 out of 4
                                                                                                        S&P A-1 (Low) (Canadian scale)                    3 out of 8
                                                                                                                A-2 (Global scale)                        3 out of 7


RATINGS FOR BELL CANADA LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES
LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES                                                                       RATING AGENCY   RATING                                    RANK

Bell Canada unsubordinated long-term debt securities                                                  DBRS BBB (high)                                     8 out of 26
                                                                                                    Moody’s Baa1                                          8 out of 21
                                                                                                        S&P BBB+                                          8 out of 22
Bell Canada subordinated long-term debt securities                                                    DBRS BBB (low)                                      10 out of 26
                                                                                                    Moody’s Baa2                                          9 out of 21
                                                                                                        S&P BBB                                           9 out of 22


RATINGS FOR BCE PREFERRED SHARES
PREFERRED SHARES                                                                                RATING AGENCY   RATING                                    RANK

BCE preferred shares                                                                                  DBRS Pfd-3                                          8 out of 16
                                                                                                        S&P P-2 (Low) (Canadian scale)                    6 out of 18
                                                                                                                BBB- (Global scale)                       8 out of 20



As of March 3, 2022, BCE and Bell Canada’s credit ratings have stable                     LONG-TERM DEBT SECURITIES
outlooks from DBRS, Moody’s and S&P.
                                                                                          The table below shows the range of credit ratings that each rating agency
                                                                                          assigns to long-term debt instruments and is based upon public statements
GENERAL EXPLANATION
                                                                                          from the respective rating agencies as of March 3, 2022.
SHORT-TERM DEBT SECURITIES
                                                                                                                                              HIGHEST QUALITY          LOWEST QUALITY
                                                                                                                                          OF SECURITIES RATED      OF SECURITIES RATED
The table below shows the range of credit ratings that each rating agency
assigns to short-term debt instruments and is based upon public statements                DBRS                                                         AAA                         D
from the respective rating agencies as of March 3, 2022.                                  Moody’s                                                      Aaa                         C
                                                                                          S&P                                                          AAA                         D
                                                 HIGHEST QUALITY        LOWEST QUALITY
                                             OF SECURITIES RATED    OF SECURITIES RATED

DBRS                                                   R-1 (high)                   D     The DBRS long-term debt rating scale provides an opinion on the risk of
Moody’s                                                      P-1                   NP     default; that is, the risk that an issuer will fail to satisfy its financial obligations in
S&P (Canadian scale)                                   A-1 (High)                   D     accordance with the terms under which an obligation has been issued. Ratings
S&P (Global scale)                                          A-1+                    D     are based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to the issuer
                                                                                          and the relative ranking of claims.

The DBRS short-term debt rating scale provides an opinion on the risk that a              Moody’s long-term debt ratings are assigned to issuers or obligations with an
borrower will not meet its short-term financial obligations in a timely manner.           original maturity of eleven months or more and reflect both on the likelihood of
Ratings are based on quantitative and qualitative considerations relevant to              a default or impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected
the issuer and the relative ranking of claims.                                            financial loss suffered in the event of default or impairment.

Moody’s short-term ratings are assigned to obligations with an original                   S&P’s long-term debt credit rating scale provides a forward-looking opinion of
maturity of 13 months or less and reflect both on the likelihood of a default or          the creditworthiness of a company in meeting a specific financial obligation, a
impairment on contractual financial obligations and the expected financial loss           specific class of financial obligations or a specific financial program. It takes into
suffered in the event of default or impairment.                                           consideration the likelihood of payment; that is, the capacity and willingness of
                                                                                          the company to meet its financial commitment on an obligation according to the
An S&P Canadian commercial paper rating is a forward-looking opinion about                terms of the obligation, among other factors.
the capacity of an obligor to meet financial commitments associated with a
specific commercial paper program or other short-term financial instrument,
relative to the debt servicing and repayment capacity of other obligors active
in the Canadian domestic financial markets with respect to their own financial
obligations.
An S&P Global rating is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness
of an obligor with respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of
financial obligations or a specific financial program, and about the obligor’s
capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments.

26 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
5 Our capital structure

PREFERRED SHARES                                                                             The DBRS preferred share rating scale reflects an opinion of the risk that an
                                                                                             issuer will not fulfill its obligations with respect to both dividends and principal
The table below describes the range of credit ratings that each rating agency                commitments. Every DBRS rating is based on quantitative and qualitative
assigns to preferred shares and is based upon public statements from the                     considerations relevant to the issuing entity.
respective rating agencies as of March 3, 2022.
                                                                                             S&P’s Canadian preferred share rating is a forward-looking opinion about the
                                                HIGHEST QUALITY
                                            OF SECURITIES RATED
                                                                      LOWEST QUALITY
                                                                  OF SECURITIES RATED
                                                                                             creditworthiness of an obligor in meeting a specific preferred share obligation
                                                                                             issued in the Canadian market, compared to preferred shares issued by other
DBRS                                              Pfd-1 (high)                    D          issuers in the Canadian market.
S&P (Canadian scale)                                P-1 (High)                    D
                                                                                             An S&P Global rating is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness of
S&P (Global scale)                                         AA                     D          an obligor with respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of
                                                                                             financial obligations or a specific financial program, and about the obligor’s
                                                                                             capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments.


EXPLANATION OF RATING CATEGORIES RECEIVED FOR OUR SECURITIES
The following explanations of the rating categories received for our securities have been published by the applicable rating agencies. The explanations and
corresponding rating categories provided below are subject to change by the applicable rating agencies.
RATING        DESCRIPTION           RATING                                 EXPLANATION OF
AGENCY        OF SECURITIES         CATEGORY                               RATING CATEGORY RECEIVED

DBRS          Short-term debt       R-2 (high)                             upper end of adequate credit quality

                                                                           capacity for the payment of short-term financial obligations as they fall due is acceptable

                                                                           may be vulnerable to future events

              Long-term debt        BBB (high)                             adequate credit quality

                                                                           capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered acceptable

                                                                           may be vulnerable to future events

              Long-term             BBB (low)                              adequate credit quality
              subordinated debt
                                                                           capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered acceptable

                                                                           may be vulnerable to future events

              Preferred shares      Pfd-3                                  adequate credit quality

                                                                           protection of dividends and principal is still considered acceptable, but the company is more susceptible to adverse
                                                                           changes in financial and economic conditions, and there may be other adverse conditions present which detract
                                                                           from debt protection. Generally, companies with Pfd-3 ratings correspond with companies with a BBB category or
                                                                           higher reference point

Moody’s       Short-term debt       P-2                                    a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations

              Long-term debt        Baa                                    subject to moderate credit risk

                                                                           considered medium-grade and may have certain speculative characteristics

S&P           Short-term debt       A-1 (Low) (Canadian scale)             satisfactory capacity of the company to fulfill its financial commitment on the obligation

                                    A-2 (Global scale)                     somewhat more susceptible to adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than
                                                                           obligations rated higher

              Long-term debt        BBB                                    adequate protection parameters

                                                                           adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s ability to meet its
                                                                           financial commitments

              Preferred shares      P-2 (Low) (Canadian scale)             adequate protection parameters

                                    BBB- (Global scale)                    adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s ability to meet its
                                                                           financial commitments


                                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 27
5 Our capital structure


5.4           Trading of our securities
The common and first preferred shares of BCE are listed on the TSX under the respective symbols set out in the tables below. BCE’s common shares are also listed on the
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol BCE.
The tables below and on the next page show the range in share price per month and volume traded on the TSX in 2021 for BCE’s common shares and each series of BCE’s
first preferred shares.
                                                                                          FIRST PREFERRED SHARES

                          COMMON        SERIES R     SERIES S     SERIES T     SERIES Y     SERIES Z     SERIES AA    SERIES AB    SERIES AC    SERIES AD    SERIES AE
                      SHARES (BCE)    (BCE.PR.R)   (BCE.PR.S)   (BCE.PR.T)   (BCE.PR.Y)   (BCE.PR.Z)     (BCE.PR.A)   (BCE.PR.B)   (BCE.PR.C)   (BCE.PR.D)   (BCE.PR.E)

January 2021
High                      $56.100     $15.000      $14.600      $14.620       $14.700      $15.500        $15.400     $14.610      $16.850      $14.640      $14.660
Low                       $54.180     $14.710      $13.910      $14.020       $14.020      $14.600        $14.610     $13.970      $15.750      $14.000      $13.960
Volume                49,649,784      205,104        89,235      12,456       253,722       63,245        157,038     256,945      559,051      245,486        48,410

February 2021
High                      $56.160     $15.710      $15.500      $15.830       $15.650      $15.980        $16.000     $15.450      $17.900      $15.610      $15.580
Low                       $54.200     $14.720      $14.500      $14.550       $14.800      $15.210        $15.010     $14.640      $16.500      $14.520      $14.730
Volume                70,214,621      133,096        86,660      20,550       128,559       75,236        339,186     292,767      141,237      299,300      103,110

March 2021
High                      $58.440     $17.630      $16.400      $17.050       $16.620      $17.200        $17.400     $16.410      $18.750      $16.500      $16.510
Low                       $54.630     $15.520      $15.500      $15.480       $15.510      $15.790        $15.550     $15.400      $17.560      $15.500      $15.370
Volume               151,120,204      223,283        48,294      61,748        75,360       42,248        339,789     234,021      196,016      262,847      211,843

April 2021
High                      $58.800     $17.280      $17.060      $17.280       $17.230      $17.550        $17.550     $17.230      $18.910      $17.240      $16.990
Low                       $56.610     $16.600      $15.950      $16.250       $16.200      $16.630        $16.450     $16.200      $18.300      $16.150      $16.170
Volume                48,341,703      209,299        91,656       58,811       74,523       34,546        133,512     179,119      244,351      249,851        54,150

May 2021
High                      $60.440     $17.990      $18.120      $18.140       $18.160      $18.470        $18.490     $18.160      $19.290      $18.250      $18.140
Low                       $58.100     $17.200      $17.300      $17.430       $17.200      $17.500        $17.400     $17.270      $18.640      $17.150      $17.000
Volume                63,883,803      318,156      158,072       20,657       295,010       48,324        156,569     596,608      121,316      322,928      325,995

June 2021
High                      $61.780     $18.570      $18.290      $18.510       $18.480      $18.900        $18.840     $18.390      $19.710      $18.360      $18.340
Low                       $60.050     $18.000      $18.080      $18.100       $18.060      $18.170        $18.180     $18.060      $19.270      $18.040      $18.080
Volume               118,802,757      277,083        81,175      12,152       293,464       31,833        167,503     375,957        91,957     449,014      289,381

July 2021
High                      $62.700     $19.090      $18.350      $18.500       $18.270      $18.820        $18.820     $18.300      $20.050      $18.370      $18.770
Low                       $61.040     $18.250      $18.060      $17.960       $18.030      $18.410        $18.320     $18.000      $19.560      $18.010      $18.010
Volume                45,337,273      352,301      126,528       39,975       137,234       12,730         76,585     168,996      198,290      180,905      429,158

August 2021
High                      $66.540     $18.680      $18.250      $18.250       $18.180      $18.750        $18.590     $18.190      $19.980      $18.190      $18.190
Low                       $62.370     $18.160      $18.010      $18.050       $17.950      $18.420        $18.270     $17.940      $19.540      $17.810      $17.760
Volume                47,224,022       125,117       51,473      48,070        40,250       15,688         88,588     105,678        63,311     189,913      272,984

September 2021
High                      $67.080     $18.500      $19.250      $19.390       $18.700      $18.760        $19.190     $18.600      $20.160      $18.710      $18.590
Low                       $63.150     $18.180      $17.970      $18.150       $17.920      $18.310        $18.120     $17.870      $19.600      $17.990      $17.770
Volume                97,532,021        77,964     295,781      147,970        98,346       24,732        137,413       83,493       53,761     135,686        55,191

October 2021
High                      $64.170     $20.410      $22.020      $24.190       $20.650      $21.080        $21.095     $20.890      $21.480      $20.710      $20.600
Low                       $62.710     $18.500      $19.160      $19.400       $18.690      $19.250        $19.020     $18.760      $19.870      $18.790      $18.690
Volume                36,754,862      145,403        99,312     877,679       112,511      106,825        193,859     153,732      218,514      219,202        64,088

November 2021
High                      $65.430     $20.510      $21.600      $24.450       $21.230      $21.630        $21.790     $20.990      $22.890      $20.980      $20.880
Low                       $63.050     $20.000      $20.550      $23.800       $20.300      $20.930        $20.750     $20.390      $21.480      $20.120      $20.150
Volume                49,043,069      242,748        18,300     465,763       108,361       38,173        327,783     197,794      390,842      264,857      140,796

December 2021
High                      $66.410     $20.200      $20.550      $24.440       $21.280      $21.000        $20.900     $20.670      $22.120      $20.570      $20.500
Low                       $64.120      $19.110     $19.270      $23.550       $19.870      $20.060        $19.970     $19.850      $20.370      $19.800      $19.740
Volume                98,544,412        79,850       11,811     599,148       106,691       23,416        300,501       90,969     120,556      132,061        98,677

28 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
5 Our capital structure




                                                                                       FIRST PREFERRED SHARES

                      SERIES AF    SERIES AG    SERIES AH    SERIES AI    SERIES AJ     SERIES AK      SERIES AL    SERIES AM    SERIES AN    SERIES AO    SERIES AQ
                      (BCE.PR.F)   (BCE.PR.G)   (BCE.PR.H)   (BCE.PR.I)   (BCE.PR.J)    (BCE.PR.K)     (BCE.PR.L)   (BCE.PR.M)   (BCE.PR.N)   (BCE.PR.O)   (BCE.PR.Q)

January 2021
High                  $16.100      $14.690      $14.550      $14.640      $14.510       $14.030         $13.350     $14.650      $14.300      $21.750      $20.520
Low                   $15.330      $13.950      $14.000      $14.020      $13.990       $13.130         $11.960     $13.800      $13.400      $19.600      $18.450
Volume                107,272        14,615     266,534       17,651      285,612      1,538,456         21,640     655,289       114,533       79,127     354,473

February 2021
High                  $16.910      $15.500      $15.750      $15.520      $15.500       $15.890         $15.030     $16.340      $16.170      $23.270      $21.390
Low                   $16.170      $14.460      $14.640      $14.540      $14.720       $13.930         $13.270     $14.580      $14.560      $21.500      $20.220
Volume                149,404        41,068     209,458      142,988      258,561       944,570          36,325     476,799        68,510     148,279      274,152

March 2021
High                  $18.440      $16.660      $16.500      $16.440      $16.400       $16.340         $15.840     $16.900      $16.650      $23.400      $21.830
Low                   $16.410      $15.520      $15.550      $15.280      $15.500       $15.670         $15.200     $15.940      $15.500      $22.310      $20.900
Volume                250,753      154,422      275,358       78,633      104,825       801,870           6,409     338,045      159,050      249,613      296,662

April 2021
High                  $18.880      $17.710      $17.460      $17.680      $17.270       $16.550         $16.030     $17.270      $16.250      $24.370      $23.300
Low                   $17.850      $16.230      $16.260      $16.110      $16.040       $15.890         $15.450     $16.340      $15.510      $23.220      $21.600
Volume                289,108      233,382      312,309       69,520      159,054       736,716          35,158     236,000        15,742     206,757        97,749

May 2021
High                  $19.700      $18.250      $18.200      $18.250      $18.280       $17.740         $17.210     $18.330      $17.750      $25.010      $23.950
Low                   $18.690      $17.550      $17.350      $17.340      $17.290       $16.440         $16.000     $17.240      $16.400      $24.010      $23.200
Volume                130,189      129,999        50,585      48,309      216,107       723,922          23,283     127,325        18,000       89,049     187,701

June 2021
High                  $20.040      $18.950      $18.460      $18.500      $18.430       $18.200         $17.680     $18.640      $17.970      $25.150      $24.430
Low                   $19.420      $18.140      $18.150      $18.160      $18.160       $17.600         $17.000     $18.070      $17.430      $24.470      $23.500
Volume                136,926      149,364        56,483      36,967      170,700       795,509          46,125     299,015        15,355     204,926        94,894

July 2021
High                  $19.880      $19.650      $18.360      $18.990      $18.740       $18.000         $17.500     $18.500      $17.610      $25.320      $23.990
Low                   $19.010      $18.530      $17.870      $18.080      $18.000       $17.090         $16.760     $18.050      $17.260      $24.880      $23.550
Volume                155,255      534,832      175,800      130,870      175,596       787,186           6,770     139,461        10,050       64,339       70,068

August 2021
High                  $19.930      $19.200      $18.180      $18.950      $18.170       $18.000         $17.340     $18.970      $17.500      $25.440      $24.500
Low                   $19.350      $18.570      $17.970      $18.590      $17.800       $16.940         $16.600     $18.240      $17.000      $24.660      $23.730
Volume                113,166      125,493        29,757     499,500      102,356       490,150          12,756     422,191        10,800     115,438      145,696

September 2021
High                  $19.990      $19.000      $18.730      $19.320      $18.740       $18.250         $17.850     $19.600      $18.250      $25.140      $24.420
Low                   $19.300      $18.350      $17.880      $18.780      $17.940       $17.610         $17.250     $18.660      $17.430      $24.980      $24.010
Volume                    89,744     52,813       39,551     160,585       16,746       605,317          11,892     250,567        24,650     175,035        58,370

October 2021
High                  $21.760      $21.050      $20.590      $21.050      $20.610       $19.400         $19.270     $20.000      $19.800      $25.340      $24.500
Low                   $19.900      $19.210      $18.730      $19.100      $18.610       $18.280         $17.930     $19.480      $18.210      $25.000      $24.040
Volume                    89,759     96,532       77,736     519,627      226,374       774,574          33,157     358,096        12,725       61,494       68,511

November 2021
High                  $21.780      $21.330      $20.980      $21.350      $20.950       $20.220         $19.990     $20.540      $20.000      $25.390      $24.690
Low                   $21.100      $20.610      $20.370      $20.660      $20.400       $19.270         $19.000     $19.230       $19.110     $25.070      $24.210
Volume                    58,819     59,666     126,029       48,732       29,554       767,335          12,666     356,727        43,631       85,823       77,905

December 2021
High                  $21.500      $20.840      $20.700      $20.740      $21.000       $19.620         $19.120     $20.150      $19.500      $25.470      $24.550
Low                   $20.290      $20.120      $19.700      $19.520      $19.710       $18.360         $17.900     $19.150      $18.600      $25.000      $23.640
Volume                    84,472     60,289       76,331      67,704       50,032       583,901          18,760     226,467        18,820       44,117       86,663

                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 29
6 Dividends and dividend payout policy


6                Dividends and dividend payout policy
The BCE Board reviews from time to time the adequacy of BCE’s common                                               BCE’s dividend payout policy, increases in the common share dividend and the
share dividend payout policy. BCE’s common share dividend payout policy is                                         declaration of dividends are subject to the discretion of the BCE Board and,
currently set to a target dividend payout ratio (1) of 65% to 75% of free cash                                     consequently, there can be no guarantee that BCE’s dividend payout policy will
flow (1). Our objective is to seek to achieve dividend growth while maintaining                                    be maintained, that the dividend on common shares will be increased, or that
our dividend payout ratio within the target range and balancing our strategic                                      dividends will be declared. Dividend increases and the declaration of dividends
business priorities, including continuing to invest in strategic wireline and                                      by the BCE Board are ultimately dependent on BCE’s operations and financial
wireless network infrastructure and maintaining investment-grade credit                                            results, which are in turn subject to various assumptions and risks, including
ratings. In 2021, our dividend payout ratio was 105%, which is higher than our                                     those outlined in section 1, Caution regarding forward-looking statements of
policy range due to a planned acceleration in capital expenditures and the                                         this Annual Information Form.
financial impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. BCE’s dividend payout ratio is
expected to remain above our target policy range in 2022 mainly as a result of
another planned acceleration in capital expenditures this year. For additional
information, refer to section 1.4, Capital markets strategy of the BCE 2021
MD&A, on pages 39 to 42 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report.

The table below describes the increases in BCE’s annualized common share dividend starting with the quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2019.
DATE OF ANNOUNCEMENT                                AMOUNT OF INCREASE                                                                               EFFECTIVE DATE

February 7, 2019                                    5.0% (from $3.02 per share to $3.17 per share)                                                   Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2019
February 6, 2020                                    5.0% (from $3.17 per share to $3.33 per share)                                                   Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2020
February 4, 2021                                    5.1% (from $3.33 per share to $3.50 per share)                                                   Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2021
February 3, 2022                                    5.1% (from $3.50 per share to $3.68 per share)                                                   Quarterly dividend payable on April 15, 2022


Dividends on BCE’s first preferred shares are, if declared, payable quarterly, except for dividends on Series S, Series Y, Series AB, Series AD, Series AE, Series
AH and Series AJ first preferred shares, which, if declared, are payable monthly.
The table below shows the amount of cash dividends declared per BCE common share and per Series R, Series S, Series T, Series Y, Series Z, Series AA, Series
AB, Series AC, Series AD, Series AE, Series AF, Series AG, Series AH, Series AI, Series AJ, Series AK, Series AL, Series AM, Series AN, Series AO and Series
AQ first preferred share for 2021, 2020 and 2019.
                                                                                                                                                                                2021               2020                  2019

Common shares                                                                                                                                                                $3.50               $3.33                 $3.17
First preferred shares
     Series R                                                                                                                                                            $0.75450           $0.96300              $1.03250
     Series S                                                                                                                                                            $0.67884           $0.66019              $0.98748
     Series T                                                                                                                                                            $0.87794           $0.75475              $0.75475
     Series Y                                                                                                                                                            $0.58530           $0.66019              $0.98748
     Series Z                                                                                                                                                            $0.97600           $0.97600              $0.97600
     Series AA                                                                                                                                                           $0.90252           $0.90252              $0.90252
     Series AB                                                                                                                                                           $0.61248           $0.66019              $0.98748
     Series AC                                                                                                                                                           $1.09500           $1.09500              $1.09500
     Series AD                                                                                                                                                           $0.61248           $0.66019              $0.98748
     Series AE                                                                                                                                                           $0.61248           $0.66019              $0.98748
     Series AF                                                                                                                                                           $0.96625           $0.96625              $0.77750
     Series AG                                                                                                                                                           $0.80688           $0.70000              $0.70000
     Series AH                                                                                                                                                           $0.61248           $0.66019              $0.98748
     Series AI                                                                                                                                                           $0.76751           $0.68750              $0.68750
     Series AJ                                                                                                                                                           $0.61248           $0.66019              $0.98748
     Series AK                                                                                                                                                           $0.73850           $0.73850              $0.73850
     Series AL                                                                                                                                                           $0.49935           $0.70180              $0.88996
     Series AM                                                                                                                                                           $0.72382           $0.69100              $0.69100
     Series AN                                                                                                                                                           $0.55186           $0.75445              $0.94245
     Series AO                                                                                                                                                           $1.06500           $1.06500              $1.06500
     Series AQ                                                                                                                                                           $1.20300           $1.20300              $1.20300




(1) Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and dividend payout ratio is a non-GAAP ratio. These financial measures do not have any standardized meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
    Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. Dividend payout ratio is calculated by dividing dividends paid on common shares by free cash flow. Refer to section 11, Non-GAAP
    financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) of the BCE 2021 MD&A, on pages 121 to 125 of the BCE 2021 Annual Report for more information on these measures including, in the case
    of free cash flow, a reconciliation to cash flows from operating activities, being the most comparable IFRS financial measure.

30 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
7 Our directors and executive officers


7               Our directors and executive officers
7.1             Directors
On January 10, 2022, director Ian Greenberg passed away. Mr. Greenberg had been a member of the BCE Board since July 2013 and was a member of the Audit
Committee and the Management Resources and Compensation Committee.
The table below lists BCE’s directors, where they lived, the date they were elected or appointed and their principal occupation on March 3, 2022.
Under BCE’s by-laws, each director holds office until the earlier of the next annual shareholder meeting or his or her resignation.
NAME, PROVINCE/STATE                                              DATE ELECTED OR APPOINTED
AND COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE                                          TO THE BCE BOARD                     PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION ON MARCH 3, 2022

Mirko Bibic,                                                      January 2020                         President and Chief Executive Officer, BCE and Bell Canada, since January 2020
Ontario, Canada (1)

David F. Denison, FCPA, FCA,                                      October 2012                         Corporate director, since June 2012, and Chartered Professional Accountant
Ontario, Canada

Robert P. Dexter,                                                 November 2014                        Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Maritime Travel Inc. (an integrated travel company), since July
Nova Scotia, Canada                                                                                    1979

Katherine Lee,                                                    August 2015                          Corporate director, since March 2018, and Chartered Professional Accountant
Ontario, Canada

Monique F. Leroux, C.M., O.Q., FCPA, FCA,                         April 2016                           Corporate director, since April 2016, and Chartered Professional Accountant
Québec, Canada

Sheila A. Murray,                                                 May 2020                             Corporate director, since April 2019
Ontario, Canada

Gordon M. Nixon,                                                  November 2014                        Chair of the board of directors, BCE and Bell Canada, since April 2016, and corporate director, since
Ontario, Canada                                                                                        September 2014

Louis P. Pagnutti, FCPA, FCA,                                     November 2020                        Corporate director, since September 2020, and Chartered Professional Accountant
Ontario, Canada

Calin Rovinescu, C.M.,                                            April 2016                           Corporate director, since February 2021
Ontario, Canada (1)

Karen Sheriff,                                                    April 2017                           Corporate director, since October 2016
Ontario, Canada

Robert C. Simmonds,                                               May 2011                             Chair, Lenbrook Corporation (a national distributor of electronics components and radio products),
Ontario, Canada                                                                                        since April 2002

Jennifer Tory,                                                    April 2021                           Corporate director, since December 2019
Ontario, Canada

Cornell Wright                                                    April 2021                           President, Wittington Investments, Limited (the principal holding company of the Weston-Loblaw-
Ontario, Canada                                                                                        Choice Properties group), since May 2021

(1)    Mr. Bibic and Mr. Rovinescu each also maintain a residence in the province of Québec.


PAST OCCUPATION
All of BCE’s directors have held the positions listed above or other senior management positions with the same or associated firms or organizations during the past
five years or longer, except for the directors listed below.
NAME                                                             PAST OCCUPATION

Katherine Lee                                                    Chief Executive Officer of 3 Angels Holdings Limited (a real estate holding company), from 2016 to March 2018
Sheila A. Murray                                                 President of CI Financial Corp. (an investment fund company), from 2016 to March 2019
Louis P. Pagnutti, FCPA, FCA                                     Global Managing Partner of Ernst & Young (EY) (a professional services firm), from 2013 to September 2020
Calin Rovinescu, C.M.                                            President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Canada (an airline company), from April 2009 to February 2021
Jennifer Tory                                                    Chief Administrative Officer of Royal Bank of Canada (a chartered bank), from 2017 to December 2019; Group Head, Personal &
                                                                 Commercial Banking of Royal Bank of Canada, from 2014 to 2017
Cornell Wright                                                   Partner of Torys LLP (a law firm), from 2009 to April 2021

                                                                                                                                                        BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 31
7 Our directors and executive officers

COMMITTEES OF THE BCE BOARD
The table below lists the committees of the BCE Board and their members on March 3, 2022.
COMMITTEE                                           MEMBERS

Audit                                               Louis P. Pagnutti (Chair)
                                                    Katherine Lee, Monique F. Leroux, Jennifer Tory, Cornell Wright

Corporate Governance                                Monique F. Leroux (Chair)
                                                    David F. Denison, Katherine Lee, Karen Sheriff, Robert C. Simmonds, Cornell Wright

Management Resources                                David F. Denison (Chair)
and Compensation                                    Robert P. Dexter, Sheila A. Murray, Calin Rovinescu, Jennifer Tory

Risk and Pension Fund                               Calin Rovinescu (Chair)
                                                    Robert P. Dexter, Sheila A. Murray, Louis P. Pagnutti, Karen Sheriff, Robert C. Simmonds




7.2              Executive officers
Effective in January 2022, Nikki Moffat was appointed Chief Human Resources Officer and Executive Vice-President, Corporate Services of BCE and Bell Canada
following Bernard le Duc’s retirement.
Following certain organizational changes in February 2022, Blaik Kirby is now Group President, Consumer and Small & Medium Business (SMB) of Bell Canada,
Claire Gillies is now Executive Vice-President and President, Consumer Marketing of Bell Canada, and Stephen Howe is now Executive Vice-President and Chief
Technology and Information Officer of Bell Canada. Rizwan Jamal, formerly President, Bell Residential & Small Business of Bell Canada, has left the company,
and Michael Cole, Executive Vice-President and Chief Information Officer of Bell Canada will be leaving the company effective April 1, 2022.
The table below lists BCE’s and Bell Canada’s executive officers, where they lived and the office they held at BCE and/or Bell Canada on March 3, 2022.
NAME                                               PROVINCE AND COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE               OFFICE HELD AT BCE/BELL CANADA

Mirko Bibic                                        Ontario, Canada (1)                             President and Chief Executive Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)
Michael Cole                                       Ontario, Canada                                 Executive Vice-President and Chief Information Officer (Bell Canada)
Claire Gillies                                     Ontario, Canada                                 Executive Vice-President and President, Consumer Marketing (Bell Canada)
Stephen Howe                                       Ontario, Canada                                 Executive Vice-President and Chief Technology and Information Officer (Bell Canada)
Blaik Kirby                                        Ontario, Canada                                 Group President, Consumer and Small & Medium Business (SMB) (Bell Canada)
Glen LeBlanc                                       Nova Scotia, Canada                             Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)
Devorah Lithwick                                   Ontario, Canada                                 Senior Vice-President and Chief Brand Officer (Bell Canada)
Thomas Little                                      Ontario, Canada                                 President, Bell Business Markets (Bell Canada)
Robert Malcolmson                                  Ontario, Canada                                 Executive Vice-President and Chief Legal & Regulatory Officer (BCE and Bell Canada)
Nikki Moffat                                       Ontario, Canada                                 Chief Human Resources Officer and Executive Vice-President, Corporate Services (BCE and Bell
                                                                                                   Canada)
Karine Moses                                       Québec, Canada                                  Senior Vice-President, Content Development and News and Vice Chair, Québec (Bell Canada)
Wade Oosterman                                     Ontario, Canada                                 President, Bell Media and Vice Chair (BCE and Bell Canada)
John Watson                                        Ontario, Canada                                 Group President, Customer Experience (Bell Canada)

(1)     Mr. Bibic also maintains a residence in the province of Québec.


All of our executive officers have held their present positions or other senior management positions with BCE or Bell Canada during the past five years or longer.



7.3              Directors’ and executive officers’ share ownership
As at December 31, 2021, BCE’s directors and executive officers elected or appointed at such date as a group beneficially owned, or exercised control or direction
over, directly or indirectly, 558,483 common shares (or less than 0.1%) of BCE.
32 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
8 Legal proceedings


8          Legal proceedings
In the ordinary course of our business, we become involved in various claims      IP INFRINGEMENT LAWSUITS CONCERNING IPTV,
and legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. In               SATELLITE TV AND/OR CRAVE SYSTEMS
particular, because of the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are
exposed to class actions pursuant to which substantial monetary damages           On January 19, 2018, a claim was filed in the Federal Court against BCE Inc.,
may be claimed. This section describes important legal proceedings in which       Bell Canada, Bell Aliant Regional Communications Inc., Bell MTS Inc. and
we were involved as at March 3, 2022 or which were concluded in 2021. This        NorthernTel, Limited Partnership by Rovi Guides, Inc. and Tivo Solutions Inc.
list is not comprehensive and we are involved in a number of other legal          Separate and similar actions have been filed by the same plaintiffs against
proceedings. Due to the inherent risks and uncertainties of the litigation        other Canadian telecommunications and cable companies. The claim alleges
process, we cannot predict the final outcome or timing of claims and legal        that the defendants, through their manufacture, distribution, sale and use of
proceedings. Subject to the foregoing, and based on information currently         certain features of their IPTV systems, have infringed on six patents variously
available and management’s assessment of the merits of the claims and legal       owned by the plaintiffs. The claim also alleges that the defendants have,
proceedings pending at March 3, 2022, management believes that the                through their marketing and customer support activities, induced users to
ultimate resolution of these claims and legal proceedings is unlikely to have a   infringe on the patents. In addition to declaratory and injunctive relief, the
material and negative effect on our financial statements or operations. We        plaintiffs seek damages in the form of unpaid royalties in relation to the
believe that we have strong defences and we intend to vigorously defend our       defendants’ revenues from their IPTV services or an accounting of the
positions.                                                                        defendants’ profits. On May 25, 2018, the plaintiffs discontinued the claim with
                                                                                  respect to two of the six patents on which they asserted infringement. With the
                                                                                  action bifurcated into separate liability and remedies phases, trial on the merits
PURPORTED CLASS ACTION AND LAWSUITS
                                                                                  for the liability phase was completed in January 2021. The court’s decision is
CONCERNING NEIGHBOURHOOD MARKETING                                                pending. Bell Canada intends to exercise all available indemnity recourses from
PRACTICES                                                                         third parties that provide the intellectual property upon which its IPTV services
On November 24, 2021, an application for authorization to institute a class       are based.
action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell Canada on behalf       On July 27, 2021, a claim was filed in the Federal Court by Rovi Guides, Inc.
of all customers in Québec who subscribed or renewed a services contract          against BCE Inc., Bell Canada, Bell Media Inc., Bell ExpressVu Limited
with Bell Canada at their homes through a neighbourhood marketing agent or        Partnership, NorthernTel, Limited Partnership and certain third party suppliers
outside a permanent Bell Canada retail location from June 23, 2018 to the         alleging infringement of a different set of four patents from the action noted
date of final judgment. The plaintiff alleges that Bell Canada’s neighbourhood    above. The claim alleges that the defendants, through their manufacture,
marketing process violates the Québec Consumer Protection Act (QPCA) and          distribution, sale and use of certain features of their IPTV, satellite TV and OTT
the Civil Code of Québec. The plaintiff further alleges that Bell Canada          Crave systems, have infringed four patents owned by the plaintiff. The claim
conducts these practices in bad faith. The action seeks payment of punitive       also alleges that the defendants have, through their marketing and customer
damages of $1,000 per class member. The action has not yet been authorized        support activities, induced users to infringe the patents. In addition to
as a class action.                                                                declaratory and injunctive relief, the plaintiff seeks damages in the form of
On September 21, 2018, Videotron Ltée (Videotron) filed a claim for damages       unpaid royalties in relation to the defendants’ revenues from their TV services
and for injunctive relief against Bell Canada in the Québec Superior Court.       or an accounting of the defendants’ profits. Bell Canada intends to exercise all
The claim alleges that Bell Canada pursues itinerant merchant activities in       available indemnity recourses from third parties that provide intellectual
Québec without complying with the requirements of the QPCA. Videotron             property upon which its IPTV, satellite TV and OTT Crave systems are based.
alleges that Bell Canada is required to obtain a permit from the Office de la
protection du consommateur and follow specific rules related to contract form     CLAIM UNDER THE COPYRIGHT ACT
when service contracts are entered into at the customers’ home. These             On July 5, 2021, a statement of claim was filed in the Federal Court against Bell
alleged violations of the QCPA would constitute unfair competition and a civil    Canada (and the former Bell Aliant) by certain copyright owners including
fault causing purported damages to Videotron, who claims that it carries out      Millennium Funding Inc. The claim alleges breach of the Copyright Act for
itinerant merchant activities in accordance with the QCPA’s requirements. The     failing to forward certain copyright infringement notices to Bell customers. The
claim estimates damages at $78.5 million. Videotron is also seeking an            claim seeks $10,000 for each alleged failure, for a total of $397,910,000.
injunction ordering Bell Canada to obtain a permit and comply with the
provisions of the QCPA governing itinerant merchants. On January 8, 2019,
Cogeco Connexion Inc. (Cogeco) filed a claim in damages and for injunctive
relief against Bell Canada in the Québec Superior Court, which is similar to
the Videotron claim referred to above. Cogeco makes similar allegations to
Videotron as regards its compliance with the QCPA and Bell Canada’s
non-compliance with the QCPA. The claim estimates damages at $9.2 million.

                                                                                                                      BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 33
8 Legal proceedings

CLASS ACTION CONCERNING INDEXATION RATE OF                                          CLASS ACTION AND PURPORTED CLASS ACTION
PENSION PAYMENTS                                                                    CONCERNING RELEVANT ADVERTISEMENTS INITIATIVE
On January 16, 2018, a statement of claim was filed pursuant to the                 On April 14 and 16, 2015, respectively, an application for authorization to
Class Proceedings Act (Ontario) in the Ontario Superior Court against Bell          institute a class action was filed against Bell Canada and Bell Mobility in the
Canada, Bell Mobility, Bell Media and Expertech alleging that the indexation        Québec Superior Court and a statement of claim was filed against Bell Canada
rate under the Bell Canada Pension Plan was not properly calculated for the         and Bell Mobility pursuant to the Class Proceedings Act (Ontario) in the Ontario
year 2017. The action sought to certify a class action consisting of all persons,   Superior Court (collectively, the Actions). Together, the Actions seek to certify a
wherever resident, who are or were members of the Bell Canada Pension               national class consisting of Bell Mobility customers who subscribed to mobile
Plan, or otherwise entitled to benefits thereunder, and were entitled to receive    data services between November 16, 2013 and April 13, 2015. The plaintiffs
indexed pension payments as of January 1, 2017, together with the spouses,          seek damages for breach of contract, breach of applicable consumer protection
estates, heirs, beneficiaries and representatives of those who died. The action     legislation, breach of the Civil Code of Québec, intrusion upon seclusion,
sought damages in the amount of $150 million or any greater amount                  negligence, breach of confidence, unjust enrichment and waiver of tort resulting
determined by the court, for breach of contract under the Bell Canada               from Bell Canada’s and Bell Mobility’s alleged unauthorized use and disclosure
Pension Plan, as well as for breach of fiduciary and trust duties under the         of personal information pursuant to the Relevant Advertisements Initiative.
Pension Benefits Standards Act of 1985. On August 12, 2019, the Ontario             Unspecified punitive damages are also sought in both actions. On
Superior Court delivered its decision certifying the class action, but              November 16, 2017, the court stayed the Québec action. On May 13, 2019, the
simultaneously dismissed the action on the merits. On February 21, 2020, the        Ontario Superior Court certified the Ontario action as a national class action
Ontario Court of Appeal reversed the Ontario Superior Court’s decision on the       against Bell Mobility for the period between November 16, 2013 and April 14,
merits, and granted summary judgment in favour of the plaintiff, sending the        2015.
proceeding back to the Ontario Superior Court for a decision on damages and
other ancillary issues. On July 20, 2021, the Ontario Superior Court resolved       CLASS ACTIONS CONCERNING INCREASE TO LATE
ancillary issues, and approved the amounts payable to the class for damages         PAYMENT CHARGES
and by the class for legal fees. Distribution to the class took place between
October 2021 and January 2022 and, accordingly, this legal proceeding is            On October 28, 2010, an application for authorization to institute a class action
now concluded.                                                                      was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell Canada and Bell Mobility
                                                                                    on behalf of all physical persons and companies of 50 employees or less in
                                                                                    Canada who were billed late payment charges since June 2010. The plaintiffs
CLASS ACTIONS CONCERNING SERVICE                                                    allege that the increase by Bell Canada and Bell Mobility of the late payment
FEE MODIFICATIONS                                                                   charge imposed on customers who fail to pay their invoices by the due date
On November 27, 2015, an application for authorization to institute a class         from 2% to 3% per month is invalid. The action seeks an order requiring Bell
action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell Canada, Bell             Canada and Bell Mobility to repay all late payment charges in excess of 2% per
ExpressVu and Bell Mobility on behalf of all consumers whose monthly fees           month to the members of the class. In addition to the reimbursement of such
for wireline telephone services, Internet services, Fibe TV services, satellite     amounts, the action also seeks payment of general and punitive damages. On
TV services or wireless postpaid services were unilaterally modified at any         December 16, 2011, the court authorized the action but limited the class
time since November 2012. The plaintiff alleges that the notices provided by        members to residents of the province of Québec with respect to home phone,
the defendants of the price increases or reductions of the bundle discount          wireless and Internet services.
were not compliant under the Québec Consumer Protection Act. The action
                                                                                    On January 10, 2012, another application for the authorization to institute an
seeks the reimbursement, since November 2012, of the monthly price
                                                                                    identical class action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against Bell
increases and/or reductions of the bundle discount, and payment of punitive
                                                                                    ExpressVu with respect to TV services, later amended to add Bell Canada as
damages in the amount of $100 per class member. On July 10, 2017, the
                                                                                    defendant. On December 19, 2014, the court authorized this action to proceed
court authorized the action to proceed as a class action.
                                                                                    as a class action.
On December 12, 2018, another application for authorization to institute a
class action was filed in the Québec Superior Court against regional
subsidiaries Télébec, Limited Partnership and Cablevision du Nord de
Québec Inc. on behalf of all consumers and business entities whose monthly
fees for wireline telephone services, Internet services, TV services or wireless
postpaid services were unilaterally modified at any time since December
2015. The plaintiff alleges that the notices provided by the defendants of the
price increases or reductions of the bundle discount were not compliant under
the Québec Consumer Protection Act. The action seeks the reimbursement,
since December 2015, of the monthly price increases and/or reductions of the
bundle discount, and payment of punitive damages in the amount of $100 per
class member. In a decision dated February 3, 2022, the court authorized the
action to proceed as a class action for the price increases that occurred
between December 12, 2015 and the authorization notice to the class.

34 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
8 Legal proceedings

CLASS ACTION AND PURPORTED CLASS ACTION                                            CLASS ACTION CONCERNING WIRELESS SYSTEM
CONCERNING ROUNDING-UP OF MINUTES                                                  ACCESS FEES
On July 25, 2008, a statement of claim was filed pursuant to the                   On August 9, 2004, a statement of claim was filed under The Class Actions Act
Class Proceedings Act (Ontario) in the Ontario Superior Court against BCE          (Saskatchewan) in the Saskatchewan Court of Queen’s Bench against a
Inc. on behalf of all its residential long distance customers in Canada who,       number of wireless communications service providers, including Bell Mobility
since July 2002, have had their call times rounded up to the next full minute      and Bell Aliant LP (now Bell Mobility as successor to the Bell Aliant LP wireless
for billing purposes (the First Rounding-Up Action). On August 18, 2008, a         business), on behalf of certain alleged customers. This statement of claim
similar statement of claim (the Second Rounding-Up Action) was filed against       alleges, among other things, breach of contract and duty to inform, deceit,
Bell Mobility in the same court on behalf of all Canadian Bell Mobility            misrepresentation, unjust enrichment and collusion in connection with certain
customers who, since July 2002, have had their wireless airtime rounded up         system access fees and system licensing charges invoiced by wireless
to the next full minute. The actions allege that BCE Inc. and Bell Mobility,       communications service providers to their customers. The plaintiffs are seeking
respectively, misrepresented and did not disclose that they round up to the        unspecified general and punitive damages. On September 17, 2007, the court
next full minute when calculating long distance call time or wireless airtime.     granted certification, on the grounds of unjust enrichment only, of a national
The class actions seek reimbursement of all amounts received by BCE Inc.           class encompassing all customers of the defendant wireless communications
and Bell Mobility as a result of the rounded-up portion of per minute charges      service providers, wherever resident in Canada, on the basis of an opt-out
for residential long distance calls and wireless airtime. Each action originally   class in Saskatchewan and an opt-in class elsewhere in Canada.
claimed general damages of $20 million, costs of $1 million for administering
the distribution of damages and $5 million in punitive damages. On                 OTHER
January 15, 2014, the Second Rounding-Up Action was amended to include
an allegation of breach of contract and to increase claimed general damages        We are subject to other claims and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of
to $500 million and claimed punitive damages to $20 million. The Second            our current and past operations, including class actions, employment-related
Rounding-Up Action was certified as a class action on November 25, 2014,           disputes, contract disputes, competitor disputes and customer disputes. In
for the period between August 18, 2006 and October 1, 2009. The First              some claims and legal proceedings, the claimant seeks damages as well as
Rounding-Up Action has not yet been certified as a class action.                   other relief which, if granted, could require substantial expenditures on our part
                                                                                   or could result in changes to our business practices.
PURPORTED CLASS ACTION CONCERNING “911 FEES”
On June 26, 2008, a statement of claim was filed under The Class Actions Act
(Saskatchewan) in the Saskatchewan Court of Queen’s Bench against a
number of communications service providers, including Bell Mobility, Bell MTS
Inc. and Bell Aliant LP (now Bell Mobility as successor to the Bell Aliant LP
wireless business), on behalf of certain alleged customers. The action also
named BCE Inc. and Bell Canada as defendants. The statement of claim
alleges, among other things, breach of contract and duty to inform, deceit,
misrepresentation and collusion in connection with certain “911 fees” invoiced
by communications service providers to their customers. The plaintiffs seek
unspecified damages, punitive damages and an accounting and constructive
trust of the “911 fees” collected. The action seeks certification of a national
class encompassing all customers of communications service providers,
wherever resident in Canada. On July 22, 2013, the plaintiffs delivered an
amended statement of claim which removed BCE Inc. and Bell Canada as
defendants, and added claims for unjust enrichment and breaches of
provincial consumer protection legislation and the Competition Act. The action
has not yet been certified as a class action.

                                                                                                                       BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 35
9 Interest of management and others in material transactions
10 Interest of experts
11 Transfer agent and registrar
12 For more information


9           Interest of management and others
            in material transactions
To the best of our knowledge, there have been no current or nominated directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of a current or nominated director or
executive officer with a material interest in any transaction within the three most recently completed financial years or during the current financial year that has materially
affected us or is reasonably expected to materially affect us.



10          Interest of experts
Deloitte LLP prepared the Report of independent registered public accounting firm in respect of our audited consolidated financial statements and the Report of
independent registered public accounting firm in respect of our internal control over financial reporting. Deloitte LLP is independent of BCE within the meaning of
the Code of Ethics of the Ordre des comptables professionnels agréés du Québec and within the meaning of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
applicable rules and regulations thereunder adopted by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (U.S.) (PCAOB).



11          Transfer agent and registrar
The transfer agent and registrar for the common shares and preferred shares of BCE in Canada is TSX Trust Company at its principal offices in Montréal, Québec;
Toronto, Ontario; Calgary, Alberta; and Vancouver, British Columbia; and in the U.S. is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC at its principal office in
Brooklyn, New York.
The register for Bell Canada’s Canadian unsubordinated debentures is kept at the principal office of BNY Trust Company of Canada (BNY) in Montréal, and facilities for
registration, exchange and transfer of the Canadian unsubordinated debentures are maintained at the principal offices of BNY in Montréal and Toronto.
The register for Bell Canada’s Canadian subordinated debentures is kept at the principal office of BNY in Montréal, and facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of the
Canadian subordinated debentures are maintained at the principal offices of BNY in Montréal and Toronto.
The register for Bell MTS Inc.’s notes assumed by Bell Canada is kept at the principal office of Computershare Trust Company of Canada (Computershare) in Montréal, and
facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of the notes are maintained at Computershare’s offices in Montréal, Toronto and Calgary.
The register for Bell Canada’s U.S. notes, issued pursuant to its 2016 U.S. trust indenture, is kept at the principal office of The Bank of New York Mellon in New York, and
facilities for registration, exchange and transfer of such U.S. notes are also maintained at the principal office of The Bank of New York Mellon in New York.



12          For more information
This Annual Information Form as well as BCE’s annual and quarterly shareholder reports and news releases are available on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.
Additional information, including information about directors’ and officers’ remuneration and securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, is
contained in BCE’s management proxy circular for its most recent annual meeting of security holders that involved the election of directors.
Additional information relating to BCE is available on SEDAR at sedar.com and on EDGAR at sec.gov. Additional financial information is provided in BCE’s
audited consolidated financial statements and the related management’s discussion and analysis for BCE’s most recently completed financial year, contained in
the BCE 2021 Annual Report. You may ask for a copy of the annual and quarterly management’s discussion and analysis of BCE by contacting the Investor
Relations group of BCE at Building A, 8th Floor, 1, Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Verdun, Québec H3E 3B3 or by sending an e-mail to
investor.relations@bce.ca.
Shareholder inquiries 1-800-561-0934
Investor relations    1-800-339-6353
36 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
13 Schedule 1 – Audit Committee information


13           Schedule 1 – Audit Committee information
The purpose of BCE’s Audit Committee (Audit Committee) is to assist the                    MEMBERS’ FINANCIAL LITERACY, EXPERTISE AND
BCE Board in its oversight of:                                                             SIMULTANEOUS SERVICE
• the integrity of BCE’s financial statements and related information                      Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related SEC rules, BCE is required
• BCE’s compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements                       to disclose whether its Audit Committee members include at least one “audit
                                                                                           committee financial expert” as defined by these rules. In addition, National
• the independence, qualifications and appointment of the external auditors                Instrument 52-110 – Audit Committees and the NYSE governance rules
• the performance of both the external and internal auditors                               followed by BCE require that all audit committee members be “financially
• management’s responsibility for       assessing     and     reporting     on   the       literate” and “independent”.
  effectiveness of internal controls                                                       The BCE Board has determined that all the members of the Audit Committee during
• BCE’s risk processes as they relate to financial reporting                               2021 were, and all current members of the Audit Committee are, financially literate
                                                                                           and independent, and that the current Chair of the Audit Committee, Mr. L.P.
                                                                                           Pagnutti, as well as Ms. K. Lee and Ms. M.F. Leroux are qualified as “audit
                                                                                           committee financial experts”. The table below outlines the relevant education and
                                                                                           experience of all members of the Audit Committee, whether during 2021 or currently.


RELEVANT EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
L.P. Pagnutti, FCPA, FCA                     Mr. Pagnutti has been a director of BCE since November 2020 and is Chair of the Audit Committee since January 2021. Mr. Pagnutti is a
(Chair)                                      corporate director and was Global Managing Partner – Business Enablement of EY (a professional services firm) and a member of EY’s Global
                                             Executive Board until his retirement in September 2020. As Global Managing Partner, he was responsible for EY’s business functions across the
                                             globe. He oversaw EY’s strategy and its execution for all functions, including technology, finance, risk management, legal affairs, shared
                                             services, and procurement. Mr. Pagnutti joined EY Assurance in 1981, before moving to EY Tax in 1986. From 2004 until 2010, he was
                                             Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EY Canada and a member of the EY Americas Executive Board. He was EY Asia-Pacific Area
                                             Managing Partner from 2010 to 2013. Mr. Pagnutti is also a non-executive director of DLA Piper International LLP and DLA Piper Global (a law
                                             firm). He holds an Honours Bachelor of Commerce degree from Laurentian University. He earned his Chartered Professional Accountant
                                             designation in 1983 and was honoured with a Fellow Chartered Accountant designation in 2006. He has served on the Sunnybrook Hospital
                                             Foundation and Pathways to Education boards. Mr. Pagnutti initiated EY Canada’s role as National Volunteer Partner of Pathways to Education,
                                             a program dedicated to helping high school students from low-income and under-represented groups complete high school and pursue post-
                                             secondary education.
I. Greenberg                                 Mr. Greenberg was a director of BCE since July 2013, until his passing in January 2022. He was a corporate director and one of four brothers
(until January 2022)                         who founded Astral Media Inc. (a media company). From 1995 until July 2013, Mr. Greenberg was President and Chief Executive Officer of
                                             Astral Media Inc. He was past Chair of Cineplex Inc., and was a member of the Broadcasting Hall of Fame and a recipient of the prestigious Ted
                                             Rogers and Velma Rogers Graham Award for his unique contribution to the Canadian broadcasting system. With his brothers, he also received
                                             the Eleanor Roosevelt Humanities Award for their active support of numerous industry and charitable organizations. Mr. Greenberg was a
                                             member of the Canadian Council of Chief Executives and a governor of Montréal’s Jewish General Hospital. In 2013, he was inducted in the
                                             Canadian Business Hall of Fame.
K. Lee                                       Ms. Lee has been a director of BCE since August 2015 and a corporate director and, from 2010 to February 2015, served as President and
                                             Chief Executive Officer of GE Capital Canada (a leading global provider of financial and fleet management solutions to mid-market companies
                                             operating in a broad range of economic sectors). Prior to this role, Ms. Lee served as Chief Executive Officer of GE Capital Real Estate in
                                             Canada from 2002 to 2010, building it to a full debt and equity operating company. Ms. Lee joined GE in 1994, where she held a number of
                                             positions, including Director, Mergers & Acquisitions, for GE Capital’s Pension Fund Advisory Services, based in San Francisco, and Managing
                                             Director of GE Capital Real Estate Korea, based in Seoul and Tokyo. Ms. Lee earned a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of
                                             Toronto. She is a Chartered Professional Accountant and Chartered Accountant. She is active in the community, championing women’s
                                             networks and Asia-Pacific forums. Ms. Lee is also a director of Public Sector Pension Investments.
M.F. Leroux,                                 Ms. Leroux has been a director of BCE since April 2016. Companion of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame and the Investment Industry Hall of
C.M., O.Q., FCPA, FCA                        Fame, Ms. Leroux is a corporate director. She serves as an independent director of Michelin Group, S&P Global Inc. and Alimentation Couche-
                                             Tard Inc., and she is a senior advisor (non executive) of Fiera Capital. As such, she brings to these boards her diverse experience, among
                                             others as Partner at EY and Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Desjardins Group from 2008 to 2016. In May 2020, she was
                                             appointed Chair of the Industry Strategy council by the Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry Canada. From 2016 to 2020, she was Chair
                                             of the Board of Investissement Québec. She is also vice-chair of the Montreal Symphony Orchestra (OSM). Ms. Leroux is a Member of the
                                             Order of Canada, an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec, a Chevalier of the Légion d’honneur (France) and a recipient of the Woodrow
                                             Wilson Award (United States). She has been awarded Fellowship by the Ordre des comptables professionnels agréés du Québec and the
                                             Institute of Corporate Directors and holds honourary doctorates from eight Canadian universities in recognition of her contribution to the
                                             business sector and to the community.

                                                                                                                                     BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 37
13 Schedule 1 – Audit Committee information

J. Tory                                      Ms. Tory has been a director of BCE since April 2021. She is a corporate director who was, until her retirement in December 2019, the Chief
(since April 2021)                           Administrative Officer of RBC (a chartered bank) where she held responsibility for Brand, Marketing, Citizenship & Communications,
                                             Procurement and Real Estate functions globally. Prior to this role, she was Group Head, Personal & Commercial Banking, leading RBC’s retail
                                             and commercial customer businesses and operations in Canada and the Caribbean from 2014 to 2017. Throughout her 42 year career, Ms. Tory
                                             held a number of key senior operating positions across retail distribution and operations including overseeing digital & cost transformation of the
                                             business. An acknowledged community leader and fundraiser, she currently sits on the board of the Sunnybrook Hospital Foundation Board and
                                             recently completed her term on the board of the Toronto International Film Festival, the past 5 years as Chair. A champion of diversity, Ms. Tory
                                             is the recipient of numerous awards recognizing her work related to the advancement of women and advocacy for BIPOC and LGBTQ+
                                             communities.
C. Wright                                    Mr. Wright has been a director of BCE since April 2021. Mr. Wright is President of Wittington Investments, Limited (the principal holding
(since April 2021)                           company of the Weston group of companies which includes George Weston, Loblaw and Choice Properties). Mr. Wright joined Wittington in
                                             2021 following a 20 year career at Torys LLP (a law firm), where he was a leading corporate lawyer. Mr. Wright served as Chair of the firm’s
                                             Corporate Department and former co-head of the firm’s M&A Practice. As a lawyer, his practice focused on M&A transactions, both public and
                                             private, and other critical situations. He played a lead role acting for some of Canada’s largest public and private companies in their most
                                             significant strategic matters. Mr. Wright has a broad range of experience in complex transactional, securities, family-controlled business, private
                                             equity, regulatory, governance, activism and compliance matters. He has counselled boards of directors and board committees on corporate
                                             governance matters, crisis management and shareholder engagement issues. Mr. Wright is a Fellow of The American College of Governance
                                             Counsel. Mr. Wright is Chair of the Board of Directors of the National Ballet of Canada, a Trustee of University Health Network and Executive in
                                             Residence at the Rotman School of Management. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from McGill University and JD and MBA degrees from the
                                             University of Toronto.



The NYSE rules followed by BCE require that if an audit committee member                     In particular, the policy specifies that:
serves simultaneously on the audit committee of more than three public                       • the external auditors cannot be hired to provide any services falling within the
companies, the board of directors must determine and disclose that this                        prohibited services category, such as bookkeeping, financial information
simultaneous service does not impair the ability of the member to effectively                  system design and implementation, or legal services
serve on the Audit Committee. In addition to serving on BCE’s Audit
Committee, Ms. M. F. Leroux currently serves on the audit committees of                      • for all audit and non-audit services falling within the permitted services
three public companies, Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc., Michelin Group and                      category (such as prospectus, due diligence and non-statutory audits), a
S&P Global Inc. The BCE Board has reviewed the Audit Committee service of                      request for approval must be submitted to the Audit Committee prior to
Ms. Leroux and has concluded that these other activities do not impair her                     engaging the external auditors
ability to effectively serve on the Audit Committee. This conclusion is based                • specific permitted services, however, are pre-approved annually and
on the following considerations, among others:                                                 quarterly by the Audit Committee and consequently only require approval by
• she is not involved in full-time professional activities other than serving on               the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer prior to engaging
  various boards of directors and not-for-profit organizations and acting as                   the external auditors
  strategic advisor;                                                                         • at each regularly scheduled Audit Committee meeting, a summary of all fees
• she has extensive accounting and financial knowledge and experience,                         billed by the external auditors by type of service is presented. This summary
  which serves the best interests of BCE and assists the Audit Committee in                    includes the details of fees incurred within the pre-approval amounts.
  the discharge of its duties;
                                                                                             The Auditor Independence Policy is available in the governance section of
• she makes valuable contributions to BCE’s Audit Committee; and                             BCE’s website at BCE.ca.
• she attended 100% of BCE Board and committee meetings, including the
  Audit Committee, in 2021.                                                                  EXTERNAL AUDITORS’ FEES
                                                                                             The table below shows the fees that BCE’s external auditors, Deloitte LLP,
PRE-APPROVAL POLICIES AND PROCEDURES                                                         billed to BCE and its subsidiaries for various services in each of the past two
BCE’s Auditor Independence Policy is a comprehensive policy governing all                    fiscal years.
aspects of our relationship with the external auditors, including:                                                                                                            2021                       2020
                                                                                                                                                                   (IN $ MILLIONS)            (IN $ MILLIONS)
• establishing a process for determining whether various audit and other
  services provided by the external auditors affect their independence                       Audit fees (1)                                                                   8.6                        9.1
                                                                                             Audit-related fees (2)                                                           2.9                        3.3
• identifying the services that the external auditors may and may not provide
  to BCE and its subsidiaries                                                                Tax fees (3)                                                                     0.4                        0.4
                                                                                             All other fees (4)                                                               0.1                        0.4
• pre-approving all services to be provided by the external auditors of BCE
  and its subsidiaries                                                                       Total (5)                                                                       12.0                      13.2
• establishing a process outlining procedures when hiring current or former                  (1) These fees include professional services provided by the external auditors for statutory audits of the annual
  personnel of the external auditors in a financial oversight role to ensure                     financial statements, the audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, the review of
  auditor independence is maintained                                                             interim financial reports, the review of financial accounting and reporting matters, the review of securities
                                                                                                 offering documents and translation services.
                                                                                             (2) These fees relate to non-statutory audits and due diligence procedures, and other regulatory audits and
                                                                                                 filings.
                                                                                             (3) These fees include professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and assistance with tax audits.
                                                                                             (4) These fees include any other fees for permitted services not included in any of the above-stated categories.
                                                                                             (5) The amounts of $12.0 million for 2021 and $13.2 million for 2020 reflect fees billed in those fiscal years
                                                                                                 without taking into account the year to which those services relate. Total fees for services provided for each
                                                                                                 fiscal year amounted to $9.6 million in 2021 and $9.9 million in 2020.


38 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter


14           Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter
I.    Purpose                                                                          2.   Meet to review and discuss with management and the shareholders’
                                                                                            auditor, report and, where appropriate, provide recommendations to the
The purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its
                                                                                            Board of Directors on the following prior to its public disclosure:
oversight of:
                                                                                            a. the Corporation’s annual and interim consolidated financial statements
A.    the integrity of the Corporation’s financial statements and related
                                                                                               and the related “Management’s Discussion and Analysis”, Annual
      information;
                                                                                               Information Forms, earnings press releases and earnings guidance
B.    the Corporation’s compliance with applicable legal and regulatory                        provided to analysts and rating agencies and the integrity of the
      requirements;                                                                            financial reporting of the Corporation;

C.    the independence, qualifications and appointment of the shareholders’                    – In addition to the role of the Audit Committee to make
      auditor;                                                                                   recommendations to the Board of Directors, where the members of
                                                                                                 the Audit Committee consider that it is appropriate and in the best
D.    the performance of the Corporation’s shareholders’ auditor and internal                    interest of the Corporation, the Corporation’s interim consolidated
      audit;                                                                                     financial statements and the related “Management’s Discussion and
                                                                                                 Analysis”, the interim earnings press releases and the earnings
E.    management responsibility for assessing             and   reporting   on   the             guidance, may also be approved on behalf of the Board of Directors
      effectiveness of internal controls; and                                                    by the Audit Committee, provided that such approval is
                                                                                                 subsequently reported to the Board of Directors at its next meeting;
F.    the Corporation’s risks as it relates to financial reporting.
                                                                                            b. any audit issues raised by the shareholders’ auditor and management’s
II.   Duties and Responsibilities                                                              response thereto, including any restrictions on the scope of the
                                                                                               activities of the shareholders’ auditor or access to requested
The Audit Committee shall perform the functions customarily performed by                       information and any significant disagreements with management.
audit committees and any other functions assigned by the Board of Directors.
In particular, the Audit Committee shall have the following duties and                 3.   Review and discuss reports from the shareholders’ auditor on:
responsibilities:
                                                                                            a. all critical accounting policies and practices used by the Corporation;
A.    Financial Reporting and Control                                                       b. all material selections of accounting policies when there is a choice of
1.    On a quarterly and annual basis, review and discuss with management                      policies available under IFRS that have been discussed with
      and the shareholders’ auditor the following:                                             management, including the ramifications of the use of such alternative
                                                                                               treatment and the alternative preferred by the shareholders’ auditor;
      a. major issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement                  and
         presentation, including any significant changes in the Corporation’s
         selection or application of accounting principles or material related              c. other material written communications between the shareholders’
         party transactions, and issues as to the adequacy of the Corporation’s                auditor and management, and discuss such communication with the
         internal controls and any special audit steps adopted in light of                     shareholders’ auditor.
         material control deficiencies;
      b. analyses prepared by management and/or the shareholders’ auditor
         setting forth significant financial reporting issues and judgements
         made in connection with the preparation of the financial statements,
         including the impact of selecting one of several International Financial
         Reporting Standards (IFRS) and/ or non IFRS measures on the
         financial statements when such a selection has been made in the
         current reporting period;
      c. the effect of regulatory and accounting developments, as well as
         off-balance sheet arrangements, on the financial statements of the
         Corporation; and
      d. the type and presentation of information to be included in earnings
         press releases (including any use of pro-forma or non-IFRS
         information).

                                                                                                                           BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 39
14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter

B.   Oversight of the Shareholders’ Auditor                                          7.   At least annually, obtain and review a report by the shareholders’ auditor
1.   Be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and             describing:
     oversight of the work of the shareholders’ auditor, who shall report                 a. the shareholders’ auditor’s internal quality-control procedures;
     directly to the Audit Committee, and any other auditor preparing or
     issuing an audit report or performing other audit services or attest                 b. any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control
     services for the Corporation or any consolidated subsidiary of the                      review, or peer review of the shareholders’ auditor firm, or by any
     Corporation, where required, and review, report and, where appropriate,                 inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities,
     provide recommendations to the Board of Directors on the appointment,                   issued in the reporting year, respecting one or more independent audits
     terms and review of engagement, removal, independence and proposed                      carried out by the shareholders’ auditor firm in Canada and the United
     fees of the shareholders’ auditor.                                                      States, limited to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and
                                                                                             any steps taken to deal with any such issues.
2.   Approve in advance all audit, review or attest engagement fees and
     terms for all audit, review or attest services to be provided by the            8.   At least every 5 years, unless the annual assessment indicates otherwise,
     shareholders’ auditor to the Corporation and any consolidated subsidiary             conduct a comprehensive review of the shareholders’ auditor focussing on
     and any other auditor preparing or issuing an audit report or performing             the firm and report to the Board of Directors on:
     other audit services or attest services for the Corporation or any
     consolidated subsidiary of the Corporation, where required.                          a. the independence, objectivity and professional skepticism of the
                                                                                             shareholders’ auditor;
3.   Pre-approve all engagements for permitted audit and non-audit services
     to be provided by the shareholders’ auditor to the Corporation and any               b. the quality of the engagement team; and
     consolidated subsidiary and to this effect may establish policies and
     procedures for the engagement of the shareholders’ auditor to provide to             c. the quality of communications and interactions with the shareholders’
     the Corporation and any consolidated subsidiary permitted non-audit                     auditor.
     services, which shall include approval in advance by the Audit Committee        9.   Resolve any disagreement between management and the shareholders’
     of all audit/review and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the           auditor regarding financial reporting.
     shareholders’ auditor to the Corporation and any consolidated subsidiary.
                                                                                     10. Review the annual audit plan with the shareholders’ auditor.
4.   Delegate, if deemed appropriate, authority to the Chief Financial Officer
     to grant pre-approvals of audit, review and permitted non-audit services,       11. Meet periodically with the shareholders’ auditor in the absence of
     provided that any such approvals shall be presented to the Audit                    management and internal audit.
     Committee at its next scheduled meeting.
5.   Establish policies for the hiring of partners, employees and former             C.   Oversight of Internal Audit
     partners and employees of the shareholders’ auditor.                            1.   Review and discuss with the head of internal audit, report and, where
                                                                                          appropriate, provide recommendations to the Board of Directors on the
6.   At least annually, consider, assess, and report to the Board of Directors            following:
     on:
                                                                                          a. the appointment and mandate of internal audit, including the
     a. the independence, objectivity and professional skepticism of the                     responsibilities, budget and staffing of internal audit;
        shareholders’ auditor, including that the shareholders’ auditor’s
        performance of permitted non-audit services does not impair the                   b. discuss with the head of internal audit the scope and performance of
        shareholders’ auditor’s independence;                                                internal audit, including a review of the annual internal audit plan, and
                                                                                             whether there are any restrictions or limitations on internal audit; and
     b. obtaining from the shareholders’ auditor a written statement
        (i) delineating all relationships between the shareholders’ auditor and           c. obtain periodic reports from the head of internal audit regarding internal
        the Corporation; (ii) assuring that lead audit partner rotation is carried           audit findings, including those related to the Corporation’s internal
        out, as required by law; and (iii) delineating any other relationships               controls, and the Corporation’s progress in remedying any audit
        that may adversely affect the independence of the shareholders’                      findings.
        auditor;
                                                                                     2.   Meet periodically with the head of internal audit in the absence of
     c. the quality of the engagement team including the evaluation of the                management and the shareholders’ auditor.
        lead audit partner, taking into account the opinions of management
        and internal audit; and
     d. the quality of the communications and interactions with the external
        auditor.

40 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter

D.   Oversight of the Corporation’s Internal Control System                         III. Evaluation of the Audit Committee and Report to Board of
1.   Review and discuss with management, the shareholders’ auditor and                   Directors
     internal audit, monitor, report and, where appropriate, provide                A.   The Audit Committee shall evaluate and review with the Corporate
     recommendations to the Board of Directors on the following:                         Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, on an annual basis, the
     a. the Corporation’s systems of internal controls over financial reporting;         performance of the Audit Committee.

     b. the existence of any fraud, whether or not material, that involves          B.   The Audit Committee shall review and discuss with the Corporate
        management or other employees who have a significant role in the                 Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, on an annual basis, the
        Corporation’s internal controls over financial reporting;                        adequacy of the Audit Committee charter.

     c. compliance with the policies and practices of the Corporation relating      C.   The Audit Committee shall report to the Board of Directors periodically on
        to business ethics and code of conduct;                                          the Audit Committee’s activities.

     d. compliance by Directors, Officers and other management personnel            IV. Outside Advisors
        with the Corporation’s Disclosure Policy; and
                                                                                    The Audit Committee shall have the authority to engage outside counsel and
     e. the relationship of the Audit Committee with other committees of the        other outside advisors as it deems appropriate to assist the Audit Committee in
        Board of Directors, management and the Corporation’s consolidated           the performance of its functions. The Corporation shall provide appropriate
        subsidiaries’ audit committees.                                             funding for such advisors as determined by the Audit Committee.
2.   Review and discuss with the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
     Officer of the Corporation the process for the certifications to be provided   V.   Membership
     in the Corporation’s public disclosure documents.                              The Audit Committee shall consist of such number of directors, in no event to
                                                                                    be less than three, as the Board of Directors may from time to time by
3.   Review,     monitor,   report,  and, where appropriate, provide                resolution determine. The members of the Audit Committee shall meet the
     recommendations to the Board of Directors on the Corporation’s                 independence, experience and other membership requirements under
     disclosure controls and procedures.                                            applicable laws, rules and regulations as determined by the Board of Directors.
4.   Establish procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of
     complaints received by the Corporation regarding accounting, internal          VI. Audit Committee Chair
     accounting controls or auditing matters, including procedures for              The Chair of the Audit Committee shall be appointed by the Board of Directors.
     confidential, anonymous submissions by employees regarding                     The Chair of the Audit Committee leads the Audit Committee in all aspects of its
     questionable accounting or auditing matters.                                   work and is responsible to effectively manage the affairs of the Audit Committee
5.   Meet periodically with management in the absence of the shareholders’          and ensure that it is properly organized and functions efficiently. More
     auditor and internal audit.                                                    specifically, the Chair of the Audit Committee shall:
                                                                                    A.   Provide leadership to enable the Audit Committee to act effectively in
E.   Oversight of the Corporation’s Financial Reporting Risks                            carrying out its duties and responsibilities as described elsewhere in this
1.   Review,    monitor,    report   and,   where      appropriate,  provide             charter and as otherwise may be appropriate;
     recommendations to the Board of Directors on the Corporation’s                 B.   In consultation with the Board Chair and the Chief Executive Officer,
     processes for identifying, assessing, mitigating, remedying and, where              ensure that there is an effective relationship between management and the
     required, reporting major risk exposures as it relates to financial                 members of the Audit Committee;
     reporting.
                                                                                    C.   Chair meetings of the Audit Committee;
F.   Journalistic Independence
                                                                                    D.   In consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the Corporate Secretary’s
1.   Consider and approve, on recommendation from the Chief Executive                    Office and the Board Chair, determine the frequency, dates and locations
     Officer, the appointment and termination of the Vice President                      of meetings of the Audit Committee;
     responsible for CTV News and the Vice President responsible for Noovo
     News.                                                                          E.   In consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer,
                                                                                         the Corporate Secretary’s Office and, as required, other Officers, review
2.   At least annually, obtain and review reports regarding compliance with              the annual work plan and the meeting agendas to ensure all required
     the Corporation’s Journalistic Independence Policy by each of the Vice              business is brought before the Audit Committee to enable it to efficiently
     President responsible for CTV News and the Vice President responsible               carry out its duties and responsibilities;
     for Noovo News.
                                                                                    F.   Ensure, in consultation with the Board Chair, that all items requiring the
                                                                                         Audit Committee’s approval are appropriately tabled;
G. Compliance with Legal Requirements
1.   Review and discuss with management, the shareholders’ auditor and
     internal audit, monitor, report and, when appropriate, provide
     recommendation to the Board of Directors on the adequacy of the
     Corporation’s process for complying with laws and regulations.
2.   Receive, on a periodic basis, reports from the Corporation’s Chief Legal
     Officer, with respect to the Corporation’s pending or threatened material
     litigation.

                                                                                                                        BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM | 41
14 Schedule 2 – Audit Committee charter

G. Ensure the proper flow of information to the Audit Committee and review,       IX. Quorum and Voting
   with the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Corporate
                                                                                  Unless otherwise determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of
   Secretary’s Office and, as required, other Officers, the adequacy and
                                                                                  Directors, two members of the Audit Committee shall constitute a quorum for
   timing of materials in support of management’s proposals;
                                                                                  the transaction of business at a meeting. For any meeting(s) at which the Audit
H.   Report to the Board of Directors on the matters reviewed by, and on any      Committee Chair is absent, the Chair of the meeting shall be the person
     decisions or recommendations of, the Audit Committee at the next             present who shall be decided upon by all members present. At a meeting, any
     meeting of the Board of Directors following any meeting of the Audit         question shall be decided by a majority of the votes cast by members of the
     Committee; and                                                               Audit Committee, except where only two members are present, in which case
                                                                                  any question shall be decided unanimously.
I.   Carry out any special assignments or any functions as requested by the
     Board of Directors.                                                          X.   Secretary
                                                                                  Unless otherwise determined by resolution of the Board of Directors, the
VII. Term                                                                         Corporate Secretary of the Corporation or his/her delegate shall be the
The members of the Audit Committee shall be appointed or changed by               Secretary of the Audit Committee.
resolution of the Board of Directors to hold office from the time of their
appointment until the next annual general meeting of the shareholders or until    XI. Vacancies
their successors are so appointed.
                                                                                  Vacancies at any time occurring shall be filled by resolution of the Board of
                                                                                  Directors.
VIII. Procedures for Meetings
The Audit Committee shall fix its own procedure at meetings and for the           XII. Records
calling of meetings. The Audit Committee shall meet separately in executive
session in the absence of management, internal audit and the shareholders’        The Audit Committee shall keep such records as it may deem necessary of its
auditor, at each regularly scheduled meeting.                                     proceedings and shall report regularly its activities and recommendations to the
                                                                                  Board of Directors as appropriate.

42 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
MD&A

                                                                                                                                                                   Exhibit 99.2


Management’s discussion and analysis
In this management’s discussion and analysis (MD&A), we, us, our, BCE and the            In preparing this MD&A, we have taken into account information available to us up to
company mean, as the context may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively,              March 3, 2022, the date of this MD&A, unless otherwise stated.
BCE Inc., Bell Canada, their subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates. Bell
means, as the context may require, either Bell Canada or, collectively, Bell             You will find additional information relating to BCE, including BCE’s audited
Canada, its subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates.                             consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021, BCE’s
                                                                                         annual information form for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated
All amounts in this MD&A are in millions of Canadian dollars, except where noted.        March 3, 2022 (BCE 2021 AIF) and recent financial reports, on BCE’s website at
Please refer to section 11, Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial                 BCE.ca, on SEDAR at sedar.com and on EDGAR at sec.gov.
measures and key performance indicators (KPIs) on pages 121 to 125 for a list of
defined non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and KPIs.                  Documents and other information contained in BCE’s website or in any other site
                                                                                         referred to in BCE’s website or in this MD&A are not part of this MD&A and are not
Please refer to BCE’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended       incorporated by reference herein.
December 31, 2021 when reading this MD&A.
                                                                                         This MD&A comments on our business operations, performance, financial position
                                                                                         and other matters for the two years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
BCE’s 2021 annual report, including this MD&A and, in particular, but without            Unless otherwise indicated by us, forward-looking statements in BCE’s 2021 annual
limitation, section 1.3, Key corporate developments, section 1.4, Capital markets        report, including in this MD&A, describe our expectations as at March 3, 2022 and,
strategy, section 1.6, Environmental, social and governance practices, section 2,        accordingly, are subject to change after that date. Except as may be required by
Strategic imperatives, section 3.2, Business outlook and assumptions, section 5,         applicable securities laws, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise
Business segment analysis and section 6.7, Liquidity of this MD&A, contains              any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without            events or otherwise.
limitation, statements relating to our projected financial performance for 2022,
BCE’s dividend growth objective and 2022 annualized common share dividend and            Forward-looking statements, by their very nature, are subject to inherent risks and
dividend payout ratio level, BCE’s anticipated capital expenditures, network             uncertainties and are based on several assumptions, both general and specific,
deployment plans and the benefits expected to result therefrom, including our            which give rise to the possibility that actual results or events could differ materially
two-year increased capital expenditure acceleration program for the accelerated          from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, such forward-looking statements
expansion of our fibre, Wireless Home Internet (WHI) and Fifth Generation (5G)           and that our business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities may not be
networks, BCE’s financial policy targets, the sources of liquidity we expect to use      achieved. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events,
to meet our anticipated 2022 cash requirements, our expected post-employment             and we caution you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements.
benefit plans funding including an anticipated reduction in contributions to our         Forward-looking statements are presented in BCE’s 2021 annual report, including in
defined benefit (DB) pension plans in 2022, our environmental, social and                this MD&A, for the purpose of assisting investors and others in understanding our
governance (ESG) objectives which include, without limitation, our objectives            objectives, strategic priorities and business outlook as well as our anticipated
concerning diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI), our targeted reductions in the level   operating environment. Readers are cautioned, however, that such information may
of our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions including, without limitation, our plans to        not be appropriate for other purposes.
be carbon neutral for our operational GHG emissions starting in 2025 and to              We have made certain economic, market, operational and other assumptions in
achieve science-based targets (SBTs) by 2030, our objectives concerning                  preparing the forward-looking statements contained in BCE’s 2021 annual report,
reductions in waste to landfill, e-waste recovery, community investment, privacy         including this MD&A, and, in particular, but without limitation, the forward-looking
and information security, corporate governance and ethical business conduct              statements contained in the previously mentioned sections of this MD&A. These
leadership, BCE’s business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities, and      assumptions include, without limitation, the assumptions described in the various
other statements that do not refer to historical facts. A statement we make is           sub-sections of this MD&A entitled Assumptions, which sub-sections are
forward-looking when it uses what we know and expect today to make a statement           incorporated by reference in this cautionary statement. Subject to various factors
about the future. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the words       including, without limitation, the future impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, which
assumption, goal, guidance, objective, outlook, project, strategy, target and other      are difficult to predict, we believe that our assumptions were reasonable at March 3,
similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as aim, anticipate, believe,     2022. If our assumptions turn out to be inaccurate, actual results or events could be
could, expect, intend, may, plan, seek, should, strive and will. All such forward-       materially different from what we expect.
looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbour provisions of applicable
Canadian securities laws and of the United States (U.S.) Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995.


30 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
MD&A

Important risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially       failure to evolve practices to effectively monitor and control fraudulent activities;
from those expressed in, or implied by, the previously-mentioned forward-looking            pension obligation volatility and increased contributions to post-employment benefit
statements and other forward-looking statements contained in BCE’s 2021 annual              plans; unfavourable resolution of legal proceedings and, in particular, class actions;
report, and in particular in this MD&A, include, but are not limited to: the adverse        the failure to develop and implement strong corporate governance practices and
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic including from the restrictive measures                    compliance frameworks and to comply with legal and regulatory obligations; the
implemented or to be implemented as a result thereof and supply chain                       failure to recognize and adequately respond to climate change and other
disruptions; adverse economic and financial market conditions, a declining level of         environmental concerns and expectations; pandemics, epidemics and other health
retail and commercial activity, and the resulting negative impact on the demand for,        risks, including health concerns about radio frequency emissions from wireless
and prices of, our products and services; the intensity of competitive activity             communications devices and equipment; the inability to adequately manage social
including from new and emerging competitors; the level of technological                     issues; and internal factors, such as the failure to implement sufficient corporate and
substitution and the presence of alternative service providers contributing to              business initiatives, as well as various external factors which could challenge our
disruptions and disintermediation in each of our business segments; changing                ability to achieve our ESG targets including, without limitation, those related to GHG
customer behaviour and the expansion of over-the-top (OTT) television (TV) and              emissions reduction and DEI.
other alternative service providers, as well as the fragmentation of, and changes in,
the advertising market; rising content costs and challenges in our ability to acquire       These and other risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ
or develop key content; the proliferation of content piracy; higher Canadian                materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking
smartphone penetration and reduced or slower immigration flow; regulatory                   statements are discussed in this MD&A and, in particular, in section 9, Business
initiatives, proceedings and decisions, government consultations and government             risks of this MD&A.
positions that affect us and influence our business including, without limitation,          Forward-looking statements contained in BCE’s 2021 annual report, including in this
concerning the conditions and prices at which access to our networks may be                 MD&A, for periods beyond 2022 involve longer-term assumptions and estimates
mandated and spectrum may be acquired in auctions; the inability to protect our             than forward-looking statements for 2022 and are consequently subject to greater
physical and non-physical assets from events such as information security attacks,          uncertainty. In particular, our GHG emissions reduction targets are based on a
unauthorized access or entry, fire and natural disasters; the failure to implement          number of assumptions including, without limitation, the following principal
effective data governance; the failure to evolve and transform our networks,                assumptions: implementation of various corporate and business initiatives to reduce
systems and operations using next-generation technologies while lowering our cost           our electricity and fuel consumption, as well as reduce other direct and indirect GHG
structure; the inability to drive a positive customer experience; the failure to attract,   emissions enablers; no new corporate initiatives, business acquisitions or
develop and retain a diverse and talented team capable of furthering our strategic          technologies that would materially increase our anticipated levels of GHG emissions;
imperatives; labour disruptions and shortages; the failure to maintain operational          our ability to purchase sufficient credible carbon credits and renewable energy
networks; the risk that we may need to incur significant unplanned capital                  certificates to offset or further reduce our GHG emissions, if and when required; no
expenditures to provide additional capacity and reduce network congestion; the              negative impact on the calculation of our GHG emissions from refinements in or
complexity of our operations; the failure to implement or maintain highly effective         modifications to international standards or the methodology we use for the
processes and information technology (IT) systems; events affecting the                     calculation of such GHG emissions; no required changes to our SBTs pursuant to
functionality of, and our ability to protect, test, maintain, replace and upgrade, our      the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) methodology that would make the
networks, IT systems, equipment and other facilities; in-orbit and other operational        achievement of our updated SBTs more onerous; and sufficient supplier engagement
risks to which the satellites used to provide our satellite TV services are subject;        and collaboration in setting their own SBTs and sufficient collaboration with partners
our dependence on third-party suppliers, outsourcers, and consultants to provide            in reducing their own GHG emissions.
an uninterrupted supply of the products and services we need; the failure of our
vendor selection, governance and oversight processes, including our management              We caution readers that the risk factors described above and in the previously
of supplier risk in the areas of security, data governance and responsible                  mentioned section and in other sections of this MD&A are not the only ones that
procurement; the quality of our products and services and the extent to which they          could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that
may be subject to defects or fail to comply with applicable government regulations          we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our
and standards; the inability to access adequate sources of capital and generate             business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation. From time to
sufficient cash flows from operating activities to meet our cash requirements, fund         time, we consider potential acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, business
capital expenditures and provide for planned growth; uncertainty as to whether              combinations, investments, monetizations, joint ventures and other transactions,
dividends will be declared by BCE’s board of directors (BCE Board) or whether the           some of which may be significant. Except as otherwise indicated by us, forward-
dividend on common shares will be increased; the inability to manage various                looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any such transactions or of
credit, liquidity and market risks; new or higher taxes due to new tax laws or              special items that may be announced or that may occur after March 3, 2022. The
changes thereto or in the interpretation thereof, and the inability to predict the          financial impact of these transactions and special items can be complex and
outcome of government audits; the failure to reduce costs, as well as unexpected            depends on facts particular to each of them. We therefore cannot describe the
increases in costs, and the inability to generate anticipated benefits from                 expected impact in a meaningful way, or in the same way we present known risks
acquisitions and corporate restructurings; the                                              affecting our business.


                                                                                                                                              BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 31
1 MD&A Overview


1 Overview
COVID-19
BCE’s purpose is to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the                Due to uncertainties relating to the severity and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic
world. Our strategy builds on our longstanding strengths in networks, service            and possible resurgences in the number of COVID-19 cases, including as a result of
innovation and content creation, and positions the company for continued growth          the potential emergence of other variants, and various potential outcomes, it is
and innovation leadership. Through our Bell for Better initiative, we are investing to   difficult at this time to estimate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our
create a better today and a better tomorrow by supporting the social and economic        business or future financial results and related assumptions. Our business and
prosperity of our communities. With our connectivity initiatives from the smallest       financial results could continue to be unfavourably impacted, and could again
rural communities to the largest cities, investments in mental health initiatives,       become more significantly and negatively impacted, in future periods, including,
environmental sustainability and an engaged workplace, we look to create a               among others, as a result of global supply chain challenges adversely affecting our
thriving, prosperous and more connected world for Canadians across the country,          wireless and wireline product revenues.
especially as we recover from the unprecedented challenges of the
COVID-19 pandemic. Through our capital expenditure acceleration program, we              In addition, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to adversely
are delivering more connections to help Canada’s social and economic recovery            impact us will depend on future developments that are difficult to predict, including
from the COVID-19 pandemic.                                                              the prevalence of COVID-19 variants that are more contagious and may lead to
                                                                                         increased health risks, the timely distribution of effective vaccines and treatments,
Our financial and operating performance saw a steady improvement in 2021                 the potential development and distribution of new vaccines and treatments,
despite the continued adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic experienced               vaccination hesitancy and the number of individuals who choose to remain
throughout the year, due to our strong operational execution and the easing of           unvaccinated, the time required to achieve broad immunity, as well as new
government restrictions in the second half of the year. It has been almost two years     information which may emerge concerning the severity and duration of the
since the pandemic began affecting our performance and we have since adapted             COVID-19 pandemic, including the number and intensity of resurgences in
many aspects of our business to better operate in this environment. Additionally,        COVID-19 cases, and the actions required to contain the coronavirus or remedy its
compared to 2020, the effects of the pandemic on our year-over-year performance          impacts, among others. Any of the risks referred to in this MD&A, and others arising
were considerably reduced, with Q2 2020 being the quarter most significantly             from the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
affected by the pandemic. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, although                 financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation.
moderated, continued to unfavourably affect Bell Wireless product and roaming
revenues, Bell Media advertising revenues, as well as Bell Wireline business
market equipment revenues, due to reduced commercial activity as a result of the
government restrictions put in place to combat the pandemic, particularly in the first
half of the year, and the global supply chain challenges experienced in the second
half of the year.


32 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview



1.1 Introduction
AT A GLANCE
BCE is Canada’s largest communications company, providing residential, business     Bell Wireline provides data, including Internet access and Internet protocol television
and wholesale customers with a wide range of solutions for all their                (IPTV), local telephone, long distance, as well as other communication services and
communications needs. BCE’s shares are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock         products to our residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise
Exchange and on the New York Stock Exchange (TSX, NYSE: BCE).                       customers, primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, while
                                                                                    satellite TV service and connectivity to business customers are available nationally
Our results are reported in three segments: Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell   across Canada. In addition, this segment includes our wholesale business, which
Media.                                                                              buys and sells local telephone, long distance, data and other services from or to
Bell Wireless provides wireless voice and data communication products and           resellers and other carriers.
services to our residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise   Bell Media provides conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV, streaming services,
customers as well as consumer electronics products across Canada.                   digital media services, radio broadcasting services and out-of-home (OOH)
                                                                                    advertising services to customers nationally across Canada.

BCE is Canada’s largest                                                             We also hold investments in a number of other assets, including:
                                                                                    • a 28% indirect equity interest in Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE)
communications company                                                              • a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel Inc. (Glentel)
                                                                                    • an 18.4% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal Canadiens
BCE’s business segments                                                               Hockey Club, evenko and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec, as well as Place
At December 31, 2021                                                                  Bell in Laval, Québec




                                                                                                                                        BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 33
1 MD&A Overview


BCE 2021 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

Operating revenues                                                                  Net earnings                                                                 Adjusted EBITDA (1)


$23,449
million
                                                                                    $2,892
                                                                                    million
                                                                                                                                                                 $9,893
                                                                                                                                                                 million
+2.5% vs. 2020                                                                      +7.2% vs. 2020                                                               +3.0% vs. 2020


Net earnings attributable                                     Adjusted net earnings (1)                                 Cash flows from                                            Free cash flow (1)
to common shareholders                                                                                                  operating activities


$2,709
million
                                                              $2,895
                                                              million
                                                                                                                        $8,008
                                                                                                                        million
                                                                                                                                                                                   $2,995
                                                                                                                                                                                   million
+8.4% vs. 2020                                                +6.0% vs. 2020                                            +3.3% vs. 2020                                             (10.5%) vs. 2020



BCE CUSTOMER CONNECTIONS

Wireless                                                      Retail high-speed                                         Retail TV (4)                                              Retail residential network
Total mobile phones (2)                                       Internet (3)                                                                                                         access services (NAS) lines


+3.2%
9.5 million subscribers
                                                              +4.2%
                                                              3.9 million subscribers
                                                                                                                        (0.1%)
                                                                                                                        2.7 million subscribers
                                                                                                                                                                                   (7.5%)
                                                                                                                                                                                   2.3 million subscribers
at the end of 2021                                            at the end of 2021                                        at the end of 2021                                         at the end of 2021



OUR PURPOSE
BCE’s purpose is to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world. Our strategy builds on our longstanding strengths in networks, service innovation and
content creation, and positions the company for continued growth and innovation leadership. Our primary business objectives are to grow our subscriber base profitably and
to maximize revenues, operating profit, free cash flow and return on invested capital by further enhancing our position as the foremost provider in Canada of comprehensive
communications services to residential, business and wholesale customers, and as Canada’s leading content creation company. We seek to take advantage of opportunities
to leverage our networks, infrastructure, sales channels, and brand and marketing resources across our various lines of business to create value for our customers and other
stakeholders.
Our strategy is centred on our disciplined focus and execution of six strategic imperatives that position us to deliver continued success in a fast-changing communications
marketplace. The six strategic imperatives that underlie BCE’s business plan are:


Bell’s                                                       Build the                                                     Drive growth with                                             Deliver the most
six strategic                                                best networks                                                 innovative services                                           compelling content
imperatives
                                                                                                                                                                                         Engage and invest in
                                                             Champion                                                      Operate with agility                                          our people and create
                                                             customer experience                                           and cost efficiency                                           a sustainable future

In 2022, we embedded our focus on creating a more sustainable future directly into our six strategic imperatives, reflecting our long-standing commitment to the highest ESG
standards. As one of Canada’s largest companies, we are driven to continually improve our impact and our contribution to society with our connectivity commitments,
investments in mental health initiatives, environmental sustainability and an engaged workplace.

(1) Adjusted EBITDA is a total of segments measure, and adjusted net earnings and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures. See section 11.3, Total of segments measures and section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial
    measures in this MD&A for more information on these measures.
(2) Effective January 1, 2021, we changed our wireless operating metrics to reflect our revised approach to reporting wireless subscriber units. Consequently, we are now reporting in two categories, mobile phone subscriber units
    and mobile connected device subscriber units (e.g. tablets, wearables and mobile Internet devices). Additionally, mobile connected device subscribers now include previously undisclosed Internet of Things (IoT) units (e.g.
    connected telematics services, monitoring devices, connected cars and fleet management solutions). These changes are consistent with the way we manage our business, reflect our focus on mobile phone subscribers and
    align to industry peers. As a result, previously reported 2020 subscribers and associated operating metrics (gross and net activations (losses) and churn) have been restated for comparability. See section 11.6, KPIs, in this
    MD&A for more details.
(3) At the beginning of Q1 2021, our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base was increased by 4,778 subscribers due to the transfer of fixed wireless Internet subscribers from our mobile connected devices subscriber base.
(4) At the beginning of Q1 2021, we adjusted our satellite TV subscriber base to remove 6,125 non-revenue generating units.

34 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview



1.2 About BCE
We report the results of our operations in three segments: Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media. We describe our product lines by segment below, to provide further
insight into our operations.



OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

Bell Wireless
SEGMENT DESCRIPTION                                                                                                OUR BRANDS INCLUDE
• Provides integrated digital wireless voice and data communication products and
  services to residential and business customers across Canada
• Includes the results of operations of Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility) and our
  national consumer electronics retailer, The Source (Bell) Electronics Inc. (The
  Source)



OUR NETWORKS AND REACH                                                                                         We have more than 6,000 retail points of distribution across Canada, including
                                                                                                               approximately 1,100 Bell, Virgin Plus, Lucky Mobile (Lucky) and The Source
We hold wireless spectrum licences, with holdings across various spectrum bands
                                                                                                               locations, as well as Glentel-operated locations (WIRELESSWAVE, Tbooth wireless
and regions across Canada, totalling more than 6.4 billion megahertz per
                                                                                                               and WIRELESS etc.) and other third-party dealer and retail locations.
population (MHz-Pop), corresponding to an average of approximately
182 megahertz (MHz) of spectrum per Canadian.
                                                                                                               OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
The vast majority of our cell towers are connected with fibre, the latest network
infrastructure technology, for a faster and more reliable connection.                                          • Data and voice plans: From plans focused on affordability to premium services,
                                                                                                                 we have plans that cater to all customer segments, available on either postpaid or
Our Fourth Generation (4G) Long-term Evolution (LTE) and LTE Advanced (LTE-A)                                    prepaid options, including unlimited data, shareable, device financing plans and
nationwide wireless broadband networks are compatible with global standards and                                  Connect Everything plans. Our services provide fast Internet access for video,
deliver high-quality and reliable voice and high-speed data services to virtually all                            social networking, messaging and mobile applications, as well as a host of call
of the Canadian population. Our 5G network, the next generation of wireless                                      features.
technology, is available in cities, towns and communities across Canada, with full                             • Specialized plans: for tablets, smartwatches, Connected Car, trackers, laptops,
deployment over the next few years. Our LTE network will be the backbone for our                                 security cameras and mobile Internet
5G network as it expands across Canada.
                                                                                                               • Extensive selection of devices: the latest 5G, 4G LTE and LTE-A smartphones,
• LTE coverage of over 99% of Canada’s population coast to coast, with LTE-A                                     tablets, smartwatches, mobile Internet hubs and sticks, mobile Internet devices
  covering approximately 96% of Canada’s population and 5G covering over 70%                                     and connected things (Bell Connected Car, trackers, connected home, lifestyle
  of Canada’s population at December 31, 2021                                                                    products and virtual reality)
• Peak theoretical mobile data access download speeds: 5G, up to 1.7 gigabit(s)                                • Travel: roaming services with other wireless service providers in more than
  per second (Gbps) (average expected speeds of 69 to 385 megabits per second                                    230 outbound destinations worldwide with LTE roaming in 208 outbound
  (Mbps) in the Greater Toronto Area (GTA)); LTE-A, up to 1.5 Gbps (1) (average                                  destinations and 5G roaming in several international destinations, Roam Better
  expected speeds of 25 to 325 Mbps); LTE, up to 150 Mbps (expected average                                      feature and Travel Passes
  speeds of 18 to 40 Mbps); high-speed packet access plus (HSPA+), up to
  42 Mbps (expected average speeds of 7 to 14 Mbps) (2)                                                        • Mobile business solutions: push-to-talk, field service management, worker
                                                                                                                 safety and mobility management
• Reverts to LTE/LTE-A technology and speeds when customers are outside 5G
  coverage areas                                                                                               • IoT solutions: asset management,                      smart     buildings,     smart     cities,   fleet
                                                                                                                 management and other IoT services
• Bell also operates a LTE-category M1 (LTE-M) network, which is a subset of our
  LTE network, supporting low-power IoT applications with enhanced coverage,
  longer device battery life and lower costs for IoT devices connecting to Bell’s
  national network. Our LTE-M network is available in most Canadian provinces.




(1) Peak theoretical download speeds of up to 1.5 Gbps on LTE-A are currently available in Kingston, Waterloo, Toronto, Mississauga, Vaughan, Richmond Hill, Markham, Brampton, North Bay, Niagara-on-the-Lake, Cambridge,
    Pickering, Ajax, Burlington, Guelph, London, Niagara Falls, Oakville, St. Catharines, Thorold, Thunder Bay, Welland and Ottawa. Compatible device required.
(2) Network speeds vary with location, signal and customer device. Compatible device required.

                                                                                                                                                                             BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 35
1 MD&A Overview


Bell Wireline
SEGMENT DESCRIPTION                                                                       OUR BRANDS INCLUDE
• Provides data, including Internet access and IPTV, voice, comprising local
  telephone and long distance, as well as other communication services and
  products to residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise
  customers, primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba,
  while satellite TV service and connectivity to business customers are available
  nationally across Canada. We also offer competitive local exchange carrier
  (CLEC) services in Alberta and British Columbia.
• Includes the results of our wholesale business, which buys and sells local
  telephone, long distance, data and other services from or to resellers and other
  carriers, and the wireline operations of Northwestel Inc. (Northwestel), which
  provides telecommunications services in Canada’s Northern Territories


                                                                                        • TV: IPTV services (Fibe TV, Fibe TV app and Virgin Plus TV) and satellite TV
OUR NETWORKS AND REACH                                                                    service. Bell Fibe TV provides extensive content options with full high-definition
• Extensive local access network in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and           (HD) and 4K resolution (4K) Whole Home personal video recorder (PVR), 4K Ultra
  Manitoba, as well as in Canada’s Northern Territories                                   HD programming, on-demand content and innovative features including wireless
                                                                                          receivers, the Fibe TV app, Restart and access to Crave, Netflix, Prime Video and
• Broadband fibre network, consisting of fibre-to-the-premise (FTTP) and                  YouTube. The Fibe TV app live TV streaming service offers live and on-demand
  fibre-to-the-node (FTTN) locations, covering approximately 10 million homes and         programming on Bell Streamer, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Google Chromecast,
  businesses in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba. Our FTTP            smartphones, tablets, computers and other devices with no traditional TV set-top
  direct fibre footprint encompassed approximately 6.2 million homes and                  box (STB) required. Bell Streamer is a 4K high dynamic range (HDR) streaming
  commercial locations at the end of 2021, representing the largest FTTP footprint        device powered by Android TV offering all-in-one access to the Fibe TV app,
  in Canada.                                                                              support for all major streaming services and access to thousands of apps on
• Wireless-to-the-premise (WTTP) footprint covering approximately 1 million               Google Play. We also offer an app-based live TV streaming service branded as
  locations primarily in rural areas. WTTP is 5G-capable fixed wireless technology        Virgin Plus TV.
  delivered over Bell’s LTE wireless network that provides broadband residential        • Home Phone: local telephone service, long distance and advanced calling
  Internet access to smaller and underserved communities.                                 features
• Largest Internet protocol (IP) multi-protocol label switching footprint of any        • Smart Home: home security, monitoring and automation services from Bell Smart
  Canadian provider, enabling us to offer business customers a virtual private            Home
  network (VPN) service for IP traffic and to optimize bandwidth for real-time voice
  and TV                                                                                • Bundles: multi-product bundles of Internet, TV, home phone and smart home
                                                                                          services with monthly discounts
• Approximately 700 Bell and Virgin Plus locations
                                                                                        BUSINESS
OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
                                                                                        • Internet and private networks: business Internet, Ethernet, IP VPN, Wavelength,
RESIDENTIAL                                                                               global network solutions, software-defined solutions
• Internet: high-speed Internet access through fibre optic broadband technology,        • Communications: IP telephony, local and long distance, audio, video and web
  5G-capable WTTP technology or digital subscriber line (DSL) with a wide range           conferencing and webcasting, contact centre solutions
  of options, including reliable Wi-Fi, unlimited usage, security services and mobile
  Internet. Our Internet service, marketed as Fibe Internet, offers total download      • Cloud: cloud computing, cloud connect, cloud backup and disaster recovery,
  access speeds of up to 1.5 Gbps with FTTP or download speeds of up to                   cloud managed services
  100 Mbps with FTTN, while our WHI fixed wireless service currently delivers           • Other: security, managed services, professional services
  broadband download speeds of up to 50 Mbps. We also offer Internet service
  under the Virgin Plus brand offering download speeds of up to 100 Mbps.

36 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


Bell Media
SEGMENT DESCRIPTION                                                                    OUR BRANDS INCLUDE
• Canada’s leading content creation company with premier assets in TV, radio and
  OOH, monetized through traditional and digital platforms
• Revenues are derived primarily from advertising and subscriber fees
  • Conventional TV, radio and OOH revenues are derived from advertising
  • Specialty TV revenue is generated from subscription fees and advertising
  • Pay TV revenue is derived from subscription fees




OUR ASSETS AND REACH                                                                • SHOWTIME: content licensing and trademark agreement for past, present and
                                                                                      future SHOWTIME-owned programming
TV
                                                                                    • STARZ: long-term agreement with Lionsgate for premium STARZ programming in
• 35 conventional TV stations including CTV, Canada’s #1 network for
                                                                                      Canada
  20 consecutive years, #1 Canadian AVOD platform and leading digital news
  destination ctvnews.ca, and the French-language Noovo network in Québec,          • iHeartRadio: exclusive partnership for digital and streaming music services in
  including its popular advertising-based video on demand (AVOD) platform and         Canada
  recently launched digital news destination Noovo.info
• 27 specialty TV channels, including TSN, Canada’s most-watched sports             OTHER ASSETS
  channel and RDS, the top French-language sports network                           • Majority stake in Pinewood Toronto Studios, the largest purpose-built production
• 4 pay TV services and 4 direct-to-consumer (DTC) streaming services, including      studio in Canada
  Crave, the exclusive home of HBO in Canada, TSN Direct and RDS Direct             • Partnership in Just for Laughs, the live comedy event and TV producer
                                                                                    • Equity interest in Dome Productions Partnership, one of North America’s leading
RADIO                                                                                 providers of sports and other event production and broadcast facilities
• 109 licensed radio stations in 58 markets across Canada, all available through    • Minority interest in Montréal’s Grandé Studios, a Montréal-based multipurpose TV,
  the iHeartRadio app alongside an extensive catalogue of podcasts                    film and equipment company which provides production facilities, equipment
                                                                                      rentals, and technical services
OOH ADVERTISING
                                                                                    • Operations of Montréal’s Octane Racing Group Inc., promoter of the F1 Canadian
• Network of more than 50,000 advertising faces in key urban markets across           Grand Prix, the largest annual sports and tourism event in the country
  Canada
                                                                                    OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
BROADCAST RIGHTS
                                                                                    • Varied and extensive array of video content to broadcast distributors across
• Sports: long-term media rights to key sports properties and official Canadian       Canada
  broadcaster of the Super Bowl, Grey Cup and International Ice Hockey
  Federation (IIHF) World Junior Championship. Live sports coverage includes the    • Advertising on our TV, radio and OOH properties to both local and national
  Toronto Maple Leafs, Montréal Canadiens, Winnipeg Jets and Ottawa Senators,         advertisers across a wide range of industry sectors
  Canadian Football League (CFL), National Football League (NFL), National          • Crave bilingual subscription-based on-demand TV streaming service offering a
  Basketball Association (NBA), Major League Soccer (MLS), Fédération                 large collection of premium content in one place, including HBO, HBO Max,
  Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) World Cup events, Curling’s           SHOWTIME, STARZ and Super Écran programming, on STBs, mobile devices,
  Season of Champions, Major League Baseball (MLB), Golf’s Majors, NASCAR             streaming devices and online. Crave is offered through a number of Canadian TV
  Cup Series, Formula 1 (F1), Grand Slam Tennis, Ultimate Fighting                    providers and is available directly to all Canadian Internet subscribers as an OTT
  Championship (UFC), National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), March          service.
  Madness and more.
                                                                                    • TSN Direct and RDS Direct streaming services offering live and on-demand TSN
• HBO: long-term agreement to deliver all current-season, past-season and library     and RDS content directly to consumers through an annual, monthly or single-day
  HBO programming in Canada exclusively on our linear, on-demand and OTT              subscription on computers, tablets, mobile devices, Apple TV and other streaming
  platforms                                                                           devices
• HBO Max: long-term exclusive agreement to deliver original, non-children’s
  programming produced by Warner Bros. Television Group for HBO Max

                                                                                                                                    BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 37
1 MD&A Overview


Other BCE investments
BCE also holds investments in a number of other assets, including:
• a 28% indirect equity interest in MLSE, a sports and entertainment company that owns several sports teams, including the Toronto Maple
  Leafs, the Toronto Raptors, Toronto FC and the Toronto Argonauts, as well as real estate and entertainment assets in Toronto
• a 50% indirect equity interest in Glentel, a Canadian-based connected services retailer
• an 18.4% indirect equity interest in entities that operate the Montréal Canadiens Hockey Club, evenko (a promoter and producer of cultural
  and sports events) and the Bell Centre in Montréal, Québec, as well as Place Bell in Laval, Québec



OUR PEOPLE

EMPLOYEES
At the end of 2021, our team consisted of
49,781 employees, a decrease of 923 employees
compared to the end of 2020, attributable to natural
attrition, retirements and workforce reductions, offset
in part by call centre hiring.
Approximately 39% of total BCE employees were
represented by labour unions at December 31, 2021.




BELL CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT
The ethical business conduct of our people is core to the integrity with which we operate our business. The Bell Code of Business Conduct sets out specific expectations and
accountabilities, providing employees with practical guidelines to conduct business in an ethical manner. Our commitment to the Code of Business Conduct is renewed by
employees each year in an ongoing effort to ensure that all employees are aware of, and adhere to, Bell’s standards of conduct.



1.3 Key corporate developments
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our capital expenditure acceleration program and certain of our ESG objectives. Refer to the section
Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.



CAPITAL EXPENDITURE ACCELERATION PROGRAM
In 2021, Bell commenced its program to accelerate the rollout of its broadband fibre and wireless networks with a $1.7 billion acceleration in capital expenditures over the
next two years to help drive Canada’s recovery from the COVID-19 crisis. Enabled by a positive investment climate reflecting government support for infrastructure
development, this $1.7 billion capital expenditure acceleration is in addition to the approximately $4 billion in capital expenditures that Bell has typically spent each year on
network infrastructure and expansion over the last decade, and will significantly increase the connections in localities across Canada. Bell spent approximately $800 million
of this additional capital expenditure in 2021 to deliver approximately 1.1 million new direct fibre and WHI locations and expand mobile 5G coverage to more than 70% of
Canadians. In 2022, our capital expenditures will include $900 million in accelerated capital expenditures to reach up to 900,000 more homes and businesses with direct
fibre connections, expand the reach of our national 5G network to more than 80% of the national population, further densify our wireless network with new 5G sites to meet
growing customer usage requirements, and enable the launch of a 5G standalone core leveraging 3500 MHz spectrum that will drive enhanced speeds, lower latency and
enable next-generation services.


ACQUISITION OF ADDITIONAL HIGH-VALUE 3500 MHZ WIRELESS SPECTRUM
Bell acquired significant additional mid-band, flexible-use 3500 MHz wireless spectrum – critical to enabling the full potential of 5G – in ISED’s Canadian spectrum auction
completed in July 2021. Bell acquired 271 licences in a number of urban and rural markets for 678 million MHz-Pop of 3500 MHz spectrum for $2.07 billion. Essential to
Canada’s ongoing transition to 5G communications, these high-capacity airwaves extend Bell’s leadership in delivering enhanced 5G digital experiences to Canadian
consumers and businesses in urban, rural and remote communities. This acquisition increases Bell’s total 3500 MHz spectrum holdings to 1,690 million MHz-Pop.
38 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


LAUNCH OF BELL FOR BETTER INITIATIVE
In June 2021, Bell launched Bell for Better, our long-term commitment to create         Better communities
better outcomes for all stakeholders, including Canadian communities everywhere,        • Target to invest up to $14 billion in capital expenditures from 2020 to 2022 to
employees, customers and shareholders. With our connectivity initiatives from the         deliver faster and better connectivity to more Canadians
smallest rural communities to the largest cities, investments in mental health
initiatives, environmental sustainability and an engaged workplace, Bell looks to       • Connect rural and underserved communities by making fast and reliable WHI
create a thriving, prosperous and more connected world for Canadians across the           available to 1 million households in rural communities
country, especially as we recover from the unprecedented challenges of the              • Invest in Canadian innovation with a historical industry-leading amount of
COVID-19 crisis. With Bell for Better, Bell is underscoring its objective to achieve      approximately $500 million in research and development capital expenditures
the highest ESG standards based on three pillars:                                         annually
Better world                                                                            • Donate refurbished company computers, printers and other electronic devices to
• Target to reduce GHG emissions by 2030 in line with the Paris Climate                   schools through the national Computers for Success Plus program
  Agreement and the SBTi, and to achieve carbon neutral operations by 2025. Bell        Better workplace
  is the first communications company in North America to receive ISO
  50001 certification for energy management and has been named one of                   • Foster an inclusive culture, building on its recognition as one of the largest and
  Canada’s Greenest Employers for five straight years.                                    Best Employers in Canada, including one of the Best Diversity Employers,
                                                                                          Greenest Employers, Top Family-Friendly Employers and a Montréal Top
• Continue to lead the industry and corporate Canada in mental health with                Employer
  $155 million committed to mental health initiatives by 2025 through Bell Let’s
  Talk, Canada’s largest-ever corporate commitment to mental health                     • Enable the next generation of Bell leaders through our Graduate Leadership
                                                                                          Programs, building on its recognition as a Top Employer for Young People
• Bell was the first Canadian telecom company to launch a sustainability bond
  offering, part of a new Sustainable Financing Framework that builds ESG               • Encourage diversity at the top, targeting at least 35% gender diverse
  considerations into our investment decisions                                            representation in executive positions (vice-president and above) by the end of
                                                                                          2023, and Black, Indigenous and People of Colour (BIPOC) representation on our
                                                                                          senior management team of at least 25% by 2025



ACQUISITION OF INTERNET PROVIDER EBOX
On February 24, 2022, Bell announced its acquisition of EBOX, an independent Internet, telephone and television service provider based in Longueuil, Québec. Bell will
maintain the EBOX brand and operations, and EBOX will continue providing telecommunications options for consumers and businesses in Québec and parts of Ontario. As
part of its commitment to provide Québec residents with fast and reliable telecommunications services now and in the future, Bell invests heavily in network infrastructure
and expansion throughout urban and rural Québec. Under Bell, EBOX will benefit from the resources, scale and access to the technology needed to support the growth of
the business and continue delivering improvements to the great services at competitive prices that have earned EBOX loyal customers over the past 25 years. The
acquisition is expected to accelerate growth in Bell’s residential and small business customers. The results of the acquired business will be included in our Bell Wireline
segment.



1.4 Capital markets strategy
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to BCE’s           We seek to deliver sustainable shareholder returns through consistent dividend
dividend growth objective, 2022 annualized common share dividend, dividend              growth. This objective is underpinned by substantial free cash flow generation and a
payout ratio level and financial policy targets, and our business outlook, objectives   strong balance sheet, supporting a significant ongoing capital investment on
and plans. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at         advanced broadband networks and services that are essential to driving the long-
the beginning of this MD&A.                                                             term growth of our business.

                                                                                                                                        BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 39
1 MD&A Overview


DIVIDEND GROWTH AND PAYOUT POLICY

Dividend yield (1)                                                           2022 dividend increase                                                    Dividend payout (2) policy


5.3%
in 2021
                                                                             +5.1%
                                                                             to $3.68 per common share
                                                                                                                                                       65%–75%
                                                                                                                                                       of free cash flow

On February 3, 2022, we announced a 5.1%, or 18 cents, increase in the                                             the declaration of dividends are subject to the discretion of the BCE Board and,
annualized dividend payable on BCE’s common shares for 2022 to $3.68 per                                           consequently, there can be no guarantee that BCE’s dividend policy will be
share from $3.50 per share in 2021, starting with the quarterly dividend payable on                                maintained, that the dividend on common shares will be increased or that dividends
April 15, 2022. This is BCE’s 14th consecutive year of 5% or better dividend                                       will be declared. In 2021, our dividend payout ratio was 105%, which is higher than
growth.                                                                                                            our policy range due to a planned acceleration in capital expenditures and the
                                                                                                                   financial impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Due mainly to another planned
Our objective is to seek to achieve dividend growth while maintaining our dividend                                 acceleration in capital expenditures this year, BCE’s dividend payout ratio is
payout ratio within the target policy range of 65% to 75% of free cash flow and                                    expected to remain above our target policy range in 2022.
balancing our strategic business priorities. BCE’s dividend payout policy, increases
in the common share dividend and



EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ALIGNMENT
BCE’s management equity-based incentive plans are structured to maximize shareholder value, share price and capital returns, as well as delivering on our goal of
advancing how Canadians connect with each other and the world, through the successful execution of our six strategic imperatives. We have a strong alignment of interest
between shareholders and our management’s equity-based incentive plans.


Best practices                                      • Stringent share ownership requirements
adopted by                                          • Emphasis on pay at risk for executive compensation
BCE for executive                                   • Double trigger change-in-control policy
compensation
                                                    • Anti-hedging policy on share ownership and incentive compensation
                                                    • Clawbacks for the President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and all Executive
                                                      Vice-Presidents as well as all option holders
                                                    • Caps on BCE supplemental executive retirement plans and annual bonus payouts, in addition
                                                      to mid-term and long-term incentive grants
                                                    • Vesting criteria fully aligned to shareholder interests


USE OF LIQUIDITY
Consistent with our capital markets objective to deliver sustainable shareholder                                   • Voluntary contributions to BCE’s DB pension plans to improve the funded position
returns through dividend growth, while maintaining planned levels of capital                                         of the plans and reduce the use of letters of credit for funding deficits
investment, investment-grade credit ratings and considerable overall financial                                     • Share buybacks through normal course issuer bid programs
flexibility, we deploy excess free cash flow (3) in a balanced manner and on uses
that include, but are not limited to:                                                                              In 2021, excess free cash flow was negative $137 million, down from $373 million in
• Funding of strategic acquisitions and investments (including wireless spectrum                                   2020. The year-over-year decrease was primarily attributable to higher capital
  purchases) that support the growth of our business                                                               expenditures consistent with our 2-year capital expenditure acceleration program to
                                                                                                                   accelerate the rollout of Bell’s 5G, fibre and rural WHI networks. This increase in
• Debt reduction                                                                                                   capital expenditures compared to 2020 more than offset cash flows from operating
                                                                                                                   activities of $8,008 million, which increased by $254 million year-over-year.




(1) Annualized dividend per BCE common share divided by BCE’s share price at the end of the year.
(2) Dividend payout ratio is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to section 11.2, Non-GAAP ratios in this MD&A for more information on this measure.
(3) Excess free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

40 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN PERFORMANCE

Five-year total                                                       One-year total
shareholder return (1)                                                shareholder return (1)


+48.5%
2017–2021
                                                                      +27.9%
                                                                      2021


FIVE-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL VALUE OF A $100 INVESTMENT (2)
DECEMBER 31, 2016 – DECEMBER 31, 2021

                                                                                                                           This graph compares the yearly change in the cumulative annual total
                                                                                                                           shareholder return of BCE common shares against the cumulative annual total
                                                                                                                           return of the S&P/TSX Composite Index (3), for the five-year period ending
                                                                                                                           December 31, 2021, assuming an initial investment of $100 on
                                                                                                                           December 31, 2016 and the quarterly reinvestment of all dividends.

                                                                                                                           ● BCE common shares            ● S&P/TSX Composite Index


STRONG CAPITAL STRUCTURE
BCE’s balance sheet is underpinned by a healthy available liquidity (4) position of approximately $3.4 billion at the end of 2021, comprised of $207 million in cash,
$400 million available under our securitized trade receivable program and $2.8 billion available under our $3.5 billion committed bank credit facilities, and an investment-
grade credit profile, providing the company with a solid financial foundation and a high level of overall financial flexibility. BCE has an attractive long-term debt maturity profile
with no material maturities until the first quarter of 2023. We continue to monitor the capital markets for opportunities to lower our cost of debt and optimize our cost of
capital. We seek to proactively manage financial risk in terms of currency exposure of our U.S. dollar-denominated purchases, as well as equity risk exposure under BCE’s
long-term equity-based incentive plans and interest rate and foreign currency exposure under our various debt instruments. We also seek to maintain investment-grade
credit ratings with stable outlooks.


ATTRACTIVE LONG-TERM PUBLIC                                                        STRONG LIQUIDITY POSITION (5)                                                INVESTMENT GRADE
DEBT MATURITY PROFILE (5)                                                          • $2,789 million available under our $3.5 billion                            CREDIT PROFILE (5) (6)
• Average term of Bell Canada’s publicly issued debt                                 multi-year committed credit facilities                                     • Long-term debt credit rating of BBB (high) by
  securities: approximately 12.8 years                                             • $400 million accounts receivable securitization                              DBRS Limited (DBRS), Baa 1 by Moody’s
• Average after-tax cost of publicly issued debt                                     available capacity                                                           Investors Service, Inc. (Moody’s) and BBB+ by
  securities: 2.8%                                                                                                                                                S&P, all with stable outlooks
                                                                                   • $207 million cash
• No material publicly issued debt securities maturing
  until Q1 2023




(1) Shareholder return is defined as the change in BCE’s common share price for a specified period plus BCE common share dividends reinvested, divided by BCE’s common share price at the beginning of the period.
(2) Based on BCE’s common share price on the TSX and assuming the reinvestment of dividends.
(3) As the headline index for the Canadian equity market, the S&P/TSX Composite Index is the primary gauge against which to measure total shareholder return for Canadian-based, TSX-listed companies.
(4) Available liquidity is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures in this MD&A for more information on this measure.
(5) As at December 31, 2021
(6) These credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of the securities referred to, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the rating
    agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor. Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.

                                                                                                                                                                                        BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 41
1 MD&A Overview

We monitor our capital structure by utilizing a number of measures, including net                            business and operations, including enabling us to maintain Bell Canada as the sole
debt leverage ratio (1), adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio (1),                         public debt issuer in BCE’s corporate structure.
and dividend payout ratio.
                                                                                                             Bell Canada successfully accessed the debt capital markets in March 2021,
As a result of financing a number of strategic acquisitions made since 2010,                                 May 2021 and August 2021, raising a total of $2.05 billion in gross proceeds from
including CTV Inc. (CTV), Astral Media Inc. (Astral), MLSE, Bell Aliant Inc. and                             the issuance in Canada of medium-term note (MTN) debentures, and $2.35 billion in
Manitoba Telecom Services Inc. (MTS); voluntary pension plan funding                                         U.S. dollars ($2.94 billion in Canadian dollars) in gross proceeds from the issuance
contributions to reduce our pension solvency deficit; wireless spectrum purchases;                           of notes in the U.S. Both the Canadian-dollar and U.S.-dollar issuances contributed
as well as a one-time unfavourable impact in 2019 due to the adoption of IFRS 16                             to modestly lowering our after-tax cost of outstanding publicly issued debt securities
that added $2.3 billion of lease liabilities to net debt (1) on our balance sheet on                         to approximately 2.8% (3.8% on a pre-tax basis), and increasing the average term to
January 1, 2019, our net debt leverage ratio has increased above our internal                                maturity to 12.8 years. The net proceeds of the 2021 offerings were used to fund the
target range. At December 31, 2021, our net debt leverage ratio was 3.18 times                               early redemption of $1.7 billion of Bell Canada MTN debentures maturing in 2022, to
adjusted EBITDA, which exceeded the upper end of our internal target range by                                fund part of the $2.07 billion cost of 3500 MHz spectrum licences Bell secured
0.68.                                                                                                        pursuant to the Canadian spectrum auction completed in July 2021, to finance or
                                                                                                             re-finance, in whole or in part, new and/or existing green and social eligible
BCE’s adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio at the end of 2021                              investments as set out in BCE’s Sustainable Financing Framework, to repay short-
remained above our internal target range of greater than 7.5 times adjusted                                  term debt and for general corporate purposes.
EBITDA at 8.77, providing good predictability in our debt service costs and
protection from interest rate volatility.                                                                    Subsequent to year end, on February 11, 2022, Bell Canada issued 3.65% Series
                                                                                                             US-7 Notes with a principal amount of $750 million in U.S. dollars ($954 million in
BCE CREDIT RATIOS                                              INTERNAL TARGET    DECEMBER 31, 2021
                                                                                                             Canadian dollars), which mature on August 15, 2052. The net proceeds of the
Net debt leverage ratio                                                2.0–2.5                3.18           offering are intended to be used towards the cost of funding, on March 16, 2022, the
Adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net                                                                              redemption, prior to maturity, of Bell Canada’s 3.35% Series M-26 MTN debentures,
   interest expense ratio                                                 >7.5                8.77           with early debt redemption charges of $18 million. The M-26 MTN debentures have
                                                                                                             an outstanding principal amount of $1 billion and were due on March 22, 2023.
In 2021, Bell Canada successfully completed a proxy solicitation with respect to
proposed amendments to its trust indenture dated July 1, 1976. The amendments,                               In addition, subsequent to year end, on February 24, 2022, BCE announced its
which were approved at a special meeting of holders of debentures on                                         intention to redeem all of its outstanding Cumulative Redeemable First Preferred
November 12, 2021, align the 1976 Indenture more closely with current and                                    Shares, Series AO (Series AO Preferred Shares) on March 31, 2022 at a redemption
generally accepted market practice in Canada for investment-grade senior                                     price of $25.00 per Series AO Preferred Share, for a total amount of $115 million.
unsecured debt and provide Bell Canada with more flexibility with respect to raising
capital to finance its



1.5 Corporate governance and risk management
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PHILOSOPHY
The Board and management of BCE believe that strong corporate governance practices contribute to superior results in creating and maintaining shareholder value. That is
why we continually seek to strengthen our leadership in corporate governance and ethical business conduct by adopting best practices, and providing full transparency and
accountability to our shareholders. The Board is responsible for the supervision of the business and affairs of the company.
Below are our key Board information and governance best practices:

   ✓    Directors are ALL Independent (except CEO)                                                              ✓      Directors’ Tenure Guidelines

99% 2021 Board and Committee Director Attendance Record                                                         ✓      Board Renewal: 8 Non-Executive Director
    for Director Nominees                                                                                              Nominees ≤ 6 Years Tenure
   ✓    Board Committee Members are All Independent                                                             ✓      Share Ownership Guidelines for Directors and Executives
   ✓    Board Diversity Policy and Target for Gender Representation                                             ✓      Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Program
   ✓    Annual Election of All Directors                                                                        ✓      Annual Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation
   ✓    Directors Elected Individually                                                                          ✓      Formal Board Evaluation Process
   ✓    Majority Voting Policy for Directors                                                                    ✓      Board Risk Oversight Practices
   ✓    Separate Chair and CEO                                                                                  ✓      ESG Strategy Reviewed by Board
   ✓    Board Interlocks Guidelines                                                                             ✓      Robust Succession Planning

For more information, please refer to BCE’s most recent notice of annual general shareholder meeting and management proxy circular (the Proxy Circular) filed with the
Canadian provincial securities regulatory authorities (available at sedar.com) and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (available at sec.gov), and
available on BCE’s website at BCE.ca.
(1) Net debt leverage ratio and adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio are capital management measures and net debt is a non-GAAP financial measure. See section 11.4, Capital management measures and
    section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial measures in this MD&A for more information on these measures.

42 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


RISK GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
BOARD OVERSIGHT                                                                            RISK MANAGEMENT CULTURE
BCE’s full Board is entrusted with the responsibility for identifying and overseeing       There is a strong culture of risk management at BCE that is actively promoted by the
the principal risks to which our business is exposed and seeking to ensure there           Board, the Risk and Pension Fund Committee and the President and CEO, at all
are processes in place to effectively identify, monitor and manage them. These             levels within the organization. It is a part of how the company operates on a
processes seek to mitigate rather than eliminate risk. A risk is the possibility that an   day-to-day basis and is woven into its structure and operating principles, guiding the
event might happen in the future that could have a negative effect on our business,        implementation of the organization’s strategic imperatives.
financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation. While the Board has
overall responsibility for risk, the responsibility for certain elements of the risk       The President and CEO, selected by the Board, has set his strategic focus through
oversight program is delegated to Board committees in order to ensure that they            the establishment of six strategic imperatives and focuses risk management around
are treated with appropriate expertise, attention and diligence, with reporting to the     the factors that could impact the achievement of those strategic imperatives. While
Board on a regular basis.                                                                  the constant state of change in the economic environment and the industry creates
                                                                                           challenges that need to be managed, clarity around strategic objectives,
                                                                                           performance expectations, risk management and integrity in execution ensures
                                                                                           discipline and balance in all aspects of our business.

                                                                                           RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK
                                                                                           While the Board is responsible for BCE’s risk oversight program, operational
                                                                                           business units are central to the proactive identification and management of risk.
                                                                                           They are supported by a range of corporate support functions that provide
                                                                                           independent expertise to reinforce implementation of risk management approaches
                                                                                           in collaboration with the operational business units. The Internal Audit function
                                                                                           provides a further element of expertise and assurance, working to provide insight
                                                                                           and support to the operational business units and corporate support functions, while
                                                                                           also providing the Audit Committee, and other Board committees as required, with
                                                                                           an independent perspective on the state of risk and control within the organization.
                                                                                           Collectively, these elements can be thought of as a “three lines” approach to risk
                                                                                           management. Although the risk management framework described in this section 1.5
                                                                                           is aligned with industry practices, there can be no assurance that it will be sufficient
                                                                                           to prevent the occurrence of events that could have a material adverse effect on our
                                                                                           business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation.




Risk information is reviewed by the Board or the relevant committee throughout the
year, and business leaders present regular updates on the execution of business
strategies, risks and mitigation.
• The Risk and Pension Fund Committee has oversight responsibility for the
  organization’s risk governance framework, which exists to identify, assess,
  mitigate and report key risks to which BCE is exposed. As part of its Charter, the
  Risk and Pension Fund Committee is tasked with oversight of risks relating to
  business continuity plans, work stoppage and disaster recovery plans, regulatory
  and public policy, information management and privacy, information and physical
  security, fraud, vendor and supply chain management, the environment, the
  pension fund, and other risks as required. The Risk and Pension Fund
  Committee receives a report on security matters, including information security,
  at each of its meetings.
• The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing financial reporting and
  disclosure, as well as the organization’s internal control systems and compliance
  with legal requirements
• The Management Resources and Compensation Committee (Compensation
  Committee) oversees risks relating to compensation, succession planning and
  workplace policies and practices
• The Corporate Governance Committee (Governance Committee) assists the
  Board in developing and implementing BCE’s corporate governance guidelines
  and determining the composition of the Board and its committees. The
  Governance Committee is also responsible for oversight of our corporate
  purpose and our ESG matters, including climate-related risks and the
  organization’s policies concerning business conduct, ethics and public disclosure
  of material information.


                                                                                                                                              BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 43
1 MD&A Overview

FIRST LINE – OPERATIONAL BUSINESS UNITS                                                    reported on a timely basis. For more details concerning BCE’s internal control over
The first line refers to management within our operational business segments (Bell         financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, refer to the Proxy
Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media), who are expected to understand their              Circular and section 12, Effectiveness of internal controls of this MD&A.
operations in great detail and the financial results that underpin them. There are         Corporate Security function: This function is responsible for all aspects of security,
regular reviews of operating performance involving the organization’s executive            which requires a deep understanding of the business, the risk environment and the
and senior management. The discipline and precision associated with this process,          external stakeholder environment. Based on this understanding, Corporate Security
coupled with the alignment and focus around performance goals, creates a high              sets the standards of performance required across the organization through security
degree of accountability and transparency in support of our risk management                policy definitions and monitors the organization’s performance against these policies.
practices.                                                                                 In high and emerging risk areas such as information security, Corporate Security
As risks emerge in the business environment, they are discussed in a number of             leverages its experience and competence and, through collaboration with the
regular forums to share details and explore their relevance across the organization.       operational business units, develops strategies intended to seek to mitigate the
Executive and senior management are integral to these activities in driving the            organization’s risks. For instance, we have implemented security awareness training
identification, assessment, mitigation and reporting of risks at all levels. Formal risk   and policies and procedures that seek to mitigate information security threats. We
reporting occurs through strategic planning sessions, management presentations             further rely on security assessments to identify risks, projects and implementation
to the Board and formal enterprise risk reporting, which is shared with the Board          controls with the objective of ensuring that systems are deployed with the
and the Risk and Pension Fund Committee during the year.                                   appropriate level of control based on risk and technical capabilities, including access
                                                                                           management, vulnerability management, security monitoring and testing, to help
Management is also responsible for maintaining effective internal controls and for         identify and respond to attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information
executing risk and control procedures on a day-to-day basis. Each operational              systems and networks. We evaluate and seek to adapt our security policies and
business unit develops its own operating controls and procedures that fit the needs        procedures designed to protect our information and assets in light of the
of its unique environment.                                                                 continuously evolving nature and sophistication of information security threats.
                                                                                           However, given in particular the complexity and scale of our business, network
SECOND LINE – CORPORATE SUPPORT FUNCTIONS                                                  infrastructure, technology and IT supporting systems, there can be no assurance
BCE is a very large enterprise, with 49,781 employees as at December 31, 2021,             that the security policies and procedures that we implement will prevent the
multiple business units and a diverse portfolio of risks that is constantly evolving       occurrence of all potential information security breaches. In addition, although BCE
based on internal and external factors. In a large organization, it is common to           has contracted an insurance policy covering information security risk, there can be
manage certain functions centrally for efficiency, scale and consistency. While the        no assurance that any insurance we may have will cover the costs, damages,
first line is often central to identification and management of business risks, in         liabilities or losses that could result from the occurrence of any information security
many instances operational management works collaboratively with, and also                 breach.
relies on, the corporate functions that make up the second line of support in these        Corporate Risk Management function: This function works across the company to
areas. These corporate functions include Regulatory, Finance, Corporate Security,          gather information and report on the organization’s assessment of its principal risks
Corporate Risk Management, Legal, Corporate Responsibility, Human Resources,               and the related exposures. Annually, senior management participate in a risk survey
Real Estate and Procurement.                                                               that provides an important reference point in the overall risk assessment process.
Regulatory function: This function is responsible for the regulatory portfolio,            In addition to the activities described above, the second line is also critical in building
including an expanding range of obligations set out in new privacy and data                and operating the oversight mechanisms that bring focus to relevant areas of risk
protection laws being enacted in Canada and around the world. BCE has                      and reinforce the bridges between the first and second lines, thereby seeking to
developed, and will maintain, an enhanced Data Governance Policy that                      ensure that there is a clear understanding of emerging risks, their relevance to the
encompasses the protection and appropriate use of data across its lifecycle. A             organization and the proposed mitigation plans.
significant element of the data governance program relies on the Corporate
Security activities outlined below and these two functions work jointly with data          To further coordinate efforts between the first and second lines, BCE has established
owners, data custodians and other relevant employees to ensure this policy is              a Health and Safety, Security, Environment and Compliance Oversight Committee
appropriately implemented. We recognize that a strong and consistently applied             (HSSEC Committee). A significant number of BCE’s most senior leaders are
approach to data governance is essential to maintaining the social licence                 members of the HSSEC Committee, the purpose of which is to oversee BCE’s
necessary to achieve our business objectives. For more information on our                  strategic security (including information security), compliance, environmental, and
approach to privacy and data security, refer to section 1.6, Environmental, social         health and safety risks and opportunities. This cross-functional committee seeks to
and governance practices, in this MD&A.                                                    ensure that relevant risks are adequately recognized and mitigation activities are
                                                                                           well integrated and aligned across the organization and are supported with sufficient
Finance function: BCE’s Finance function plays a pivotal role in seeking to                resources. The HSSEC Committee also mandates the company’s Energy Board, a
identify, assess and manage risks through a number of activities, which include            working group composed of business unit employees, including vice-presidents and
financial performance management, external reporting, pension management,                  directors, to ensure oversight of our overall energy consumption and costs with the
capital management, and oversight and execution practices related to the U.S.              objective of minimizing financial and reputational risks while maximizing business
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and equivalent Canadian securities legislation,                 opportunities.
including the establishment and maintenance of appropriate internal control over
financial reporting. BCE has also established and maintains disclosure controls
and procedures to seek to ensure that the information it publicly discloses,
including its business risks, is accurately recorded, processed, summarized and


44 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview

In addition, in order to support the evolution of our corporate responsibility strategy,   THIRD LINE – INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION
in 2021 we created a Corporate Responsibility (CR) Board composed of a                     Internal Audit is a part of the overall management information and control system
significant number of employees at the senior vice-president, vice-president and           and has the responsibility to act as an independent appraisal function. Its purpose is
director levels. The CR Board is responsible, among others, to embed corporate             to provide the Audit Committee, other Board committees as required, and
responsibility considerations into corporate and business unit strategies, assist in       management with objective evaluations of the company’s risk and control
identifying corporate responsibility areas for further improvement, establish              environment, to support management in fulfilling BCE’s strategic imperatives and to
relevant ESG KPIs, respond to stakeholders’ concerns and support various                   maintain an audit presence throughout BCE and its subsidiaries.
corporate responsibility initiatives. The CR Board reports on progress to the
HSSEC Committee, the co-chairs of which report to the Risk and Pension Fund
Committee, Governance Committee and Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors.



1.6 Environmental, social and governance practices
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our ESG            ESG practices form an integral part of BCE’s corporate responsibility approach.
objectives and network deployment plans. Refer to the section Caution regarding            Since our founding in 1880, Bell has been enabling Canadians to connect with each
forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.                                  other and the world. Our approach to corporate responsibility is to manage the
                                                                                           company in ways that support the social and economic prosperity of our
                                                                                           communities while safeguarding the environment, with a commitment to the highest
                                                                                           ESG standards.


CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY UNDERPINS OUR SIX STRATEGIC IMPERATIVES
Corporate responsibility is a fundamental element of each of the six strategic             tracks corporate performance against our ESG targets. In 2020, the Compensation
imperatives that inform BCE’s policies, decisions and actions. Reflecting our long-        Committee formally added ESG targets to corporate performance metrics,
standing commitment to the highest ESG standards, our focus is on creating a               establishing a link to compensation. Furthermore, as of 2022, additional ESG related
more sustainable future by embedding it directly into our six strategic imperatives.       metrics were added and are embedded into each of the strategic imperatives, which
As one of Canada’s largest companies, we are driven to continually improve our             is reflective of how ESG is embedded into the overall strategy of the business. ESG
impact and our contribution to society with our connectivity commitments,                  is targeted to represent, in aggregate, at least 30% of the total strategic imperatives
investments in mental health initiatives, environmental sustainability and engaged         score in 2022. The Compensation Committee reviews the detailed metrics and
workplace. This approach also supports our purpose to advance how Canadians                targets and approves them early in the year, tracking progress throughout the year.
connect with each other and the world.
                                                                                           We report annually on our corporate responsibility performance and our ESG
The Board has established clear oversight of our corporate responsibility programs         practices in our Corporate Responsibility Report, available at BCE.ca. We report on
and our approach to ESG practices, with primary accountability at the committee            the ESG topics that are of greatest importance to our stakeholders and which could
level. The Governance Committee is responsible for oversight of our corporate              have a relevant impact on our business.
purpose and our ESG strategy and disclosure, which includes oversight and
related disclosure of climate-related risks. It is also responsible for our governance     BCE is recognized around the world for the effectiveness of its corporate
practices and policies, including those concerning business conduct and ethics. In         responsibility and ESG programs, as reflected in its inclusion in various sustainability
addition, the Risk and Pension Fund Committee oversees environmental, safety               indices and its receipt of sustainability awards. In 2021, BCE continued to be listed
and security risks, including data governance and cybersecurity, while the                 on socially responsible investment indices such as the FTSE4Good Index, the Jantzi
Compensation Committee has oversight of human resource issues, including                   Social Index, the Ethibel Sustainability Index (ESI) Excellence Global, and the
respectful workplace practices, health and safety, and                                     Euronext Vigeo World 120 index.



COMMUNITY
Since 2010, the Bell Let’s Talk mental health initiative has raised awareness and          WHY MENTAL HEALTH MATTERS
action for Canadian mental health, with a focus on helping reduce the stigma
                                                                                           The current COVID-19 situation has affected our mental health. Two-thirds of
around mental illness, improving access to care, supporting world-class research
                                                                                           Canadians are feeling more isolated, with young people experiencing the greatest
and leading by example in workplace mental health – and is a driver of Bell for
                                                                                           decline since the pandemic began. As well, the mental health challenges of BIPOC
Better. Over the last 12 years, Canadians and people worldwide have taken action
                                                                                           communities have underscored the need to address mental illness in culturally
to create positive change by engaging in the mental health conversation, working
                                                                                           appropriate and barrier-free ways. Practising physical distancing makes it even more
hard to help create a Canada where everyone can get the culturally-appropriate
                                                                                           important that we make an extra effort to remain emotionally connected. Finding
mental health support they need. To date, Bell Let’s Talk has committed over
                                                                                           ways to stay connected with friends, family and loved ones will support good mental
$129.5 million in funding to mental health initiatives and has partnered with more
                                                                                           health and well-being and will help ensure Canadians get through this together.
than 1,300 organizations providing mental health support and services throughout
Canada.


                                                                                                                                              BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 45
1 MD&A Overview

WHAT WE ARE DOING                                                                     In January 2022, more than 180 communities and organizations across Canada and
In the lead up to Bell Let’s Talk Day 2022, almost $8 million in funding for mental   around the world showed their support for mental health by raising the Bell Let’s Talk
health was awarded to projects across the country. This included:                     flag at city and town halls, military bases and schools. Students at 217 Canadian
                                                                                      universities, colleges and cégeps across the country also engaged in a variety of
• $4 million for research projects from the Bell Let’s Talk/Brain Canada Mental       initiatives in their learning environments to promote student mental health.
  Health Research Program
                                                                                      On January 26, 2022 – the 12th annual Bell Let’s Talk Day – Canadians and people
• $1.5 million from the Bell-Graham Boeckh Foundation for Foundry to transform
                                                                                      around the world set all-new records for engagement in the mental health
  youth mental health
                                                                                      conversation, sharing 164,298,820 messages of support and driving $8,214,941 in
• $1 million from the Bell Let’s Talk Post-Secondary Fund to support 16 colleges,     new mental health funding by Bell.
  universities and cégeps
• $600,000 from the Bell Let’s Talk Diversity Fund to six organizations supporting    KEY METRIC
  the mental health and well-being of BIPOC communities in Canada                     Adding the funding amount of the latest Bell Let’s Talk Day to the original Bell Let’s
• $370,000 to Strongest Families Institute, in partnership with the Government of     Talk commitment of $50 million in 2010, along with the results of the first 11 Bell Let’s
  Yukon and Northwestel                                                               Talk Days and the additional $5 million funding committed in response to the
                                                                                      COVID-19 pandemic, Bell has now committed $129,588,747.75 to improving
• $250,000 to Canadian Red Cross to expand the Friendly Calls program to              Canadian mental health.
  Indigenous communities
• $250,000 to Fondation CERVO to purchase a second neuromodulation device


SOCIETY AND ECONOMY
Being an engaged corporate citizen has been central to our identity for over          Bell continues to deliver wireless technology that is among the most advanced in the
140 years. Our networks and services are fundamental to the success of the            world. Bell’s LTE wireless network is available to over 99% of the national
communities we serve, the nation’s economy and Canadian society as a whole.           population, with Bell 5G accessible to more than 70% of Canadians at the end
We work closely with governments, regulators and our customers to maximize            of 2021 with coverage expected to increase to more than 80% of the national
these societal benefits.                                                              population by the end of 2022.
                                                                                      In May 2021, Bell completed a Canadian public offering of $500 million of MTN
WHY DIGITAL ACCESS MATTERS                                                            debentures which was Bell’s first sustainability bond offering pursuant to BCE’s new
Canadians are increasingly dependent on digital technologies and require access       Sustainable Financing Framework (Framework) and which constituted the first
to the digital ecosystem to learn, work, socialize and access essential services.     sustainability bond offering by a Canadian telecommunications company. The net
Access to high-speed, reliable and affordable Internet has become an essential        proceeds of this offering were allocated to finance or re-finance, in whole or in part,
service and a key driver of improved societal well-being as we help bridge the        new or existing green and social eligible investments as set out in the Framework
digital divide and provide accessibility to everyone.                                 including, without limitation, investments for the deployment of networks in
                                                                                      underserved or unconnected areas.
WHAT WE ARE DOING
Bell investments are delivering benefits directly to our customers, from providing    KEY METRICS
more consumers with better access to family and friends, remote learning and
entertainment to enabling businesses and communities to operate more efficiently
                                                                                      FTTP and WTTP footprint                   5G network coverage
                                                                                      at December 31                            at December 31
and grow in the digital economy. At the same time, as we continue to close the        (homes and businesses passed)
digital divides that separate communities, we are also supporting growth among
suppliers and partners as we help build and drive innovation across the Canadian
digital ecosystem.
As a result of Bell’s capital expenditure acceleration program, Bell increased its
combined FTTP all-fibre and rural WHI broadband footprint to reach approximately
7.2 million homes and business locations in Atlantic Canada, Québec, Ontario and
Manitoba at the end of 2021, including the deployment of pure fibre services in
major urban centres and more than 50 additional smaller communities.




46 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview


TEAM MEMBERS
To execute on our strategic imperatives, we rely on the engagement and expertise       KEY METRICS
of our team members. We focus on attracting, developing and retaining the best
talent, as well as creating a positive team member experience that drives              People leaders who                                  Overall team member
effectiveness, high performance and agility in our evolving business environment.      completed mandatory base                            engagement score (1)
Through workplace wellness initiatives and by celebrating diversity in the             training on Mental Health
workplace, we reinforce our goal of creating a safe and inclusive atmosphere for all
team members.

WHY EMPLOYEE WELL-BEING MATTERS
We believe that everyone deserves a respectful, positive, professional and
rewarding work environment. Engaging and investing in our people and creating a
sustainable future is a strategic imperative which recognizes that our success
requires a dynamic and engaged team that is committed to the highest ESG
standards. The Bell team is critical to our company’s success, enabling our
purpose of advancing how Canadians connect with each other and the world, while
also making a difference in communities across the country.
At Bell, we believe that taking care of the well-being of our team members is
essential to their personal success and to our organization’s ongoing progress.

WHAT WE ARE DOING                                                                      (1) This metric is calculated as the average score obtained in the annual Bell team member satisfaction survey.
                                                                                           The Team Member Engagement score is based on five specific questions and the percentage of employees
To foster the well-being of our team members, we believe that engaging our                 who responded favourably (Strongly agree or Agree) to these questions out of the total number of employees
members as well as nurturing an inclusive environment are both essential. We are           who responded to the survey.
proud to be ranked as one of Canada’s Top Employers. Bell has been recognized
by Mediacorp as one of Canada’s Best Diversity Employers, Top Employers for            WHY DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION MATTERS
Young People, Top Family-Friendly Employers and one of Canada’s Greenest
Employers. We are focused on developing and retaining the best talent in the           Bell is committed to an inclusive, equitable and accessible workplace where all team
country by providing a workplace that is positive, professional and rewarding, and     members feel valued, respected, supported and have the opportunity to reach their
which enables creativity and innovation. We also continue to develop, implement        full potential. A truly diverse team and inclusive workplace fosters innovation and
and share world-leading mental health practices in the workplace, and to broaden       creativity, better reflects the customers we serve and increases team member
our approach to emphasize total-health support. We educate team members                engagement.
through our best-in-class training programs and campaigns, support them through
an extensive range of mental health services and supports and adapt workplace          WHAT WE ARE DOING
policies and practices to foster a psychologically safe workplace. Since 2010, over    Our diversity, equity and inclusion strategy is supported by a strong governance
90 KPIs have been measured quarterly and assessed for trends and program               framework that includes the Diversity Leadership Council, business unit committees
insights to closely monitor the psychological health of our workplace. Collecting      and employee-led networks, including Black Professionals at Bell, Pride at Bell and
qualitative and quantitative data is crucial to ensuring that we are heading in the    Women at Bell.
right direction and making any required adjustments to our mental health
programs.                                                                              In step with our overarching corporate commitment to improve gender diversity, we
                                                                                       are strategically focused on increasing the diversity of our senior leadership. Bell is a
                                                                                       signatory to the Catalyst Accord 2022 and member of the 30% Club. Exceeding the
                                                                                       Catalyst Accord and 30% Club target, Bell leads with more ambitious targets: we aim
                                                                                       for a minimum 35% gender diverse representation among directors on the BCE
                                                                                       Board moving forward, and at least 35% of Bell leaders at the VP level and above by
                                                                                       the end of 2023.


                                                                                                                                                       BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 47
1 MD&A Overview

In 2021, Bell continued its commitment to taking meaningful actions to address the                                  KEY METRICS
impacts of systemic racism on team members and others in BIPOC communities.
This includes:                                                                                                      Gender diverse (1)                                  Gender diverse (1)
                                                                                                                    representation in                                   representation
• Targets for BIPOC representation on our senior management team of at least
  25% by 2025 and 40% of new graduate and intern hires
                                                                                                                    executive positions                                 among directors
                                                                                                                    (vice-president level and above)                    on the BCE Board
• Partnerships with the Onyx Initiative and the Black Professionals in Tech
  Network that are helping drive the recruitment of Black college and university
  students and promote Black talent in technology
• Promoting greater diversity in Canadian media with the launch of the HireBIPOC
  website and the Bell Media Content Diversity Task Force in partnership with
  BIPOC TV & Film
• $5 million Bell Let’s Talk Diversity Fund to support the mental health and well-
  being of Canada’s BIPOC communities
• Reinforcing our culture of inclusion with review of internal policies and practices,
  and successful launch of the Inclusive Leadership Development Program to
  people leaders, exceeding our goal of over 30% completion within the first year
Looking ahead, we plan to continue building momentum for our diversity, equity
and inclusion strategy based on concrete objective-setting and the integration of
inclusive leadership practices.                                                                                     BIPOC representation in                             BIPOC representation
                                                                                                                    Bell senior management                              among new graduates
                                                                                                                                                                        and interns




ENVIRONMENT
We believe that it is our responsibility to minimize the negative environmental                                     WHY CLIMATE CHANGE MATTERS
impacts of our operations, and to create positive impacts where possible. We also
                                                                                                                    The changing climate can lead to increased risks for any business – including
know that our team members, our customers, and our investors expect this. Taking
                                                                                                                    financial, operational and reputational risks. Moreover, public health and supply
care of the environment makes good business sense. If we fail to take action to
                                                                                                                    chains could suffer major negative impacts from climate change. We believe that we
reduce our negative impacts on the environment, we risk losing our valuable team
                                                                                                                    have an important role to play in doing our fair share by reducing our GHG
members and customers to competitors, we risk increased costs due to fines or
                                                                                                                    emissions, and in providing our customers with technologies that help them address
remediation requirements, and we will likely lose investors, all of which could
                                                                                                                    climate change and adapt to related impacts on their businesses.
adversely impact our business.
We have been implementing and maintaining programs to reduce the                                                    WHAT WE ARE DOING
environmental impact of our operations for more than 25 years. Our Environmental                                    We are taking action both to help fight climate change and adapt to its
Policy, first issued in 1993, reflects our team members’ values, as well as the                                     consequences. We adapt by taking action to maintain our resiliency in the face of
expectations of customers, investors and society that we regard environmental                                       climate change, and are helping our customers do the same. To fight climate
protection as an integral part of doing business that needs to be managed                                           change, we are focused on reducing our energy consumption and GHG emissions,
systematically under a continuous improvement process. We implemented an                                            while also helping customers reduce theirs. Fostering innovation that helps reduce
environmental management system (EMS) to help with this continuous                                                  our customers’ and Bell’s carbon footprint is part of our culture. On an annual basis,
improvement, and it has been certified ISO 14001 (2) since 2009, making us the                                      we calculate, monitor and publicly report on our energy performance and associated
first North American communications company to be so designated. We have                                            GHG emissions as part of our rigorous environmental and energy management
continuously maintained this certification since then. In addition, Bell Canada’s                                   systems. Since 2003, we report on our climate change mitigation and adaptation
energy management system was certified ISO 50001 (3) in 2020, making us the                                         efforts through the CDP, a not-for-profit organization that gathers information on
first North American communications company to be so designated.                                                    climate-related risk and opportunities from organizations worldwide. In 2021, we
                                                                                                                    obtained an


(1) Defined as women, and directors and executives who identify with a gender other than a man or woman.
(2) Our ISO 14001 certification covers Bell Canada’s oversight of the EMS associated with the development of policies and procedures for the delivery of landline, wireless, TV and Internet services, broadband and connectivity
    services, data hosting, cloud computing, radio broadcasting and digital media services, along with related administrative functions.
(3) Our ISO 50001 certification covers Bell Canada’s energy management program associated with the activities of real estate management services, fleet services, radio broadcasting and digital media services, landline, wireless,
    TV, Internet services, connectivity, broadband services, data hosting and cloud computing, in addition to related general administrative functions.

48 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
1 MD&A Overview

A- score, ranking us in the “Leadership Band” for the sixth consecutive year,                                  WHAT WE ARE DOING
recognizing our leadership on climate action, our alignment with current best                                  Bell has managed waste reduction, reuse and recycling programs for more than
practices and the transparency of our climate-related disclosures. Furthermore, we                             30 years. We have ambitious waste reduction goals and strong monitoring
disclose annually on our risks and opportunities related to climate change following                           processes in place that enable us to track and report on our waste-generating
the 11 recommendations of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-                               activities. To manage the waste created from the electronic devices we distribute to
related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). In 2021, we surpassed our GHG emissions                                  customers, we have implemented effective and accessible e-waste collection
intensity reduction objective by 15%. Going forward, our target is to be carbon                                programs for the recovery, reuse, refurbishment and recycling of customer-facing
neutral for our operational GHG emissions (1) starting in 2025. For 2030, we have                              devices, including national take-back programs, drop boxes and mail-in instructions.
set science-based GHG emissions reduction targets that are consistent with                                     To measure the success of these programs, we have set a goal of collecting
limiting global warming to 1.5°C (2), in line with the most ambitious temperature                              7 million used TV receivers, modems, mobile phones and Wi-Fi pods from
goal of the Paris Agreement.                                                                                   January 2021 to the end of 2023. At Bell, we believe in leading by example, and so
                                                                                                               to continue to manage and reduce the waste generated from our own operations, we
KEY METRIC                                                                                                     have adopted a new target to reach and maintain a 15% reduction of total waste
Reduce the ratio of our operational GHG emissions                                                              sent to landfill by 2025, with a reference year of 2019. Through setting ambitious
to our network usage                                                                                           waste reduction targets such as the ones listed above, we are striving to build a
Operational emissions (tonnes) divided by network usage (petabytes)                                            resilient path to circularity with the ambition of sending zero waste to landfill and are
                                                                                                               investing in research and development of products where current technology does
                                                                                                               not provide responsible waste diversion methods.

                                                                                                               KEY METRIC
                                                                                                               Cumulative recovery of used TV receivers, modems,
                                                                                                               Wi-Fi pods (3) and mobile phones




WHY CIRCULAR ECONOMY MATTERS
The circular economy model enables organizations to rethink the traditional linear
business model of “take, make, waste” and encourages them to implement
solutions that detach growth from accelerating raw material consumption in an
effort to reduce the environmental impact of their operations. The traditional linear
model, where it has been deployed in Bell’s business operations, generates waste.
Reducing waste is an essential part of our commitment to improve on our
operational efficiency and aligns with the values and expectations of our
employees, customers and investors. The circular economy model provides Bell
with a framework for repositioning waste as a resource, for both environmental and
economic benefit.


PRIVACY AND INFORMATION SECURITY
Privacy and information security present both potentially significant risks and                                WHY DATA GOVERNANCE MATTERS
opportunities for any business operating in the digital economy. They are the
                                                                                                               We recognize that to achieve our purpose of advancing how Canadians connect with
subject of an expanding range of obligations in new privacy and data protection
                                                                                                               each other and the world, we must maintain the social licence from our customers
laws being enacted in Canada and around the world. Our customers, team
                                                                                                               and all Canadians to collect and use data in our operations. A strong and
members and investors increasingly expect us to demonstrate that we collect data
                                                                                                               consistently applied approach to data governance is critical to maintaining that social
appropriately, use it for purposes that advance their interests, and keep it secure.
                                                                                                               licence by focusing on respecting the privacy of our customers’ data and protecting
                                                                                                               such data against information security threats. Conversely, failure to meet customer
                                                                                                               expectations regarding the appropriate use and protection of their data can have
                                                                                                               negative reputational, business and financial consequences for our company.




(1) Operational GHG emissions include scope 1 and scope 2 emissions. Scope 1 GHG emissions are direct emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by Bell. Scope 2 GHG emissions are indirect emissions associated
    with the consumption of purchased electricity, heat, steam and cooling.
(2) Pending approval by the SBTi.
(3) Wi-Fi pods have been included in the scope starting in 2021.

                                                                                                                                                                             BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 49
1 MD&A Overview

WHAT WE ARE DOING                                                                     WHAT WE ARE DOING
Our approach to data governance encompasses the protection and appropriate            We are focused on maintaining the trust that our customers have in us to protect
use of data across its lifecycle, and we are incorporating data governance            their data. To do this, we implement prevention, detection, and response programs
proactively as a core consideration in all our business initiatives and technology    related to security threats. In addition, we are helping define industry security and
decisions. The BCE Board adopted an enhanced data governance policy in 2020,          risk management practices, and we train our team members on data protection. To
bringing together multiple existing policies and programs in the interrelated areas   that end, in 2021, we onboarded 100% of our selected team members to Bell’s Be
of privacy, information security, data access management and records                  Cyber Savvy information security training program and 70% completed the full
management. In 2021, we implemented mandatory data governance training for all        program. This training program involves our specialized Be Cyber Savvy platform,
employees as part of our biannual code of conduct training program.                   and includes phishing simulations and four courses that team members must
                                                                                      complete in one year. Additionally, we set a new target to improve, year over year,
WHY INFORMATION SECURITY MATTERS                                                      the phishing simulation report rate for our team members. These initiatives enable a
                                                                                      stronger cybersecurity culture and greater awareness of cybersecurity risks. We also
Cybersecurity threats give rise to new and emerging standards and regulations.
                                                                                      aim to align our information security management to the ISO 27001 standard by the
We need to be able to identify and address information security risks in a timely
                                                                                      end of 2023.
manner in order to be in a better position to protect our market share and
reputation, and these efforts align with our strategic imperative to champion
customer experience, while at the same time reducing exposure to cyberattacks.        KEY METRIC
Avoiding data breaches can also limit the increase in expenses associated with        Be Cyber Savvy information security training
remediation efforts and legal exposures, aligning with our strategic imperative to    for all applicable team members across Bell
operate with agility and cost efficiency.




ASSUMPTIONS
GHG EMISSIONS REDUCTION TARGETS                                                       DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION TARGETS
Our GHG emissions reduction targets are based on a number of assumptions              Our diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) targets are based on a number of
including, without limitation, the following principal assumptions:                   assumptions including, without limitation, the following principal assumptions:
• Implementation of various corporate and business initiatives to reduce our          • Ability to leverage DEI partnerships and recruitment agencies to help identify
  electricity and fuel consumption, as well as reduce other direct and indirect GHG     qualified diverse talent for vacant positions
  emissions enablers
                                                                                      • Sufficient diverse labour market availability
• No new corporate initiatives, business acquisitions or technologies that would
                                                                                      • Implementation of corporate and business initiatives to increase awareness,
  materially increase our anticipated levels of GHG emissions
                                                                                        education and engagement in support of our DEI targets
• Ability to purchase sufficient credible carbon credits and renewable energy
                                                                                      • Propensity of existing employees and job-seekers to self-identify to enable a
  certificates to offset or further reduce our GHG emissions, if and when required
                                                                                        diverse workforce representation
• No negative impact on the calculation of our GHG emissions from refinements in
  or modifications to international standards or the methodology we use for the
  calculation of such GHG emissions
• No required changes to our SBTs pursuant to the SBTi methodology that would
  make the achievement of our updated SBTs more onerous
• Sufficient supplier engagement and collaboration in setting their own SBTs and
  sufficient collaboration with partners in reducing their own GHG emissions


50 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives


2        Strategic imperatives
Our success is built on the BCE team’s dedicated execution of the six strategic imperatives that support our
purpose to advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world.
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our network deployment plans and our 2022 objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to the
section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.




2.1       Build the best networks
          Continuing to enhance our key competitive advantage with a focus            • Worked closely with federal and provincial governments on projects to bring
          on delivering the leading broadband fibre and wireless networks in            broadband access to remote and other hard to serve areas, including Québec’s
          locations large and small.                                                    Operation High Speed project, the federal Universal Broadband Fund and multiple
                                                                                        initiatives in Atlantic Canada
2021 PROGRESS                                                                         • Became a Founding Partner and exclusive telecommunications provider of The
• Continued to expand our FTTP direct fibre footprint, reaching approximately 6.2       PIER at the Halifax Seaport, deploying a 5G-ready wireless private network to
  million homes and businesses in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and           enable a living lab that will shape the future of the transportation, supply chain and
  Manitoba. FTTP delivers total broadband access speeds of up to 1.5 Gbps               logistics industries in Canada
  currently, with faster speeds expected in the future as equipment evolves to        • Collaborated with Nokia to conduct the first successful test of 25G passive optical
  support these higher speeds.                                                          network (PON) fibre broadband technology in North America, validating that
• Completed the buildout of our WHI service in smaller towns and rural                  current GPON and XGS-PON broadband technology and future 25G PON can
  communities across Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba,              work seamlessly together on the same fibre hardware, which is being deployed
  reaching our target of 1 million locations one year ahead of schedule. WHI            throughout the network today
  delivers access speeds of up to 50/10 (50 Mbps download/10 Mbps upload).
                                                                                      2022 FOCUS
• Acquired 271 licences for 678 million MHz-Pop of 3500 MHz spectrum in a
  number of urban and rural markets for $2.07 billion following ISED’s wireless       • Further deployment of direct fibre to more homes and businesses within our
  spectrum auction, extending Bell’s leadership in delivering enhanced 5G digital       wireline footprint
  experiences to Canadian consumers and businesses                                      • Increase the number of customer locations covered with direct fibre connections
• Expanded our 5G wireless network to reach more than 70% of Canada’s                     by as many as 900,000, bringing our total broadband footprint to approximately
  population                                                                              8.1 million homes and businesses by the end of 2022
• Bell remained Canada’s fastest and most awarded 5G network                          • Continued deployment of 5G wireless network offering coverage that is
 • Ranked as Canada’s fastest 5G network for the second time in a row in                competitive with other national operators
   Ookla’s 2021 Speedtest Awards                                                        • Expand mobile 5G coverage to more than 80% of the Canadian population
 • Recognized as Canada’s best 5G network by Global Wireless Solutions                  • Launch 5G standalone core leveraging 3500 MHz spectrum that will drive
   (GWS). GWS determined that Bell 5G offers the fastest data speeds of any               enhanced speeds, lower latency and enable next-generation services
   mobile network in the country, and is also the top national network for gaming
   and video applications.
 • Bell’s 4G and 5G networks were ranked Canada’s fastest for the second year
   in a row in PCMag’s Fastest Mobile Networks Canada 2021



2.2       Drive growth with innovative services
          Leveraging our leading networks to provide truly differentiated             • Entered into an agreement with Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS) to support 5G
          communications services to Canadians and drive revenue growth.                innovation and accelerate cloud adoption across Canada. Bell is the first
                                                                                        Canadian communications company to offer AWS-powered 5G MEC (multi-access
                                                                                        edge computing) for business and government customers.
2021 PROGRESS                                                                         • Formed a strategic partnership with Google Cloud to help power Bell’s company-
• Added 294,842 total net postpaid and prepaid mobile phone subscribers, up             wide digital transformation, enhance its network and IT infrastructure, and enable
  54.6% over 2020                                                                       a more sustainable future. The multi-year partnership will combine Bell’s 5G
                                                                                        network leadership with Google’s expertise in multicloud, data analytics, and
• Expanded our lineup of 5G, 4G LTE and LTE-A devices, including Apple’s
                                                                                        artificial intelligence (AI), to deliver next-generation experiences for Bell customers
  iPhone 13 Series, the Samsung Galaxy S21 5G series and Google’s Pixel 6 and
                                                                                        across Canada.
  Pixel 6 Pro


                                                                                                                                         BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 51
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives

• Launched TSN 5G View/Vision 5G RDS, an exclusive in-app feature that                    • Launched the Bell Security Unified Response Environment (BSURE), a new
  leverages Bell’s mobile 5G network to offer fans interactive new ways to watch            service that combines Bell’s national security operations with industry-leading
  sports, including the ability to control their viewing angle on every play from their     security technologies from Fortinet, Inc. (Fortinet), a U.S. based network security
  mobile device. TSN 5G View/Vision 5G RDS is available for Montréal                        company, to provide Bell Business Markets customers with a robust
  Canadiens, Toronto Maple Leafs and Toronto Raptors home game broadcasts                   24/7 managed cyber security solution
  on TSN and RDS, and will expand to more sports events, teams and venues                 • Partnered with SCALE AI, a Montréal-based investment and innovation hub, to
  over time.                                                                                reduce installation time for new fibre connections using AI
• Collaborated with TikTok Canada on Paint Portal, a 5G multi-user augmented
  reality (AR) experience that lets the TikTok community paint together while             2022 FOCUS
  physically apart, powered by Bell’s 5G network
                                                                                          • Maintain our market share of national operators’ postpaid mobile phone net
• Partnered with VMware and AWS to help organizations across Canada plan,                   additions
  simplify and manage their hybrid cloud transformations
                                                                                          • Growth of our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base
• Entered into an agreement with Esri Canada, the nation’s leading geographic
  information system (GIS) provider, to create the Bell Integrated Smart City             • Introduction of more 5G devices
  Ecosystem, an integrated solution combining Bell’s award-winning 5G network             • Increased adoption of unlimited data plans and device financing plans
  and IoT solutions with Esri’s real-time analytics and location intelligence              • In January 2022, Bell introduced new mobile unlimited Ultimate plans to make
  capabilities to help cities of all sizes across Canada become connected                    the most of 5G with more data at max speeds, international messaging, HD
  communities, empowering them to realize their smart city ambitions                         video quality and hotspot capability
• Launched Smart Supply Chain powered by Bell IoT Smart Connect, an                       • Accelerated business customer adoption of advanced 5G and IoT solutions
  “as-a-service” IoT aggregation solution designed for fleet and supply chain
  operators. The new platform aggregates multiple IoT data sources and                    • Continued diversification of Bell’s distribution strategy with a focus on expanding
  operational data sets into a single dashboard accessible through Bell’s Self              DTC and online transactions
  Serve Centre.                                                                           • Cross sell to customers who do not have all their telecommunication services with
• Formed a connected car partnership with Honda Canada equipping Honda and                  Bell
  Acura vehicles with built-in Wi-Fi hotspots that enable drivers and their               • Continued growth in retail Internet subscribers
  passengers to stay fully connected online, safely and hands-free, while on the
  open road                                                                               • Enhance Internet product superiority through new service offerings with next
                                                                                            generation speeds and hardware to provide an enhanced customer experience in
• Built on our position as the leading Internet service provider (ISP) in Canada with       the home
  a retail high-speed Internet subscriber base of 3,861,653 at December 31, 2021,
  up 4.2% over 2020, including approximately 2 million FTTP customers at                  • Invest in direct fibre expansion, 5G and new solutions in key portfolios such as
  December 31, 2021                                                                         Internet and private networks, cloud services, unified communications, security
                                                                                            and IoT to improve the business client experience and increase overall business
• Bell was named Best Gaming Internet provider among Canada’s major providers               customer spending on telecommunications products and services
  in PCMag’s Best Gaming ISPs 2022 report
                                                                                          • Continue to deliver network-centric managed and professional services solutions
• Launched Home Hub 4000 featuring powerful Wi-Fi 6 technology for fibre                    to large and medium-sized businesses that increase the value of connectivity
  customers in Ontario and Québec                                                           services
• Virgin Mobile Canada officially rebranded to Virgin Plus, a new name and
  identity that reflects the company’s evolving service offerings beyond mobility,
  including Internet and app-based TV service




2.3        Deliver the most compelling content
           Taking a unified approach across our media and distribution                    • Bell Media had 5 of the top 10 English entertainment specialty channels among
           assets to deliver the content Canadians want the most.                           Adults 25-54 (A25-54), comprising CTV Comedy, Discovery, CTV Drama, CTV
                                                                                            Sci-Fi and Much. CTV Comedy was the #1 entertainment specialty channel in
                                                                                            2021.
2021 PROGRESS                                                                             • TSN remained Canada’s sports leader and RDS remained the top French-
• Maintained our position as Canada’s largest TV provider with 2,735,010 retail             language sports network
  subscribers at December 31, 2021, and increased our total number of IPTV                • Noovo had the largest primetime viewership growth among adults Adults
  subscribers by 4.2% to 1,882,441                                                          25-54 versus its two main French-language competitors
• Grew our Crave subscriber base to more than 2.9 million, up 6% over 2020                • Noovo expanded its digital offering available on the Noovo.ca website and via the
• Launched Crave Mobile, offering access to the streaming service’s unparalleled            Noovo app, showcasing its extensive catalogue of French-language programming
  content library on a single mobile device, and Crave Total for multiple user              and launched the Noovo Info news service (including original French-language
  access across a full range of screens                                                     news program Noovo Le Fil), featuring a strong team of journalists covering
                                                                                            current affairs and subjects of interest for viewers across Québec
• Maintained CTV’s #1 ranking as the most-watched TV network in Canada for the
  20th year in a row


52 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives

• MuchMusic was revitalized as a digital-first network available across major social   • Continued scaling of Crave through broader content offering, user experience
  media platforms                                                                        improvements and Crave Mobile
• Launched Bell demand-side platform (DSP), a new ad tech platform for                 • Continued investment in Noovo originals to increase market share and bolster our
  Canadian advertisers and agencies, delivering a world class programmatic               position in news through continued audience growth
  marketplace to facilitate new and easier media buying capabilities. Bell DSP          • In January 2022, Bell Media launched the new digital platform noovo.info, which
  allows the advertising community to leverage Bell’s privacy compliant first party       expands the reach of our Noovo Info French-language news division, offering
  data to discover and activate on Bell Media’s premium digital inventory, as well        breaking news coverage, original broadcasts and podcasts, and exclusive
  as the inventory on the open market across multiple formats including digital           multimedia content
  video, connected TV, and audio. Bell DSP is the result of a strategic alliance
  announced in 2021 between Bell and advanced advertising technology company           • Grow ad revenue and maximize market share as demand continues to return
  Xandr.                                                                                 across all platforms
• Acquired the operations of Montréal’s Octane Racing Group Inc., promoter of the      • Scale our Strategic Audience Management (SAM) TV and Bell DSP buying
  F1 Canadian Grand Prix, the largest annual sports and tourism event in the             platforms
  country                                                                              • Increase inventory for CTV and Noovo AVOD platforms with the addition of
                                                                                         connected TV platforms
2022 FOCUS
                                                                                       • Optimize unique partnerships and strategic content investments to monetize
• Continued growth in IPTV subscribers                                                   content rights and Bell Media properties across all platforms
• Enhance TV product superiority through new service offerings and innovation to
  provide an enhanced customer experience in the home
• Reinforce industry leadership in conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV,
  streaming and sports services




2.4       Champion customer experience
          Making it easier for customers to do business with Bell at every             • Leveraged AI and machine learning to improve our digital capabilities with new
          level, from sales to installation to ongoing support.                          features including personalized messages, in-app chat and data management
                                                                                         controls
                                                                                       • Integrated our innovative Manage Your Appointment tool directly into the Virgin
2021 PROGRESS                                                                            Plus My Account app, enabling customers to easily add or modify a service
• Led all national providers in reducing customer complaints for the 6th straight        appointment, send information to a technician such as entry codes and parking
  year according to the 2020–21 Annual Report from the Commission for                    instructions, receive advance notifications and rate their service experience
  Complaints for Telecom-television Services (CCTS). The CCTS reported that              directly on the app
  while complaints across the industry increased by 9%, Bell had a decline of 8%.
                                                                                       • Introduced a complete self-installation option for Bell and Virgin Plus customers in
  Overall, Bell’s share of complaints continued its declining trend, dropping 4%
                                                                                         Ontario and Québec who are already connected to our fibre network
  from the previous year.
• MyBell was named Best Telecommunication Mobile Application of the Year at            2022 FOCUS
  the 2021 Mobile Web Awards
                                                                                       • Improve customer experience with continued scaling of digital sales capabilities
• MyBell and Virgin Plus My Account won the 2021 Platinum and Gold MarCom                and functionality
  Awards as the top service apps
                                                                                       • Further improve and expand self-installation capabilities
• Improved blended mobile phone churn by 0.03 pts over 2020 to 1.23%
                                                                                       • Further improve customer satisfaction scores
• Improved customer churn rates across all wireline residential services over 2020
                                                                                       • Further evolve our self-serve tools
• Expanded Bell Move Valet, a service that ensures the seamless transfer of
  Internet, TV and phone services from one residential address to another, to          • Further reduce the total number of customer calls to our call centres as well as the
  Atlantic Canada                                                                        number of truck rolls
• Launched self-serve Virtual Repair tool online and through the MyBell and Virgin     • Continue to invest in AI and machine learning to resolve customer issues faster
  Plus apps, enabling Bell and Virgin Plus residential customers in Ontario and
  Québec to troubleshoot and resolve common Internet, TV and phone issues at
  home

                                                                                                                                         BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 53
2 MD&A Strategic imperatives


2.5          Operate with agility and cost efficiency
             Underscoring a focus on operational excellence and cost                      2022 FOCUS
             discipline throughout every part of our business.
                                                                                          • Continued sharp focus on our cost structure
                                                                                          • Realize cost savings from:
2021 PROGRESS                                                                               • operating efficiencies enabled by a growing direct fibre footprint
• Improved BCE consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin (1) by 0.2 pts over 2020                 • changes in consumer behaviour and digital adoption
• Reduced wireline operating costs by 1.4%, contributing to Bell Wireline adjusted          • product and service enhancements and innovation
  EBITDA margin improvement of 0.6 pts over 2020
                                                                                            • new call centre technology and digital investments that are enabling self-serve
• Delivered productivity improvements and cost efficiencies resulting from the                capabilities
  expansion of Bell’s all-fibre network footprint and service innovations enabled by
  new broadband technologies                                                                • other improvements to the customer service experience
• Lowered Bell Canada’s average after-tax cost of publicly issued debt securities           • management workforce reductions including attrition and retirements
  to 2.8%                                                                                   • lower contracted rates from our suppliers
                                                                                            • rationalization of real estate footprint



2.6          Engage and invest in our people and create a sustainable future
             Strengthening our leading workplace culture, recognizing that                • Launched our new company-wide employee recognition program Better Together,
             Bell’s success requires a dynamic and engaged team that is                     offering more engaging opportunities to highlight outstanding work and
             committed to the highest ESG standards.                                        accomplishments
                                                                                          • Provided multiple resources to help team members deal with the change and
2021 PROGRESS                                                                               adversity resulting from the COVID crisis, supporting a healthy work-life balance
• Recognized as one of Canada’s Top 100 Employers for the seventh consecutive               while working from home
  year in Mediacorp’s annual review of the best workplaces across the country,            • Continued to reinforce our COVID-19 operating principles and align with all
  reflecting our company’s broad range of learning opportunities, commitment to             government protocols, with a focus on protecting the health and safety of our
  workplace mental health and focus on diversity                                            customers, colleagues and communities.
• Named one of Canada’s Best Diversity Employers for the fifth year in a row in           • Implemented a vaccination policy that prioritizes the health of our employees,
  Mediacorp’s 2021 report on workplace diversity and inclusion in recognition of            customers and communities as well as reflects government and public health
  Bell’s commitment to an inclusive, equitable and accessible workplace that                guidance
  reflects Canada’s diversity and our ongoing action to combat systemic racism
                                                                                          • Launched Bell for Better, our long-term commitment to create better outcomes for
• Named one of Canada’s Top Employers for Young People for the fourth                       all stakeholders
  consecutive year by Mediacorp in recognition of our industry-leading recruitment
  and career development programs for students                                            2022 FOCUS
• Named one of Canada’s Top Family-Friendly Employers by Mediacorp in                     • In 2022, we embedded our focus on creating a more sustainable future directly
  recognition of a wide range of employee benefits that support families                    into our six strategic imperatives, reflecting our long-standing commitment to the
• Named one of Canada’s Greenest Employers for the fifth straight year                      highest ESG standards
• Reached our 40% target for BIPOC representation among new graduate and                  • In January 2022, we rolled out unlimited mental health benefit coverage for team
  intern hires, 4 years ahead of our 2025 goal                                              members and their eligible family members to support their mental health and
• Continued our initiatives to support BIPOC team members and communities,                  well-being
  working with our employee-led Black Professionals at Bell Network, which                • In January 2022, we introduced a flexible holiday policy, including the ability to
  supports professional development for Black team members, and partnerships                substitute days, reflecting our support for flexibility and diversity in the workplace
  with groups like the Onyx Initiative and the Black Professionals in Tech Network        • In February 2022, we enhanced Bell’s Employee and Family Assistance Program
  to promote the recruitment of Black talent and initiatives such as HireBIPOC and          with the launch of a new website and mobile app with improved support and
  the Bell Let’s Talk Diversity Fund                                                        wellness resources
• Launched a company-wide Accessibility Program to make our products and                  • Launch an Employee Value Proposition, capturing Bell’s promise to current and
  services more accessible and ensure people with disabilities have equal                   future employees as well as the values and experiences that make Bell unique
  opportunities through the use of advanced communication technologies
                                                                                          • Launch a unified mentorship program to support the development of leaders
• Introduced Bell Workways, a hybrid work model that provides our team members
  with more flexibility, collaboration and support in how and where they work             • Deliver on diversity, equity and inclusion commitments
                                                                                          • Build Bell’s talent advantage by expanding critical skills and upskilling program,
                                                                                            Bell U
                                                                                          • Move forward with ESG initiatives and Bell for Better commitments




(1) Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by operating revenues.

54 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks


3 Performance targets, outlook, assumptions
  and risks
This section provides information pertaining to our performance against 2021 targets, our consolidated business outlook and operating assumptions for 2022
and our principal business risks.



3.1 BCE 2021 performance vs. guidance targets
FINANCIAL                  2021
MEASURE                    TARGET                    2021 PERFORMANCE AND RESULTS
Revenue growth             2%–5%                     2.5%                 BCE revenues increased by 2.5% in 2021 compared to last year, reflecting our strong operational execution as we continued to
                                                                          recover from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The growth was driven by our Bell Wireless and Bell Media segments, offset in
                                                                          part by a decline in Bell Wireline. Service and product revenue were both up year over year, 2.6% and 1.6%, respectively.
Adjusted EBITDA            2%–5%                     3.0%                 BCE adjusted EBITDA increased by 3.0% in 2021, compared to 2020, attributable to growth across all three of our segments, driven
growth                                                                    by higher revenues, offset in part by greater operating expenses.
Net earnings               Not applicable            7.2%                 In 2021, net earnings increased by 7.2%, compared to 2020, mainly due to higher adjusted EBITDA, higher other income and lower
growth                                                                    impairment of assets primarily at our Bell Media segment, partly offset by higher income taxes, lower net earnings from discontinued
                                                                          operations as a result of a gain on sale, net of taxes, of $211 million in Q4 2020 from the completion of the sale of substantially all
                                                                          of our data centre operations, higher depreciation and amortization, and higher severance, acquisition and other costs.
Capital intensity (1)      18%–20%                   20.6%                2021 capital expenditures increased by 15.1% over last year to $4,837 million, with a corresponding capital intensity of 20.6%, up
                                                                          2.2 pts over 2020. Capital intensity came in higher than our target range, consistent with our two-year plan to accelerate the rollout of
                                                                          our mobile 5G, fibre and rural WHI networks.
Net earnings per           Not applicable            8.3%                 Net earnings attributable to common shareholders in 2021 increased by $211 million, or $0.23 per common share, compared to 2020,
share (EPS) growth                                                        mainly due to higher adjusted EBITDA, higher other income and lower impairment of assets primarily at our Bell Media segment,
                                                                          partly offset by higher income taxes, lower net earnings from discontinued operations as a result of a gain on sale, net of taxes, of
                                                                          $211 million in Q4 2020 from the completion of the sale of substantially all of our data centre operations, higher depreciation and
                                                                          amortization, and higher severance, acquisition and other costs.
Adjusted net               1%–6%                     5.6%                 Excluding the impact of severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market gains (losses) on derivatives used to economically
earnings per share                                                        hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans, net equity gains (losses) on investments in associates and joint ventures, net
(adjusted EPS) (2)                                                        gains (losses) on investments, early debt redemption costs, impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net of tax and
growth                                                                    non-controlling interest (NCI), adjusted net earnings in 2021 was $2,895 million, or $3.19 per common share, compared to
                                                                          $2,730 million, or $3.02 per common share, in 2020.
Cash flows from            Not applicable            $8,008 million       In 2021, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities increased by $254 million, compared to 2020, mainly due to higher adjusted
operating activities                                                      EBITDA and higher cash from working capital due mainly to the timing of supplier payments, partly offset by higher severance and
                                                                          other costs paid and higher income taxes paid. Additionally, there was lower cash from discontinued operations in 2021 as the sale of
                                                                          substantially all of our data centre operations was completed in Q4 2020.
Free cash flow             $2,850 million –          $2,995 million       Free cash flow decreased by $353 million in 2021, compared to 2020, mainly due to higher capital expenditures, partly offset by
                           $3,200 million                                 higher cash flows from operating activities, excluding cash from discontinued operations and acquisition and other costs paid.
Annualized                 $3.50 per share           $3.50 per            Annualized BCE common dividend per share for 2021 increased by 17 cents, or 5.1%, to $3.50 compared to $3.33 per share in 2020.
common dividend                                      share
per share

(1) Capital intensity is defined as capital expenditures divided by operating revenues.
(2) Adjusted EPS is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to section 11.2, Non-GAAP ratios in this MD&A for more information on this measure.

                                                                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 55
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks



3.2 Business outlook and assumptions
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our projected financial performance and expected contribution levels to our DB pension plans in 2022,
our network deployment plans and our 2022 annualized common share dividend and business outlook, objectives, plans and strategic priorities. Refer to the section Caution
regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.


We expect that our financial performance in 2022 will surpass                           The key 2022 operational priorities for BCE are:
pre-COVID-19 achieved in 2019 levels as we build on the favourable financial            • Maintain our market share of national operators’ postpaid mobile phone net
performance, significant broadband investments and operating momentum we                  additions
delivered in 2021. Due to uncertainties relating to the severity and duration of the
COVID-19 pandemic and possible resurgences in the number of COVID-19 cases              • Growth of our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base
and the potential emergence of other variants, and various potential outcomes, it is    • Continued deployment of 5G wireless network offering coverage that is
difficult at this time to estimate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our            competitive with other national operators
business or future financial results and related assumptions. Our business and
financial results could continue to be unfavourably impacted, and could again           • Increased adoption of unlimited data plans and device financing plans
become more significantly and negatively impacted, in future periods. In addition,      • Accelerated business customer adoption of advanced 5G and IoT solutions
the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to adversely impact us
                                                                                        • Continued growth in retail Internet and IPTV subscribers
will depend on future developments that are difficult to predict, including the
prevalence of COVID-19 variants that are more contagious and may lead to                • Further deployment of direct fibre to more homes and businesses within our
increased health risks, the timely distribution of effective vaccines and treatments,     wireline footprint
the potential development and distribution of new vaccines and treatments,              • Enhance Internet and TV product superiority through new service offerings and
vaccination hesitancy and the population level that chooses to remain                     innovation to provide an enhanced customer experience in the home
unvaccinated, the time required to achieve broad immunity, as well as new
information which may emerge concerning the severity and duration of the                • Cross sell to customers who do not have all their telecommunication services with
COVID-19 pandemic, including the number and intensity of resurgences in                   Bell
COVID-19 cases, and the actions required to contain the coronavirus or remedy its       • Realization of cost savings enabled by a growing direct fibre footprint, changes in
impacts, among others.                                                                    consumer behaviour, digital adoption, product innovation, expanding self-serve
                                                                                          capabilities, other improvements to the customer service experience,
Our strategic priorities in 2022 centre on:
                                                                                          management workforce reductions including attrition and retirements, and lower
• Achieving our accelerated network expansion targets                                     contracted rates from our suppliers
• Deploying growth capital to: drive higher Internet penetration and win share;         • Media revenue growth from expected continued strong demand in TV advertising,
  maintain momentum on our higher-value mobile phone and 5G strategy; and                 including scaling of SAM TV and Bell DSP buying platforms, and a gradual
  continue development on converged fibre and 5G IoT, MEC and other advanced              recovery in radio and OOH advertising combined with DTC subscriber growth,
  services to drive future growth                                                         while seeking to control TV programming and premium content cost escalation.
• Accelerating our digital-first media strategy                                         • Continued scaling of Crave through broader content offering, user experience
• Improving the customer experience with scaling of digital sales and support             improvements and Crave Mobile
  capabilities and functionality                                                        • Continued investment in Noovo original programming to better serve our French-
• Maintaining a sharp focus on our cost structure                                         language customers with a wider array of content, in the language of their choice,
                                                                                          on their preferred platforms
Underpinning our outlook for 2022 is a positive financial profile for all three Bell    • Optimize unique partnerships and strategic content investments to monetize
operating segments that reflects sound industry fundamentals and our consistent           content rights and Bell Media properties across all platforms
execution in a competitive marketplace. Wireless, retail Internet and TV subscriber
base growth, together with pricing discipline and the flow-through of operating cost    Our projected financial performance for 2022 enabled us to increase the annualized
savings from fibre-related operating efficiencies and continued service                 BCE common share dividend for 2022 by 18 cents, or 5.1%, to $3.68 per share.
improvement, are projected to drive year-over-year growth in revenue and adjusted
EBITDA. This, together with an expected reduction in contributions to our DB
pension plans and lower cash income taxes, is expected to drive higher free cash
flow, providing support for the higher BCE common share dividend for 2022, as
well as increased capital expenditures to forge ahead even more aggressively with
our largest-ever annual fibre buildout and expand the reach of our 5G network.


56 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks


ASSUMPTIONS
ASSUMPTIONS ABOUT THE CANADIAN ECONOMY                                                   MARKET ASSUMPTIONS
We have made certain assumptions concerning the Canadian economy, which in               • A consistently high level of wireline and wireless competition in consumer,
turn depend on important assumptions about the evolution of the                            business and wholesale markets
COVID-19 pandemic, including the progress of the vaccination rollout. Notably, it is
                                                                                         • Higher, but slowing, wireless industry penetration
assumed that most public health restrictions in Canada are eased in the first
quarter of 2022 and pandemic-related effects on demand diminish gradually over           • A shrinking data and voice connectivity market as business customers migrate to
time. In particular, we have assumed:                                                      lower-priced telecommunications solutions or alternative OTT competitors
• Strong economic growth as demand remains robust and supply recovers from               • While the advertising market continues to be adversely impacted by cancelled or
  the effects of the pandemic, given the Bank of Canada’s most recent estimated            delayed advertising campaigns from many sectors due to the economic downturn
  growth in Canadian gross domestic product of around 4% on average in 2022                during the COVID-19 pandemic, we do expect gradual recovery in 2022
• Strong household consumption growth supported by improving confidence and              • Declines in broadcasting distribution undertakings (BDU) subscribers driven by
  some spending of accumulated savings                                                     increasing competition from the continued rollout of subscription video-on-demand
                                                                                           streaming services together with further scaling of OTT aggregators
• Robust business investment outside the oil and gas sector due to growing
  demand, improving business confidence and the gradual easing of supply
  constraints                                                                            ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING EXPECTED REDUCTIONS
• Strong labour market
                                                                                         IN CONTRIBUTIONS TO OUR DB PENSION PLANS
• Higher immigration levels                                                              • At the relevant time, our DB pension plans will remain in funded positions with
                                                                                           going concern surpluses and maintain solvency ratios that exceed the minimum
• Interest rates expected to increase in 2022                                              legal requirements for a contribution holiday to be taken
• Elevated consumer price index (CPI) inflation from strong demand, supply               • No significant declines in investment returns or interest rates
  shortages and high energy prices over the first half of 2022. Inflation is
  anticipated to decline by the end of 2022 as these pandemic-related pressures          • No material experience losses from other unforeseen events such as through
  dissipate.                                                                               litigation or changes in laws, regulations or actuarial standards

• Canadian dollar expected to remain at or near current levels. Further
  movements may be impacted by the degree of strength of the U.S. dollar,
  interest rates and changes in commodity prices.




3.3 Principal business risks
Provided below is a summary description of certain of our principal business risks       the COVID-19 pandemic, resurgences in new COVID-19 cases and the emergence
that could have a material adverse effect on all of our segments. Certain additional     and progression of new variants have caused and could again cause governments
business segment-specific risks are reported in section 5, Business segment              to strengthen or re-introduce restrictive measures including, depending on a
analysis. For a detailed description of the principal risks relating to our regulatory   resurgence’s intensity, certain or all of the strict confinement measures and business
environment and a description of the other principal business risks that could have      closures previously mandated or, potentially, additional measures. The strengthening
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial     or re-introduction of restrictive measures, or a more prolonged duration of the
results or reputation, refer to section 8, Regulatory environment and section 9,         pandemic, could result in increased adverse economic disruption and financial
Business risks, respectively.                                                            market volatility. The uncertainty brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic could
                                                                                         result in increased insolvencies, bankruptcies, permanent store closures and
COVID-19 PANDEMIC AND ASSOCIATED                                                         decreased consumer and corporate spending in Canada and around the world.
GENERAL ECONOMIC CONDITIONS                                                              Economic uncertainty could continue or worsen for as long as measures taken to
                                                                                         contain the spread of COVID-19 persist and certain of such economic conditions
Since the COVID-19 pandemic’s inception, governments and businesses                      could continue even upon the gradual or complete removal of such measures and
worldwide have adopted restrictive measures to combat the spread of the                  thereafter. While government programs supporting workers and certain businesses,
coronavirus, such as physical distancing, the wearing of masks or face coverings         coupled with low interest rates, have sustained some level of consumer and
and capacity restrictions in public settings, the temporary closure of non-essential     business activities, it is unknown for what period of time such government programs
businesses and schools, stay-at-home and work-from-home policies, quarantine             will be maintained. In addition, it is difficult to predict the speed and magnitude of
periods, border closures, travel bans and advisories, vaccine passports, testing         travel and economic recovery, or the associated impact on our business, once
requirements, curfews and other restrictions. These measures have significantly          government programs and health restrictions limiting movement of people are
disrupted retail and commercial activities in most sectors of the economy. While         withdrawn.
the subsequent easing of certain of these measures across Canada allowed many
businesses to resume or increase some level of activities, often with certain
operational adjustments, amid the uncertainty caused by

                                                                                                                                            BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 57
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks

Restrictive measures adopted or encouraged to combat the spread of the                    pressures on advertisers have led to the cancellation or deferral of advertising
coronavirus and the resulting adverse economic conditions are expected to                 campaigns. These events have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely
continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and financial   affect, for as long as they persist, Bell Media’s revenues.
results for as long as such measures remain in place or are re-introduced and
potentially upon and after their gradual or complete removal and such adverse             In addition, risk factors including, without limitation, those described in section 9,
effect could be material. Should the COVID-19 pandemic continue for a more                Business risks, have been and/or could be exacerbated, or become more likely to
prolonged period of time or worsen, it could result in more financial hardship            materialize, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. While we have implemented
adversely affecting spending by our customers, both businesses and consumers,             business continuity plans and taken additional steps where required, including
which could continue or accelerate the decrease in the purchase of certain of our         various preventive measures and precautions, there can be no assurance that these
products and services. It may also result in continued suppression by customers of        actions in response to the COVID-19 pandemic will succeed in preventing or
mobile phone data and offloading onto Wi-Fi networks as customers work from               mitigating, in whole or in part, the negative impacts of the pandemic on our company,
home, as well as influence customer adoption of new services including, without           employees or customers, and these actions may have adverse effects on our
limitation, 5G and IoT.                                                                   business, that may continue following the COVID-19 pandemic.

A more prolonged COVID-19 pandemic could continue to result in lower business             As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, there is a higher degree of uncertainty in
customer activity, which could continue to lead to further reduction or cancellation      determining forward-looking information, including BCE’s 2022 financial guidance.
of our services due to economic uncertainty. These adverse results would be               The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to adversely impact our
exacerbated should the temporary closure of certain businesses continue or be             business and financial results will depend on future developments that are difficult to
reintroduced as a result of resurgences in the number of COVID-19 cases.                  predict, including the prevalence of COVID-19 variants that are more contagious and
Business customers may continue to postpone purchases of hardware products,               may lead to increased health risks, the timely distribution of vaccines and treatments
downgrade data connectivity speeds, or re-prioritize various business projects with       and their long-term effectiveness, the potential development and distribution of new
a focus on business continuity instead of growth. We may be unable to perform             vaccines and treatments, vaccination hesitancy and the number of individuals who
work and render services on the premises of certain business customers due to             choose to remain unvaccinated, the time required to achieve broad immunity, as well
existing, new or reintroduced government guidelines and health and safety                 as new information which may emerge concerning the severity and duration of the
measures. Finally, a certain number of our business customers could become                COVID-19 pandemic, including the number and intensity of resurgences in
insolvent or otherwise cease to carry on business as a result of the                      COVID-19 cases, and the actions required to contain the coronavirus or remedy its
COVID-19 pandemic.                                                                        impacts, among others. Any of the developments and risks referred to above and
                                                                                          elsewhere in this MD&A, and others arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, could
Measures adopted to combat the spread of COVID-19 have resulted in the                    have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial
suspension, delay or cancellation of some live programming and other productions,         results or reputation.
resulting in reduced audience levels in certain Bell Media market segments. In
addition, measures such as social distancing and stay-at-home and work-from-
home policies have adversely impacted Bell Media’s radio audience levels and
OOH business, while economic



COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT
Competitive activity in our industry, including from technological                        Technology substitution, IP networks and recent regulatory decisions, in particular,
substitution and the expansion of alternative service providers, is intense               continue to facilitate entry in our industry. In addition, the effects of government
and contributes to disruptions in each of our business segments                           policies reserving spectrum at favourable pricing for regional facilities-based wireless
                                                                                          service providers continue to impact market dynamics. Together, these factors have
As the scope of our businesses increases and evolving technologies drive new              changed industry economics and allowed competitors to launch new products and
services, delivery models and strategic partnerships, our competitive landscape           services and gain market share with far less investment in financial, marketing,
intensifies and expands to include new and emerging competitors, certain of which         human, technological and network resources than has historically been required. In
were historically our partners or suppliers, as well as global-scale competitors,         particular, some competitors deliver their services over our networks, leveraging
including, in particular, cloud and OTT service providers, IoT hardware and               regulatory obligations applicable to us, therefore limiting their need to invest in
software providers, voice over IP (VoIP) providers and other web-based players            building their own networks and impacting the network-based differentiation of our
that are penetrating the telecommunications space with significant resources and a        services. Such lower required investment challenges the monetization of our
large customer base over which to amortize costs. Certain of these competitors are        networks and our operating model. Moreover, foreign OTT players are currently not
changing the competitive landscape by establishing material positions, which has          subject to the same Canadian content investment obligations as those imposed on
accelerated during the COVID-19 pandemic. Established competitors further seek            Canadian domestic digital suppliers, which provides them with a competitive
to consolidate or expand their product offerings through acquisitions in order to         advantage over us.
increase scale and market opportunities in light of these changes in market
dynamics. Failure to effectively respond to such evolving competitive dynamics
could adversely affect our business and financial results.


58 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks

Greater customer adoption of services like 5G, as well as IoT services and               • The timely rollout of 5G mobile service may be adversely impacted by government
applications in the areas of retail (e.g., home automation), business (e.g., remote        decisions, constraints on access to network equipment, the limited availability of
monitoring), transportation (e.g., connected car and asset tracking) and urban city        5G-compatible handsets due to supply chain disruptions and inventory
optimization (smart cities), is expected to accelerate growth opportunities as well        constraints, labour shortages and potential operational challenges in delivering
as competition in these areas. If we are unable to develop and deploy new                  new technology
solutions in advance of or concurrently with our competitors, or if the market does      • The accelerated cloud-based and OTT-based substitution and the market
not adopt these new technologies in pace with our deployment of new solutions,             expansion of lower-cost VoIP, collaboration and software-defined networking in a
our business and financial results could be adversely affected.                            wide area network (SD WAN) solutions offered by local and global competitors,
We expect these trends, some of which have intensified during the COVID-                   such as traditional software players, are changing our approach to service
19 pandemic, to continue in the future, and the increased competition we face as a         offerings and pricing and could have an adverse effect on our business
result could negatively impact our business including, without limitation, in the        • Spending rationalization by business customers could lead to further reductions in
following ways:                                                                            sales of traditional connectivity value-added services and margin erosion, driven
• The acceleration of disruptions and disintermediation in each of our business            by technology substitution, economic factors and customers’ operational
  segments could adversely affect our business and financial results                       efficiencies
• The COVID-19 pandemic and the restrictive measures mandated or                         • Multinational business consumers’ desire to consolidate global network service
  recommended to contain the spread of the coronavirus have changed consumer               supply with one supplier could accelerate the disruptions in our wireline segment
  behaviour and activity and the way businesses operate, and such changes could          • The pressure from simpler, lower-cost, agile service models is driving in-sourcing
  continue or further evolve for as long as such measures persist, and potentially         trends, which could have an adverse impact on our managed services business
  thereafter, which could adversely affect the sale of our products and services, as
  well as our revenues and cash flows                                                    • Subscriber and viewer growth is challenged by changing viewer habits, the
                                                                                           expansion and accelerated market penetration of global scale low-cost OTT
• Adverse economic conditions, such as economic downturns or recessions,                   content providers, OTT aggregators and other alternative service providers, some
  increasing interest rates and inflation, adverse conditions in the financial markets     of which may offer content as loss leaders to support their core business, as well
  or a declining level of retail and commercial activity, could have a negative            as account stacking, Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications
  impact on the demand for, and prices of, our wireline, wireless and media                Commission (CRTC) arbitration and a fragmentation of audience due to an
  products and services                                                                    abundance of choices
• Competitors’ aggressive market offers, combined with heightened customer               • Competition with global competitors such as Netflix, Amazon and Disney, in
  sensitivity around pricing, could result in pricing pressures, lower margins and         addition to traditional Canadian TV competitors, for programming content could
  increased costs of customer acquisition and retention, and our market share and          drive significant increases in content acquisition and development costs as well as
  sales volumes could decrease if we do not match competitors’ pricing levels or           reduced access to key content as some competitors withhold content to enhance
  increase customer acquisition and retention spending                                     their OTT service offering
• The proposed combination of Rogers Communications Inc. (Rogers) and Shaw               • The proliferation of content piracy could negatively impact our ability to monetize
  Communications Inc. (Shaw) could create a Canadian competitor with larger                products and services beyond our current expectations, while creating bandwidth
  scale, which could have implications for each of our business segments                   pressure without corresponding revenue growth in the context of regulated
• Should our value proposition on pricing, network, speed, service or features not         wholesale high-speed Internet access rates
  be considered sufficient for customers in light of available alternatives, or should   • Traditional radio faces accelerated substitution from new music players and
  our products and services not be provided over customers’ preferred delivery             alternative streaming services such as those offered by global audio streaming
  channels, this could lead to increased churn                                             players and those made available by new technologies, including smart car
• The shift to online transactions during the COVID-19 pandemic amid store                 services, which has been exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic due to a
  closures and reduced store traffic could continue, thereby adversely impacting           decline in radio audience driven by reduced travel needs and altered daily routines
  our ability to leverage our extensive retail network to increase the number of         • The launch by Canadian and international competitors of low earth orbit (LEO)
  subscribers and sell our products and services                                           satellites to provide connectivity, primarily in rural areas and the North, intensifies
• The convergence of wireline and wireless services is impacting product                   competition, which could adversely affect our network deployment strategy in such
  purchase choice by customers and could accelerate product substitution in                areas and negatively impact demand for our connectivity services. The ability of
  favour of lower-margin products as well as accelerate churn, which trends are            our subsidiary Northwestel, operating in Canada’s North, to respond to the
  expected to increase with the introduction of 5G                                         competitive threat from these providers is further hampered by CRTC retail
                                                                                           Internet regulations.
• Regulatory decisions regarding wholesale access to our wireless and fibre
  networks could facilitate entry of new competitors, including OTT players, or          For a further discussion of our competitive environment and related risks, as well as
  strengthen the market position of current competitors, which may negatively            a list of our main competitors, on a segmented basis, refer to Competitive landscape
  impact our retail subscriber base in favour of lower-margin wholesale                  and industry trends and Principal business risks in section 5, Business segment
  subscribers and thus could negatively impact our capacity to optimize scale and        analysis.
  invest in our networks


                                                                                                                                            BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 59
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks


REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT
Our regulatory environment influences our strategies, and adverse                     Adverse decisions by governments or regulatory agencies, increased regulation or
governmental or regulatory decisions could have negative financial,                   lack of effective anti-piracy remedies could have negative financial, operational,
operational, reputational or competitive consequences for our business                reputational or competitive consequences for our business. As a result of the
                                                                                      COVID-19 pandemic, additional legislation or regulations, regulatory initiatives or
Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated, government agencies     proceedings, or government consultations or positions, may be adopted or instituted,
and departments such as the CRTC, Innovation, Science and Economic                    as the case may be, that impose additional constraints on our operations and may
Development Canada (ISED), Canadian Heritage and the Competition Bureau               adversely impact our ability to compete in the marketplace.
continue to play a significant role in regulatory matters such as mandatory access
to networks, spectrum auctions, the imposition of consumer-related codes of           For a discussion of our regulatory environment and the principal risks related
conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign          thereto, refer to section 8, Regulatory environment as well as the applicable
ownership requirements and control of copyright piracy. As with all regulated         segment discussions under Principal business risks in section 5, Business segment
organizations, strategies are contingent upon regulatory decisions.                   analysis.



SECURITY MANAGEMENT AND DATA GOVERNANCE
Our operations, service performance, reputation and business continuity               We are also exposed to information security threats as a result of actions that may
depend on how well we protect our physical and non-physical assets,                   be taken by our customers, suppliers, outsourcers, business partners, employees or
including from information security threats                                           independent third parties, whether malicious or not, including as a result of the use
                                                                                      of social media, cloud-based solutions and IT consumerization. Our use of third-
Our operations, service performance, reputation and business continuity depend        party suppliers and outsourcers and reliance on business partners, which may also
on how well we protect our physical and non-physical assets, including networks,      be subject to information security threats, also expose us to risks as we have less
IT systems, offices, corporate stores and sensitive information, from events such     immediate oversight over their IT domains. Furthermore, the introduction of 5G,
as information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry, fire, natural          cloud computing and the proliferation of data services, including mobile TV, mobile
disasters, power loss, building cooling loss, acts of war or terrorism, sabotage,     commerce, mobile banking and IoT applications, as well as increased digitization
vandalism, actions of neighbours and other events. The protection and effective       and the use of emerging technologies such as AI, robotics and smart contracts
organization of our systems, applications and information repositories are central    leveraging blockchain for digital certification, have significantly increased the threat
to the secure and continuous operation of our networks and business, as               surface of our network and systems, resulting in higher complexity that needs to be
electronic and physical records of proprietary business and personal data, such as    carefully monitored and managed to minimize security threats. Failure to implement
confidential customer and employee information, are all sensitive from a market       an information security program that efficiently considers relationships and
and privacy perspective.                                                              interactions with business partners, suppliers, customers, employees and other third
Information security breaches can result from deliberate or unintended actions by a   parties across all methods of communication, including social media and cloud-
growing number of sophisticated actors, including hackers, organized criminals,       based solutions, could adversely affect our ability to successfully defend against
state-sponsored organizations and other parties. Information security attacks have    information security attacks.
grown in complexity, magnitude and frequency in recent years and the potential for    The COVID-19 pandemic has increased our exposure to information security
damage is increasing. Information security attacks may be perpetrated using a         threats. Remote work arrangements of our employees and those of our suppliers
complex array of ever evolving and changing means including, without limitation,      have increased remote connectivity to our systems and the potential use of
the use of stolen credentials, social engineering, computer viruses and malicious     unauthorized communications technologies. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic
software, phishing and other attacks on network and information systems.              has seen an increase in global criminal activity, which further pressures our security
Information security attacks aim to achieve various malicious objectives including    environment.
unauthorized access to, ransom/encryption of, and theft of, confidential,
proprietary, sensitive or personal information, as well as extortion and business
disruptions.


60 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
3 MD&A Performance targets, outlook, assumptions and risks

If information security threats were to become successful attacks resulting in               Failure to implement effective data governance could harm our brand and
information security breaches, they could harm our brand, reputation and                     reputation, expose us to regulatory pressure and penalties, constrain our
competitiveness, decrease customer and investor confidence and adversely affect              competitive opportunities, and adversely affect our business and financial
our business, financial results, stock price and long-term shareholder value, given          results
that they could lead to:
                                                                                             To achieve our purpose of advancing how Canadians connect with each other and
• Network operating failures and business disruptions, which could negatively                the world, we must preserve the social licence from our customers and all
  impact our ability to sell products and services to our customers and adversely            Canadians to collect and use data in our operations. A strong and consistently
  affect their ability to maintain normal business operations and deliver critical           applied approach to data governance is critical to maintaining that social licence,
  services, and/or the ability of third-party suppliers to deliver critical services to us   requiring us to focus on respecting the privacy of our customers’ data and protecting
• Unauthorized access to proprietary or sensitive information about our business,            such data against information security threats. As our operations involve receiving,
  which could result in diminished competitive advantages and loss of future                 processing and storing such proprietary business and personal data, effective
  business opportunities                                                                     policies, procedures and controls must be implemented to protect information
                                                                                             systems and underlying data in accordance with applicable privacy legislation.
• Theft, loss, unauthorized disclosure, destruction, encryption or corruption of data        Failure to meet customer and employee expectations regarding the appropriate use
  and confidential information, including personal information about our customers           and protection of their data can have negative reputational, business and financial
  or employees, that could result in financial loss, exposure to claims for damages          consequences for the company.
  by customers, employees and others, extortion threats due to ransomware and
  difficulty in accessing materials to defend legal actions                                  There has also been increased regulatory scrutiny over the use, collection, and
• Lost revenue resulting from the unauthorized use of proprietary information or             disclosure of personal information in Canada. We are subject to various privacy
  the failure to retain or attract customers after an incident                               legislation, such as Canada’s anti-spam legislation (CASL) and the Personal
                                                                                             Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, as well as foreign privacy
• Physical damage to network assets impacting service continuity                             legislation via the mandatory flow-through of privacy-related obligations by our
• Fines and sanctions for failure to meet legislative requirements or from credit            customers, including those of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU). Global
  card providers for failing to comply with payment card industry data security              and domestic regulation around privacy and data practices are evolving rapidly and
  standards for protection of cardholder data                                                new or amended privacy legislation has been proposed federally and in a number of
                                                                                             Canadian provincial jurisdictions with significant obligations, limitations on the use of
• Increased fraud as criminals leverage stolen information against our customers,            personal information, penalties and short implementation horizons. Our data
  our employees or our company                                                               governance framework must not only meet applicable privacy requirements, but also
• Remediation costs such as liability for stolen information, equipment repair and           be able to evolve for continuous improvement. Effective data governance is also a
  service recovery, and incentives to customers or business partners in an effort to         component of good ESG practices, which are considered an increasingly important
  maintain relationships after an incident                                                   measure of corporate performance and value creation.
• Increased information security protection costs, including the costs of deploying          Failure to implement effective data governance encompassing the protection and
  additional personnel and protection technologies, training and monitoring                  appropriate use of data across its life cycle, and incorporating data governance as a
  employees, and engaging third-party security experts and auditors                          core consideration in our business initiatives and technology decisions, could harm
• Changes in the terms, conditions and pricing of customer, supplier and financial           our brand, reputation and competitiveness, decrease customer and investor
  contracts and agreements that we may have                                                  confidence and adversely affect our business and financial results. It could give rise
                                                                                             to litigation, investigations, fines and liability for failure to comply with increasingly
In light of the evolving nature and sophistication of information security threats, our      stringent privacy legislation, as well as increased audit and regulatory scrutiny that
information security policies, procedures and controls must continuously adapt and           could divert resources from business operations.
evolve in order to seek to mitigate risk and, consequently, require constant
monitoring to ensure effectiveness. However, given the complexity and scale of our
business, network infrastructure, technology and IT supporting systems, there can
be no assurance that the security policies, procedures and controls that we
implement will be effective against all information security attacks. In addition,
there can be no assurance that any insurance we may have will cover all or part of
the costs, damages, liabilities or losses that could result from the occurrence of
any information security breach.


                                                                                                                                                 BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 61
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis


4           Consolidated financial analysis
This section provides detailed information and analysis about BCE’s performance in 2021 compared with 2020. It focuses on BCE’s consolidated operating
results and provides financial information for our Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media business segments. For further discussion and analysis of our
business segments, refer to section 5, Business segment analysis.



4.1 Introduction
BCE CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 2021             2020          $ CHANGE          % CHANGE

Operating revenues
     Service                                                                                   20,350           19,832              518             2.6%
     Product                                                                                    3,099            3,051               48             1.6%
Total operating revenues                                                                       23,449           22,883              566             2.5%
Operating costs                                                                               (13,556)         (13,276)            (280)            (2.1%)
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                 9,893            9,607              286             3.0%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                           42.2%            42.0%                             0.2 pts
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                           (209)            (116)             (93)           (80.2%)
Depreciation                                                                                   (3,627)          (3,475)            (152)            (4.4%)
Amortization                                                                                     (982)            (929)             (53)            (5.7%)
Finance costs
     Interest expense                                                                          (1,082)          (1,110)              28             2.5%
     Interest on post-employment benefit obligations                                              (20)             (46)              26            56.5%
Impairment of assets                                                                             (197)            (472)             275            58.3%
Other income (expense)                                                                           160              (194)             354               n.m.
Income taxes                                                                                   (1,044)            (792)            (252)           (31.8%)
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                         2,892            2,473              419            16.9%
Net earnings from discontinued operations                                                           –             226              (226)          (100.0%)
Net earnings                                                                                    2,892            2,699              193             7.2%
Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to:
     Common shareholders                                                                        2,709            2,272              437            19.2%
     Preferred shareholders                                                                      131              136                 (5)           (3.7%)
     Non-controlling interest                                                                     52               65               (13)           (20.0%)
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                         2,892            2,473              419            16.9%
Net earnings attributable to:
     Common shareholders                                                                        2,709            2,498              211             8.4%
     Preferred shareholders                                                                      131              136                 (5)           (3.7%)
     Non-controlling interest                                                                     52               65               (13)           (20.0%)
Net earnings                                                                                    2,892            2,699              193             7.2%
Adjusted net earnings                                                                           2,895            2,730              165             6.0%
Net earnings per common share (EPS)
     Continuing operations                                                                       2.99             2.51             0.48            19.1%
     Discontinued operations                                                                        –             0.25             (0.25)         (100.0%)
Net earnings per common share                                                                    2.99             2.76             0.23             8.3%
Adjusted EPS                                                                                     3.19             3.02             0.17             5.6%

n.m.: not meaningful

62 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis


BCE STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS – SELECTED INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                                2021                    2020               $ CHANGE                  % CHANGE

Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                          8,008                   7,754                     254                      3.3%
Capital expenditures                                                                                                                         (4,837)                 (4,202)                   (635)                   (15.1%)
Free cash flow                                                                                                                                2,995                   3,348                    (353)                   (10.5%)



BCE operating revenues grew 2.5%, over last year, reflecting our strong                                             BCE’s adjusted EBITDA grew by 3.0% in 2021, compared to 2020, attributable to
operational execution as we continued to recover from the effects of the                                            growth across all three segments and includes the unfavourable retroactive impact
COVID-19 pandemic and includes the unfavourable retroactive impact of the                                           of the Q2 2021 CRTC decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services of
Q2 2021 CRTC decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services of                                           $44 million. The growth was due to higher revenues, offset in part by greater
$44 million. The increase in operating revenues was driven by higher year-over-                                     operating costs in Bell Media and Bell Wireless, moderated by lower costs in Bell
year service revenues of 2.6% from continued growth in our mobile phones, retail                                    Wireline. This resulted in an adjusted EBITDA margin of 42.2% in 2021, which
Internet and IPTV subscriber bases combined with rate increases, as well as                                         represented a 0.2 pts increase over last year, driven by greater service revenue
higher media advertising and subscriber revenues. This growth was moderated by                                      flow-through and the non-recurrence of a number of COVID-19 related expenses
ongoing erosion in our voice, satellite TV and legacy data revenues. Product                                        incurred last year.
revenues were also up year over year, increasing by 1.6%, primarily due to a
higher sales mix of premium mobile phones in Bell Wireless, offset in part by                                       In 2021, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities increased by $254 million,
reduced equipment sales in our large business market.                                                               compared to 2020, mainly due to higher adjusted EBITDA and higher cash from
                                                                                                                    working capital due mainly to the timing of supplier payments, partly offset by higher
In 2021, net earnings increased by 7.2%, compared to 2020, mainly due to higher                                     severance and other costs paid and higher income taxes paid. Additionally, there
adjusted EBITDA, higher other income and lower impairment of assets primarily at                                    was lower cash from discontinued operations in 2021 as the sale of substantially all
our Bell Media segment, partly offset by higher income taxes, lower net earnings                                    of our data centre operations was completed in Q4 2020.
from discontinued operations as a result of a gain on sale, net of taxes, of
$211 million in Q4 2020 from the completion of the sale of substantially all of our                                 Free cash flow decreased by $353 million in 2021, compared to 2020, mainly due to
data centre operations, higher depreciation and amortization, and higher                                            higher capital expenditures, partly offset by higher cash flows from operating
severance, acquisition and other costs.                                                                             activities, excluding cash from discontinued operations and acquisition and other
                                                                                                                    costs paid.




4.2 Customer connections
BCE NET ACTIVATIONS (LOSSES)
                                                                                                                                                                       2021                      2020                % CHANGE

Wireless mobile phone net subscriber activation (losses) (1)                                                                                                      294,842                   190,675                     54.6%
    Postpaid                                                                                                                                                      301,706                   152,693                     97.6%
    Prepaid                                                                                                                                                         (6,864)                  37,982                        n.m.
Wireless mobile connected devices net subscriber activations (1)                                                                                                  193,641                   227,981                    (15.1%)
Wireline retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations                                                                                                    152,285                   148,989                       2.2%
Wireline retail TV net subscriber activations (losses)                                                                                                               2,530                  (33,859)                       n.m.
    IPTV                                                                                                                                                           76,068                    39,191                     94.1%
    Satellite                                                                                                                                                     (73,538)                  (73,050)                     (0.7%)
Wireline retail residential NAS lines net losses                                                                                                                 (185,327)                 (213,551)                    13.2%
Total services net activations                                                                                                                                    457,971                   320,235                     43.0%

n.m.: not meaningful
(1) Effective January 1, 2021, we changed our wireless operating metrics to reflect our revised approach to reporting wireless subscriber units. Consequently, we are now reporting in two categories, mobile phone subscriber units
    and mobile connected device subscriber units (e.g. tablets, wearables and mobile Internet devices). Additionally, mobile connected device subscribers now include previously undisclosed IoT units (e.g. connected telematics
    services, monitoring devices, connected cars and fleet management solutions). These changes are consistent with the way we manage our business, reflect our focus on mobile phone subscribers and align to industry peers.
    As a result, previously reported 2020 subscribers and associated operating metrics (gross and net activations (losses) and churn) have been restated for comparability. See section 11.6, KPIs, in this MD&A for more details.

                                                                                                                                                                                     BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 63
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis

TOTAL BCE CUSTOMER CONNECTIONS
                                                                                                                                                                        2021                      2020                % CHANGE

Wireless mobile phone subscribers (1)                                                                                                                           9,459,185                 9,164,343                       3.2%
    Postpaid                                                                                                                                                    8,630,045                 8,328,339                       3.6%
    Prepaid                                                                                                                                                       829,140                   836,004                      (0.8%)
Wireless mobile connected devices subscribers (1)                                                                                                               2,249,794                 2,056,153                       9.4%
Wireline retail high-speed Internet subscribers (2)                                                                                                             3,861,653                 3,704,590                       4.2%
Wireline retail TV subscribers (3)                                                                                                                              2,735,010                 2,738,605                      (0.1%)
    IPTV                                                                                                                                                        1,882,441                 1,806,373                       4.2%
    Satellite (3)                                                                                                                                                 852,569                   932,232                      (8.5%)
Wireline retail residential NAS lines                                                                                                                           2,298,605                 2,483,932                      (7.5%)
Total services subscribers                                                                                                                                     20,604,247                20,147,623                       2.3%

(1) Effective January 1, 2021, we changed our wireless operating metrics to reflect our revised approach to reporting wireless subscriber units. Consequently, we are now reporting in two categories, mobile phone subscriber units
    and mobile connected device subscriber units (e.g. tablets, wearables and mobile Internet devices). Additionally, mobile connected device subscribers now include previously undisclosed IoT units (e.g. connected telematics
    services, monitoring devices, connected cars and fleet management solutions). These changes are consistent with the way we manage our business, reflect our focus on mobile phone subscribers and align to industry peers.
    As a result, previously reported 2020 subscribers and associated operating metrics (gross and net activations (losses) and churn) have been restated for comparability. See section 11.6, KPIs, in this MD&A for more details.
(2) At the beginning of Q1 2021, our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base was increased by 4,778 subscribers due to the transfer of fixed wireless Internet subscribers from our mobile connected devices subscriber base.
(3) At the beginning of Q1 2021, we adjusted our satellite TV subscriber base to remove 6,125 non-revenue generating units.


BCE added 457,971 net retail subscriber activations in 2021, increasing by 43.0%                                    At December 31, 2021, BCE’s retail subscriber connections totaled 20,604,247, up
compared to last year. The net retail subscriber activations in 2021 consisted of:                                  2.3% year over year, and consisted of:
• 294,842 wireless mobile phone net subscriber activations, along with                                              • 9,459,185 wireless mobile phone subscribers, up 3.2% year over year, and
  193,641 wireless mobile connected devices net subscriber activations                                                2,249,794 wireless mobile connected devices subscribers, up 9.4% year over year
• 152,285 retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations                                                     • 3,861,653 retail high-speed Internet subscribers, 4.2% higher than last year
• 2,530 retail TV net subscriber activations comprised of 76,068 retail IPTV net                                    • 2,735,010 total retail TV subscribers, down 0.1% compared to last year,
  subscriber activations, offset in part by 73,538 retail satellite TV net subscriber                                 comprised of 852,569 retail satellite TV subscribers, down 8.5% year over year,
  losses                                                                                                              and 1,882,441 retail IPTV subscribers, up 4.2% year over year
• 185,327 retail residential NAS lines net losses                                                                   • 2,298,605 retail residential NAS lines, down 7.5% over last year




4.3 Operating revenues
BCE
Revenues
(in $ millions)




                                                                                                                                              2021                       2020                 $ CHANGE              % CHANGE

                                                                    Bell Wireless                                                           8,999                     8,683                        316                   3.6%
                                                                    Bell Wireline                                                         12,178                     12,206                         (28)                (0.2%)
                                                                    Bell Media                                                              3,036                     2,750                        286                 10.4%
                                                                    Inter-segment eliminations                                               (764)                      (756)                        (8)                (1.1%)

                                                                    Total BCE operating revenues                                          23,449                     22,883                        566                   2.5%


64 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis

BCE
Total operating revenues at BCE increased by 2.5% in 2021, compared to last                                           The year-over-year increase in 2021 operating revenues was driven by growth in our
year, as we continued to recover from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and                                        Bell Wireless and Bell Media segments, offset in part by a decline in our Bell
includes the unfavourable retroactive impact of the Q2 2021 CRTC decision on                                          Wireline segment. Bell Wireless operating revenues increased by 3.6% compared to
wholesale high-speed Internet access services of $44 million. BCE service                                             last year due to both higher service revenues of 3.7% and higher product revenues
revenues of $20,350 million and product revenues of $3,099 million in 2021, grew                                      of 3.4%. Bell Media operating revenues grew by 10.4% in 2021, from higher
by 2.6% and 1.6%, respectively, over last year.                                                                       advertising and subscriber revenues. Bell Wireline operating revenues declined by
                                                                                                                      0.2% in 2021, due to lower product revenues of 7.0%, offset in part by service
                                                                                                                      revenue growth of 0.1%, from higher data and other services revenues, offset in part
                                                                                                                      by ongoing voice erosion.



4.4 Operating costs
BCE                                                                         BCE                                                                              BCE
Operating costs                                                             Operating cost profile                                                           Operating cost profile
(in $ millions)                                                             2020                                                                             2021




                                                                                                                                                   2021                      2020               $ CHANGE              % CHANGE

Bell Wireless                                                                                                                                   (5,146)                   (5,017)                   (129)               (2.6%)
Bell Wireline                                                                                                                                   (6,863)                   (6,960)                      97               1.4%
Bell Media                                                                                                                                      (2,311)                   (2,055)                   (256)              (12.5%)
Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                                         764                       756                        8               1.1%
Total BCE operating costs                                                                                                                     (13,556)                  (13,276)                    (280)               (2.1%)

(1) Cost of revenues includes costs of wireless devices and other equipment sold, network and content costs, and payments to other carriers.
(2) Labour costs (net of capitalized costs) include wages, salaries and related taxes and benefits, post-employment benefit plans service cost, and other labour costs, including contractor and outsourcing costs.
(3) Other operating costs include marketing, advertising and sales commission costs, bad debt expense, taxes other than income taxes, IT costs, professional service fees and rent.


BCE
BCE operating costs increased by 2.1% compared to 2020, due to greater expenses in Bell Media of 12.5% and Bell Wireless of 2.6%, offset in part by reduced expenses in
Bell Wireline of 1.4%. The increase in operating expenses was mainly driven by higher wireless cost of goods sold and increased media programming and production costs.
                                                                                                                                                                                        BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 65
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis


4.5 Net earnings
BCE                                                   In 2021, net earnings increased by 7.2%, compared to 2020, mainly due to higher adjusted EBITDA, higher other
Net earnings                                          income and lower impairment of assets primarily at our Bell Media segment, partly offset by higher income taxes, lower
(in $ millions)                                       net earnings from discontinued operations as a result of a gain on sale, net of taxes, of $211 million in Q4 2020 from
                                                      the completion of the sale of substantially all of our data centre operations, higher depreciation and amortization, and
                                                      higher severance, acquisition and other costs.




4.6 Adjusted EBITDA
BCE                                                   BCE
Adjusted EBITDA                                       Adjusted EBITDA
(in $ millions)                                       (in $ millions)
                                                      (% adjusted EBITDA margin)




                                                                                                                2021               2020          $ CHANGE          % CHANGE

Bell Wireless                                                                                                 3,853              3,666               187               5.1%
Bell Wireline                                                                                                 5,315              5,246                69               1.3%
Bell Media                                                                                                      725                695                30               4.3%
Total BCE adjusted EBITDA                                                                                     9,893              9,607               286               3.0%


BCE
BCE’s adjusted EBITDA grew by 3.0% in 2021, compared to last year, driven by growth across all three of our segments and includes the unfavourable retroactive impact of
the Q2 2021 CRTC decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services of $44 million. The growth was attributable to higher operating revenues, moderated by
greater operating costs. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 42.2% in 2021, increased by 0.2 pts over last year, mainly driven by greater service revenue flow-through and the
non-recurrence of a number of COVID-19 related expenses incurred last year.



4.7 Severance, acquisition and other costs
This category includes various income and expenses that are not related directly to the operating revenues generated during the year. This includes severance costs
consisting of charges related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations, as well as transaction costs, such as legal and financial advisory fees, related to completed
or potential acquisitions, employee severance costs related to the purchase of a business, the costs to integrate acquired companies into our operations, costs relating to
litigation and regulatory decisions, when they are significant, and other costs.
66 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis

BCE                                                             2021
Severance, acquisition                                          Severance, acquisition and other costs included:
and other costs
(in $ millions)                                                 • Severance costs of $171 million related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations
                                                                • Acquisition and other costs of $38 million

                                                                2020
                                                                Severance, acquisition and other costs included:
                                                                • Severance costs of $35 million related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations
                                                                • Acquisition and other costs of $81 million




4.8 Depreciation and amortization
The amount of our depreciation and amortization in any        BCE                                                       BCE
year is affected by:                                          Depreciation                                              Amortization
• How much we invested in new property, plant and             (in $ millions)                                           (in $ millions)
  equipment and intangible assets in previous years
• How many assets we retired during the year
• Estimates of the useful lives of assets




DEPRECIATION                                                                              AMORTIZATION
Depreciation in 2021 increased by $152 million, compared to 2020, in part due to a        Amortization in 2021 increased by $53 million, compared to 2020, mainly due to a
higher asset base as we continued to invest in our broadband and wireless                 higher asset base.
networks as well as our IPTV services and accelerated depreciation of 4G network
elements as we transition to 5G.



4.9 Finance costs
BCE                                         BCE                                  INTEREST EXPENSE
Interest expense                            Interest on                          Interest expense in 2021 decreased by $28 million, compared to 2020, mainly due to lower
(in $ millions)                             post-employment                      interest rates, partly offset by higher average debt levels.
                                            benefit obligations
                                            (in $ millions)
                                                                                 INTEREST ON POST-EMPLOYMENT
                                                                                 BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
                                                                                 Interest on our post-employment benefit obligations is based on market conditions that
                                                                                 existed at the beginning of the year. On January 1, 2021, the discount rate was 2.6%
                                                                                 compared to 3.1% on January 1, 2020.
                                                                                 In 2021, interest expense on post-employment benefit obligations decreased by $26 million,
                                                                                 compared to last year, due to a lower discount rate and a lower net post-employment benefit
                                                                                 obligation at the beginning of the year.
                                                                                 The impacts of changes in market conditions during the year are recognized in other
                                                                                 comprehensive income (OCI).


                                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 67
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis


4.10 Impairment of assets
2021                                                                                                                                       BCE
During the second quarter of 2021, we identified indicators of impairment for our Bell Media radio markets, notably a decline in           Impairment of assets
                                                                                                                                           (in $ millions)
advertising revenue and an increase in the discount rate resulting from the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
Accordingly, impairment testing was required for our group of radio cash generating units (CGUs).
During Q2 2021, we recognized $163 million of impairment charges for various radio markets within our Bell Media segment.
These charges included $150 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences, and $13 million to
property, plant and equipment mainly for buildings and network infrastructure and equipment.
There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill.

2020
During the second quarter of 2020, we identified indicators of impairment for certain of our Bell Media TV services and radio
markets, notably declines in advertising revenues, lower subscriber revenues and overall increases in discount rates resulting
from the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Accordingly, impairment testing was required for certain groups of CGUs
as well as for goodwill.
During Q2 2020, we recognized $452 million of impairment charges for our English and French TV services as well as various
radio markets within our Bell Media segment. These charges included $291 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for
broadcast licences, $146 million allocated to finite-life intangible assets, mainly for program and feature film rights, and $15 million
to property, plant and equipment for network and infrastructure and equipment.
There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill.



4.11 Other income (expense)
Other income (expense) includes income and expense items, such as:                                                                         BCE
• Net mark-to-market gains or losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans               Other income (expense)
                                                                                                                                           (in $ millions)
• Early debt redemption costs
• Equity income or losses from investments in associates and joint ventures
• Gains or losses on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
• Net gains or losses on investments, including gains or losses when we dispose of, write down or reduce our ownership in
  investments




2021                                                                                        2020
Other income of $160 million included net mark-to-market gains on derivatives               Other expense of $194 million included losses on retirements and disposals of
used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans of                 property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of $83 million, which included a
$278 million, partly offset by early debt redemption costs of $53 million, losses on        loss related to a change in strategic direction of the ongoing development of some of
our equity investments which included a loss of $49 million on BCE’s share of an            our TV platform assets under construction, net mark-to-market losses on derivatives
obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint          used to economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans of
ventures and losses on operations from our equity investments of $46 million.               $51 million, early debt redemption costs of $50 million and losses on operations from
                                                                                            our equity investments of $38 million. These expenses were partly offset by gains on
                                                                                            our equity investments of $43 million, which included gains on BCE’s share of an
                                                                                            obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint
                                                                                            ventures.


68 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis



4.12 Income taxes
BCE                                                The following table reconciles the amount of reported income taxes in the income statements with income taxes
Income taxes                                       calculated at a statutory income tax rate of 26.8% for 2021 and 26.9% for 2020.
(in $ millions)                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                            2021          2020
                                                   Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                 2,892         2,473
                                                   Add back income taxes                                                                                   1,044           792
                                                   Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes                                                 3,936         3,265
                                                   Applicable statutory tax rate                                                                            26.8%         26.9%
                                                   Income taxes computed at applicable statutory rates                                                     (1,055)        (878)
                                                   Non-taxable portion of (losses) gains on investments                                                        (1)           1
                                                   Uncertain tax positions                                                                                    16            21
                                                   Effect of change in provincial corporate tax rate                                                            –            9
                                                   Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                                 2            6
                                                   Non-taxable portion of equity (losses) gains                                                               (26)           2
                                                   Previously unrecognized tax benefits                                                                       15            47
                                                   Other                                                                                                        5            –

                                                   Total income taxes from continuing operations                                                           (1,044)        (792)

                                                   Average effective tax rate                                                                               26.5%         24.3%


                                                   Income taxes in 2021 increased by $252 million, compared to 2020, mainly due to higher taxable income, partly offset by
                                                   a lower value of previously unrecognized tax benefits.



4.13 Net earnings attributable to common shareholders and EPS
BCE                                               BCE                                                  BCE                                    BCE
Net earnings attributable                         EPS                                                  Adjusted net earnings                  Adjusted EPS
to common shareholders                            (in $)                                               (in $ millions)                        (in $)
(in $ millions)




Net earnings attributable to common shareholders in 2021 increased by                         Excluding the impact of severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market
$211 million, or $0.23 per common share, compared to 2020, mainly due to higher               gains (losses) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
adjusted EBITDA, higher other income and lower impairment of assets primarily at              compensation plans, net equity gains (losses) on investments in associates and joint
our Bell Media segment, partly offset by higher income taxes, lower net earnings              ventures, net gains (losses) on investments, early debt redemption costs,
from discontinued operations as a result of a gain on sale, net of taxes, of                  impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net of tax and NCI, adjusted net
$211 million in Q4 2020 from the completion of the sale of substantially all of our           earnings in 2021 was $2,895 million, or $3.19 per common share, compared to
data centre operations, higher depreciation and amortization, and higher                      $2,730 million, or $3.02 per common share, in 2020.
severance, acquisition and other costs.

                                                                                                                                              BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 69
4 MD&A Consolidated financial analysis



4.14 Capital expenditures
BCE                                                      BCE capital expenditures increased by 15.1% in 2021, compared to last year to $4,837 million with a corresponding
Capital expenditures                                     capital intensity of 20.6%, up 2.2 pts over 2020. The year-over-year growth in capital spending is consistent with our
(in $ millions)                                          two-year plan to accelerate the rollout of our mobile 5G, fibre and rural WHI networks.
Capital intensity
(%)




4.15 Cash flows
In 2021, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities      BCE                                                          BCE
increased by $254 million, compared to 2020, mainly      Cash flows from operating activities                         Free cash flow
due to higher adjusted EBITDA and higher cash from       (in $ millions)                                              (in $ millions)
working capital due mainly to the timing of supplier
payments, partly offset by higher severance and
other costs paid and higher income taxes paid.
Additionally, there was lower cash from discontinued
operations in 2021 as the sale of substantially all of
our data centre operations was completed in
Q4 2020.
Free cash flow decreased by $353 million in 2021,
compared to 2020, mainly due to higher capital
expenditures, partly offset by higher cash flows from
operating activities, excluding cash from discontinued
operations and acquisition and other costs paid.

70 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireless


5           Business segment analysis
5.1 Bell Wireless
We delivered leading wireless financial results in 2021 with service revenue growth of 3.7%, 5.1% higher adjusted
EBITDA and a 1.2% increase in mobile phone blended average revenue per user (ARPU) (1) as we welcomed
294,842 total net new postpaid and prepaid mobile phone subscribers, up 54.6%. We remain focused on growing
high-value postpaid mobile phone subscribers, managing customer churn and delivering industry-leading service
revenue growth and profitability.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE ANALYSIS
2021 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS

Bell Wireless                                                            Bell Wireless
Revenues                                                                 Adjusted EBITDA
(in $ millions)                                                          (in $ millions)
                                                                         (% adjusted EBITDA margin)




  Total mobile                                     Mobile phone                                   Mobile phone                                   Mobile phone                                 Mobile phone
  phone subscriber (2)                             postpaid net                                   prepaid net                                    postpaid                                     blended
  growth                                           subscriber                                     subscriber                                     churn (2) in 2021                            ARPU
                                                   activations (2) in 2021                        losses (2) in 2021                                                                          per month



  +3.2%                                            301,706                                        (6,864)                                        0.93%                                        +1.2%
  in 2021                                          Improved 97.6% vs. 2020                        Declined vs. 2020                              Increased 0.01 pts vs. 2020                  2021: $57.66
                                                                                                                                                                                              2020: $56.97




(1) Effective Q4 2021, we are no longer reporting mobile phone blended average billing per user (ABPU). Instead, we are reporting mobile phone blended ARPU in order to align with industry peers. Mobile phone blended ARPU is
    calculated by dividing wireless operating service revenues by the average mobile phone subscriber base for the specified period and is expressed as a dollar unit per month.
(2) Effective January 1, 2021, we changed our wireless operating metrics to reflect our revised approach to reporting wireless subscriber units. Consequently, we are now reporting in two categories, mobile phone subscriber units
    and mobile connected device subscriber units (e.g. tablets, wearables and mobile Internet devices). Additionally, mobile connected device subscribers now include previously undisclosed IoT units (e.g. connected telematics
    services, monitoring devices, connected cars and fleet management solutions). These changes are consistent with the way we manage our business, reflect our focus on mobile phone subscribers and align to industry peers.
    As a result, previously reported 2020 subscribers and associated operating metrics (gross and net activations (losses) and churn) have been restated for comparability. See section 11.6, KPIs, in this MD&A for more details.

                                                                                                                                                                                     BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 71
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireless

BELL WIRELESS RESULTS
REVENUES
                                                                                                        2021              2020         $ CHANGE            % CHANGE

External service revenues                                                                             6,355              6,122             233                3.8%
Inter-segment service revenues                                                                           45                47                (2)             (4.3%)
Operating service revenues                                                                            6,400              6,169             231                3.7%
External product revenues                                                                             2,593              2,508              85                3.4%
Inter-segment product revenues                                                                            6                 6                –                  –
Operating product revenues                                                                            2,599              2,514              85                3.4%
Bell Wireless operating revenues                                                                      8,999              8,683             316                3.6%


Bell Wireless operating revenues increased by 3.6% in 2021, compared to last      These factors were partly offset by:
year, due to both higher service and product revenues.                            • Lower data overages driven by greater customer adoption of monthly plans with
Service revenues increased by 3.7% in 2021, compared to 2020, driven by:            higher data thresholds, including unlimited and shareable plans, as well as lower
                                                                                    voice overages due to increased usage in 2020 driven by the COVID-19 pandemic
• Continued growth in our mobile phone postpaid subscriber base
                                                                                  • Modest year-over-year decline in outbound roaming revenues due to reduced
• Flow-through of rate increases along with mix shift to higher-value monthly       customer travel as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Outbound roaming
  plans, including unlimited data plans                                             revenues improved in the second half of the year due to the easing of COVID-
• Higher prepaid revenues driven by greater Lucky mix                               related travel restrictions.
                                                                                  Product revenues increased by 3.4% in 2021, compared to last year, driven by
                                                                                  greater sales mix of premium mobile phones, higher handset prices, increased
                                                                                  mobile phone contracted sales volumes, as the prior year was more significantly
                                                                                  impacted by the temporary store closures due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and
                                                                                  higher sales through our direct and digital channels. This was moderated by greater
                                                                                  discounting and lower data device contracted sales volumes.


OPERATING COSTS AND ADJUSTED EBITDA
                                                                                                          2021               2020           $ CHANGE      % CHANGE

Operating costs                                                                                         (5,146)            (5,017)                (129)      (2.6%)
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                         3,853              3,666                   187        5.1%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                    42.8%             42.2%                             0.6 pts


Bell Wireless operating costs increased by 2.6% in 2021, compared to last year,   These factors were partly offset by:
driven by:                                                                        • Lower year-over-year bad debt expense related to the financial difficulty
• Higher cost of goods sold due to greater sales mix of premium mobile phones,      experienced by customers during the COVID-19 pandemic
  increased handset costs and higher mobile phone contracted sales volumes        • Lower labour costs mainly due to retail store closures and reduced operating
• Increased network operating costs driven by the continued deployment of our       hours, offset in part by the Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy (CEWS), a wage
  mobile 5G network                                                                 subsidy program offered by the federal government to eligible employers as a
                                                                                    result of the COVID-19 pandemic, recognized last year
                                                                                  Bell Wireless adjusted EBITDA increased by 5.1% in 2021, compared to last year,
                                                                                  due to greater operating revenues, moderated by higher operating costs. Adjusted
                                                                                  EBITDA margin of 42.8% in 2021, increased by 0.6 pts, compared to last year,
                                                                                  primarily driven by the flow-through of the service revenue growth and the lower bad
                                                                                  debt expense, offset in part by lower product margins.

72 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireless

BELL WIRELESS OPERATING METRICS
                                                                                                                                              2021                       2020                 CHANGE                % CHANGE

Mobile phones (1)
Blended ARPU ($/month)                                                                                                                     57.66                      56.97                      0.69                    1.2%
Gross subscriber activations                                                                                                          1,653,771                  1,545,173                   108,598                     7.0%
   Postpaid                                                                                                                           1,201,659                  1,025,748                   175,911                   17.1%
   Prepaid                                                                                                                               452,112                    519,425                   (67,313)                (13.0%)
Net subscriber activations (losses)                                                                                                     294,842                     190,675                  104,167                   54.6%
   Postpaid                                                                                                                             301,706                     152,693                  149,013                   97.6%
   Prepaid                                                                                                                                 (6,864)                   37,982                   (44,846)                   n.m.
Blended churn % (average per month)                                                                                                          1.23%                      1.26%                                            0.03 pts
   Postpaid                                                                                                                                  0.93%                      0.92%                                           (0.01) pts
   Prepaid                                                                                                                                   4.31%                      4.60%                                            0.29 pts
Subscribers                                                                                                                           9,459,185                  9,164,343                   294,842                     3.2%
   Postpaid                                                                                                                           8,630,045                  8,328,339                   301,706                     3.6%
   Prepaid                                                                                                                              829,140                     836,004                    (6,864)                  (0.8%)
Mobile connected devices (1)
Net subscriber activations                                                                                                              193,641                     227,981                   (34,340)                (15.1%)
Subscribers                                                                                                                           2,249,794                  2,056,153                   193,641                     9.4%

n.m.: not meaningful
(1) Effective January 1, 2021, we changed our wireless operating metrics to reflect our revised approach to reporting wireless subscriber units. Consequently, we are now reporting in two categories, mobile phone subscriber units
    and mobile connected device subscriber units (e.g. tablets, wearables and mobile Internet devices). Additionally, mobile connected device subscribers now include previously undisclosed IoT units (e.g. connected telematics
    services, monitoring devices, connected cars and fleet management solutions). These changes are consistent with the way we manage our business, reflect our focus on mobile phone subscribers and align to industry peers.
    As a result, previously reported 2020 subscribers and associated operating metrics (gross and net activations (losses) and churn) have been restated for comparability. See section 11.6, KPIs, in this MD&A for more details.


Mobile phone blended ARPU of $57.66 increased by 1.2% in 2021, compared to                                          Mobile phone net subscriber activations increased by 54.6% in 2021, compared
last year, driven by:                                                                                               to last year, due to higher postpaid net activations, offset in part by greater prepaid
• Flow-through of rate increases along with mix shift to higher-value monthly plans                                 net losses.
  including unlimited data plans                                                                                    • Mobile phone postpaid net subscriber activations increased by 97.6% in 2021,
• Higher prepaid revenues driven by greater Lucky mix                                                                 compared to last year, driven by higher gross activations, offset in part by greater
                                                                                                                      subscriber deactivations
These factors were partly offset by:                                                                                • Mobile phone prepaid net subscriber losses were 44,846 unfavourable,
• Decreased data overages driven by greater customer adoption of monthly plans                                        compared to last year, due to lower gross activations, offset in part by fewer
  with higher data thresholds, including unlimited and shareable plans, as well as                                    subscriber deactivations
  lower voice overages due to increased usage in 2020 driven by the                                                 Mobile phone blended churn of 1.23% in 2021 improved by 0.03 pts, compared to
  COVID-19 pandemic                                                                                                 last year.
• Modest year-over-year decline in outbound roaming revenues due to reduced                                         • Mobile phone postpaid churn of 0.93% in 2021 remained essentially stable,
  customer travel as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Outbound roaming                                              compared to last year, reflecting our continued investment in customer
  revenues improved in the second half of the year due to the easing of                                               experience, retention and our mobile networks
  COVID-19 related travel restrictions.
                                                                                                                    • Mobile phone prepaid churn of 4.31% in 2021 decreased by 0.29 pts, compared
Mobile phone gross subscriber activations increased by 7.0% in 2021,                                                  to last year, due to lower market activity as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
compared to last year, due to higher postpaid gross activations, offset in part by                                    and the impact from a maturing Lucky subscriber base
lower prepaid gross activations.
                                                                                                                    Mobile phone subscribers at December 31, 2021 totaled 9,459,185 an increase of
• Mobile phone postpaid gross subscriber activations increased by 17.1% in                                          3.2%, compared to last year. This consisted of 8,630,045 postpaid subscribers, an
  2021, compared to last year, driven by greater activity in the market as we                                       increase of 3.6% from 8,328,339 subscribers at the end of 2020, and
  continued to recover from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including                                         829,140 prepaid subscribers, a decrease of 0.8% from 836,004 subscribers at the
  greater temporary closure of retail distribution channels in 2020. Additionally, our                              end of 2020.
  focus on growing higher-value mobile phone subscribers, leveraging targeted
  promotional capabilities and greater sales through our direct and digital                                         Mobile connected device net subscriber activations decreased by 15.1% in
  channels, also contributed to the growth in mobile phone gross activations.                                       2021, compared to last year, due to greater net losses from data devices, primarily
                                                                                                                    lower tablet net activations, offset in part by greater IoT net activations.
• Mobile phone prepaid gross subscriber activations decreased by 13.0% in
  2021, compared to last year, driven by continued low market activity from fewer                                   Mobile connected device subscribers at December 31, 2021 totaled 2,249,794,
  visitors to Canada and reduced immigration as a result of the                                                     an increase of 9.4% from 2,056,153 subscribers at the end of 2020.
  COVID-19 pandemic


                                                                                                                                                                                     BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 73
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireless


COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE AND INDUSTRY TRENDS
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our business outlook. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the
beginning of this MD&A.

COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE                                                                  Competitors
The Canadian wireless industry has experienced strong subscriber growth in             • Large facilities-based national wireless service providers Rogers and the Telus
recent years, supported by immigration and population growth; the trend toward           Corporation group of companies (Telus)
multiple devices, including tablets; the expanding functionality of data and related
                                                                                       • Smaller facilities-based wireless service provider Shaw, which currently provides
applications; and the adoption of mobile devices and services, including connected
                                                                                         service in Toronto, Calgary, Vancouver, Edmonton and Ottawa, as well as
devices. Various forms of public health measures during the global
                                                                                         in several communities in southwestern Ontario
COVID-19 crisis in 2020, including the temporary closure of retail stores, led to
pent-up demand in 2021. The mobile phone penetration rate increased to                 • Regional facilities-based wireless service providers Vidéotron Ltée (Vidéotron),
approximately 99% in Canada in 2021, with further increases in penetration               which provides service in Montréal and other parts of Québec; Saskatchewan
expected in 2022. By comparison, the mobile phone penetration rate in the U.S. is        Telecommunications Holding Corporation, which provides service in
well over 100%, and even higher in Europe and Asia.                                      Saskatchewan; Bragg Communications Inc. (Eastlink), which provides service in
                                                                                         Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island; and Xplornet Communications Inc., which
The 2021 wireless market in Canada continued to face challenges from the                 provides service in Manitoba
COVID-19 pandemic. Growth in ARPU had been moderating as carriers migrated
their customer bases to unlimited data plans. However, ARPU moderation was
exacerbated by the pandemic, as wireless industry roaming revenue significantly
                                                                                       INDUSTRY TRENDS
declined from customers’ reduced travel activity, which has not yet returned to        ACCELERATING DATA CONSUMPTION
pre-pandemic levels. Additionally, with large numbers of the workforce working         The demand for wireless data services is expected to continue to grow, due to:
from home during the pandemic, there were associated declines in chargeable            ongoing investment in faster network technologies, such as 5G, that provide a richer
data usage from workers offloading their mobile device traffic onto Wi-Fi. The         user experience and lower network latency; a larger appetite for mobile connectivity,
Canadian wireless market continued to experience increased levels of competition       social networking, content streaming (including Crave Mobile), and other
nationally. This high level of competition has led to continued declines in            applications; increasing adoption of shared plans with multiple devices by families;
chargeable data usage and larger allotments of data, in addition to other factors,     and the growth of unlimited data plans. Greater customer adoption of services like
such as the popularity of data sharing plans and an evolving shift in the customer     5G, international roaming and resumption of travel post COVID-19, as well as IoT
mix towards non-traditional wireless devices and tools such as video chats. These      services and applications enabled and developed by 5G networks, should also
factors, combined with increases in overall data usage, which is expected to           contribute to the demand for data services. In the consumer market, IoT represents
increase dramatically with the ongoing commercialization of 5G, led to widespread      a growth area for the industry as wireless connectivity on everyday devices, from
adoption and promotion of unlimited data plans and device financing plans by all       home automation to cameras, becomes ubiquitous. However, data overage revenue
national carriers. The build-out of 5G network infrastructure accelerated in 2021,     will continue to be negatively impacted as customers continue to migrate to unlimited
with 5G covering approximately 70% of the Canadian population by the national          and large allotment data plans.
carriers at the end of 2021. For Bell, our accelerated 5G investments are
underpinned by our capital expenditure acceleration program, which commenced           SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS IN WIRELESS NETWORKS
in 2021 and will continue in 2022. Our long-standing commitment to network
excellence is reflected in multiple independent third-party awards and recognition     Fast growth in mobile data traffic is increasingly putting a strain on wireless carriers’
received in 2021, including winning Canada’s Fastest 5G Network award for the          networks and their ability to manage and service this traffic. Industry Canada’s
second time in a row in the Ookla 2021 Speedtest Awards, as well as top honours        600 MHz, 700 MHz, advanced wireless services-3 (AWS-3), and 2500 MHz
from GWS for best 5G network and PCMag for fastest mobile network (4G and 5G)          spectrum auctions that occurred since 2014 provided wireless carriers with prime
overall.                                                                               spectrum to roll out faster next-generation wireless networks and build greater
                                                                                       capacity. Early 5G wireless networks were deployed by the national operators
The Canadian wireless industry continues to be highly competitive and capital-         in 2020 utilizing low-band and mid-band spectrum. In 2021, the national operators
intensive, with carriers continuing to expand and enhance their broadband wireless     acquired additional mid-band, flexible-use 3500 MHz wireless spectrum auctioned
networks, including the ongoing build-out of 5G, as well as material investments in    by ISED. The high capacity and near instant connections offered by mobile 5G will
spectrum.                                                                              support a virtually unlimited range of new consumer and business applications in
                                                                                       coming years, including virtual and augmented reality, AI and machine learning,
                                                                                       immersive entertainment services, connected vehicles, smart cities and enhanced
                                                                                       rural access, and unprecedented IoT opportunities for business and government
                                                                                       enterprises. We expect 5G technology to provide a significant opportunity for future
                                                                                       growth in the industry.


74 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireless


BUSINESS OUTLOOK AND ASSUMPTIONS
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our projected financial performance for 2022 and our 2022 business outlook, objectives, plans and
strategic priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.

2022 OUTLOOK                                                                               ASSUMPTIONS
We expect revenue growth to be driven by postpaid and prepaid mobile phone                 • Maintain our market share of national operators’ wireless postpaid mobile phone
subscriber base expansion. We expect growth in ARPU driven by increased                      net additions and growth of our prepaid subscriber base
roaming revenue from the easing of travel restrictions implemented as a result of
                                                                                           • Continued strong competitive intensity and promotional activity across all regions
the COVID-19 pandemic, partly offset by reduced data overage revenue resulting
                                                                                             and market segments
from the continued adoption of unlimited plans. We will seek to achieve higher
revenues from the flow-through of pricing changes, as well as IoT services and             • Ongoing expansion and deployment of 5G wireless networks, offering competitive
applications in the areas of retail, business, transportation, and urban city                coverage and quality
optimization. Our intention is to introduce new services to the market in a way that       • Continued diversification of our distribution strategy with a focus on expanding
balances innovation with profitability.                                                      DTC and online transactions
We also remain focused on sustaining our market share of national operators’               • Growth in mobile phone blended ARPU, driven by growth in 5G subscriptions, and
postpaid mobile phone net additions in a disciplined and cost-conscious manner,              increased roaming revenue from the easing of travel restrictions implemented as a
while also continuing to grow our prepaid subscriber base.                                   result of the COVID-19 pandemic, partly offset by reduced data overage revenue
                                                                                             due to the continued adoption of unlimited plans
We plan to deliver adjusted EBITDA growth in 2022 from the flow-through of higher
revenue and the realization of cost savings related to operational efficiencies            • Accelerating business customer adoption of advanced 5G and IoT solutions
enabled by changes in consumer behaviour, digital adoption, product and service            • Improving wireless handset device availability in addition to stable device pricing
enhancements, new call centre and digital investments, and other improvements to             and margins
the customer service experience.
                                                                                           • Realization of cost savings related to operational efficiencies enabled by changes
                                                                                             in consumer behaviour, digital adoption, product and service enhancements, new
                                                                                             call centre and digital investments and other improvements to the customer
                                                                                             service experience
                                                                                           • No adverse material financial, operational or competitive consequences of
                                                                                             changes in or implementation of regulations affecting our wireless business



KEY GROWTH DRIVERS
• Higher, but slowing, Canadian wireless industry penetration                              • Increased adoption of unlimited data plans and device financing plans
• A greater number of customers on our 5G network                                          • Cross sell to customers who do not have all their telecommunication services with
                                                                                             Bell



PRINCIPAL BUSINESS RISKS
This section discusses certain principal business risks specifically related to the Bell Wireless segment. For a detailed description of the other principal risks that could have
a material adverse effect on our business, including those related to the COVID-19 pandemic, refer to section 9, Business risks.

AGGRESSIVE COMPETITION                                           REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT                                      MARKET MATURITY
RISK                                                             RISK                                                        RISK
• The intensity of competitive activity from national wireless   • Increased regulation of wireless services, pricing and    • Slower subscriber growth due to high Canadian
  operators, smaller or regional facilities-based wireless         infrastructure (e.g., additional mandated access to         smartphone penetration and reduced or slower
  service providers, non-traditional players and resellers         wireless networks, and limitations placed on future         immigration flow
                                                                   spectrum bidding)                                         • Slower travel recovery due to restrictions
POTENTIAL IMPACT                                                                                                               implemented as a result of the COVID-19
                                                                 POTENTIAL IMPACT                                              pandemic
• Pressure on our revenue, adjusted EBITDA, ARPU and
  churn would likely result if competitors continue to           • Greater regulation could influence network
  aggressively pursue new types of price plans, increase           investment and the market structure, limit our            POTENTIAL IMPACT
  discounts, offer shared plans based on sophisticated             flexibility, improve the business position of our         • A maturing wireless market could challenge
  pricing requirements or offer other incentives, such as          competitors, limit network-based differentiation of our     subscriber growth and the cost of subscriber
  multi-product bundles, to attract new customers                  services, and negatively impact the financial               acquisition and retention, putting pressure on the
                                                                   performance of our wireless business                        financial performance of our wireless business
                                                                                                                             • A slower travel recovery could result in a slower
                                                                                                                               recovery of roaming revenue

                                                                                                                                               BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 75
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireline



5.2 Bell Wireline
Steady demand for fast, reliable and innovative services to keep residents and businesses connected, informed
and productive, drove our best annual retail residential net subscriber performance in 10 years, including an
industry-leading 228,353 retail Internet and IPTV subscriber additions, up 21.3%. The broadband footprint
advantage that we are building, with our leading fibre network and innovative WHI technology, positions us
favourably in both our consumer and business segments over the long term to grow Internet revenue.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE ANALYSIS
2021 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS

Bell Wireline                                                            Bell Wireline
Revenues                                                                 Adjusted EBITDA
(in $ millions)                                                          (in $ millions)
                                                                         (% adjusted EBITDA margin)




Retail high-speed Internet (1)                                                    Retail high-speed Internet                                                   Fibre and WTTP footprint


+4.2%
Subscriber growth
                                                                                  152,285
                                                                                  Total net subscriber activations
                                                                                                                                                               10.8 million
                                                                                                                                                               Homes and businesses
in 2021                                                                           in 2021                                                                      at the end of 2021



Retail TV(2)                                                                      Retail IPTV                                                                  Retail residential NAS lines


(0.1%)
Subscriber decline
                                                                                  76,068
                                                                                  Total net subscriber activations
                                                                                                                                                               (7.5%)
                                                                                                                                                               Subscriber decline
in 2021                                                                           in 2021                                                                      in 2021
(1) At the beginning of Q1 2021, our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base was increased by 4,778 subscribers due to the transfer of fixed wireless Internet subscribers from our mobile connected devices subscriber base.
(2) At the beginning of Q1 2021, we adjusted our satellite TV subscriber base to remove 6,125 non-revenue generating units.

76 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireline

BELL WIRELINE RESULTS
REVENUES
                                                                                                            2021              2020         $ CHANGE          % CHANGE

Data                                                                                                      7,871             7,691              180               2.3%
Voice                                                                                                     3,154             3,402              (248)            (7.3%)
Other services                                                                                             289                248                41            16.5%
External service revenues                                                                                11,314            11,341               (27)            (0.2%)
Inter-segment service revenues                                                                             358                321                37             11.5%
Operating service revenues                                                                               11,672            11,662                10              0.1%
Data                                                                                                       463                494               (31)            (6.3%)
Equipment and other                                                                                          43                49                (6)           (12.2%)
External product revenues                                                                                  506                543               (37)            (6.8%)
Inter-segment product revenues                                                                                –                 1                (1)          (100.0%)
Operating product revenues                                                                                 506                544               (38)            (7.0%)
Bell Wireline operating revenues                                                                         12,178            12,206               (28)            (0.2%)


Bell Wireline operating revenues declined by 0.2% in 2021, compared to last         • Voice revenues declined by 7.3% in the year, compared to 2020, driven by:
year, which includes the unfavourable retroactive impact of the Q2 2021 CRTC          • Continued retail residential NAS line erosion mainly due to technological
decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services of $44 million. The           substitution to wireless and Internet based services
year-over-year decrease was driven by ongoing voice revenue erosion and lower
product sales, moderated by higher data and other services revenue.                   • Ongoing business voice erosion across the customer base

Bell Wireline operating service revenues increased by 0.1%, compared to 2020,         • COVID-19 related strength in 2020 from conferencing and long distance, as
which includes the unfavourable retroactive impact of the Q2 2021 CRTC decision         customers have adopted cheaper solutions since the onset of the
described above of $44 million.                                                         COVID-19 pandemic
                                                                                      These factors were partly mitigated by the flow-through of residential rate
• Data revenues grew by 2.3% in 2021, compared to last year, driven by:
                                                                                      increases.
  • Higher retail Internet and IPTV subscriber bases combined with the flow-
                                                                                    • Other services revenues increased by 16.5% in the year, compared to 2020,
    through of residential rate increases
                                                                                      attributable to the acquisition in Q4 2020 of Environics Analytics Group Ltd., a
  • Greater sales of maintenance contracts on data equipment sold to business         Canadian data and analytics company, along with greater revenues from our
    customers                                                                         Smart Home business driven by subscriber growth.
  • Growth in business solutions services revenue primarily from our managed        Bell Wireline operating product revenues decreased by 7.0% in 2021, compared
    services business                                                               to last year, due to strong 2020 equipment sales to large business customers,
  These factors were partly offset by:                                              primarily to the government sector, combined with the impact of global supply chain
                                                                                    challenges in the latter part of 2021, driven by the COVID-19 pandemic.
  • Ongoing decline in our satellite TV subscriber base
  • Q2 2021 CRTC decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services as
    described above
  • Continued legacy data erosion

OPERATING COSTS AND ADJUSTED EBITDA
                                                                                                            2021               2020           $ CHANGE       % CHANGE

Operating costs                                                                                          (6,863)            (6,960)                   97        1.4%
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                           5,315              5,246                    69        1.3%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                     43.6%              43.0%                              0.6 pts


Bell Wireline operating costs decreased by 1.4% in 2021, compared to last year,     These factors were partly offset by:
due to:                                                                             • Increased labour costs from greater project requirements, moderated by vendor
• Lower product cost of goods sold and payments to other carriers driven by lower     contract savings
  revenues                                                                          • Higher expenses related to the acquisition of Environics Analytics Group Ltd.
• Higher 2020 COVID-19 related costs, including employee redeployment,
  donations and personal protective equipment costs
• Higher 2020 bad debt expense related to the financial difficulty experienced by
  customers during the COVID-19 pandemic.

                                                                                                                                      BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 77
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireline

Bell Wireline adjusted EBITDA increased by 1.3% in 2021, compared to last                                            of 43.6% in 2021, increased by 0.6 points over 2020, attributable to lower operating
year, driven by operating expense savings, offset in part by lower year-over-year                                    costs primarily related to the non-recurrence of a number of COVID-19 related
operating revenues and includes the unfavourable retroactive impact of the                                           expenses incurred last year, the flow-through of service revenue growth, as well as a
Q2 2021 CRTC decision on wholesale high-speed Internet access services of                                            decreased proportion of low-margin product sales in our total revenue base.
$44 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin


BELL WIRELINE OPERATING METRICS
DATA

Retail high-speed Internet
                                                                                                                                                 2021                        2020                 CHANGE              % CHANGE

Retail net subscriber activations                                                                                                           152,285                     148,989                     3,296                 2.2%
Retail subscribers (1)                                                                                                                    3,861,653                   3,704,590                  157,063                  4.2%

(1) At the beginning of Q1 2021, our retail high-speed Internet subscriber base was increased by 4,778 subscribers due to the transfer of fixed wireless Internet subscribers from our mobile connected devices subscriber base.


Retail high-speed Internet net subscriber activations increased by 2.2% in                                           Retail high-speed Internet subscribers totaled 3,861,653 at December 31, 2021,
2021, compared to last year, attributable to greater activations due to increased                                    up 4.2% from 3,704,590 subscribers reported at the end of 2020.
market activity driven by the ongoing recovery from the effects of the
COVID-19 pandemic, reflecting higher activations in our FTTP and WTTP
footprints. This was moderated in part by increased year-over-year deactivations
from lower 2020 retail residential deactivations due to the COVID-19 pandemic,
coupled with greater competitive intensity in 2021.

Retail TV
                                                                                                                                                 2021                       2020                CHANGE                % CHANGE

Retail net subscriber activations (losses)                                                                                                     2,530                    (33,859)                36,389                     n.m.
    IPTV                                                                                                                                     76,068                     39,191                  36,877                   94.1%
    Satellite                                                                                                                                (73,538)                   (73,050)                   (488)                 (0.7%)
Total retail subscribers (1)                                                                                                              2,735,010                  2,738,605                   (3,595)                 (0.1%)
    IPTV                                                                                                                                  1,882,441                  1,806,373                  76,068                    4.2%
    Satellite (1)                                                                                                                           852,569                    932,232                 (79,663)                  (8.5%)

n.m.: not meaningful
(1) At the beginning of Q1 2021, we adjusted our satellite TV subscriber base to remove 6,125 non-revenue generating units.


Retail IPTV net subscriber activations increased by 94.1% in 2021, compared to                                       Total retail TV net subscriber activations (IPTV and satellite TV combined)
2020, reflecting the success of our multi-brand strategy and the ongoing recovery                                    improved by 36,389 in 2021, compared to 2020, driven by higher IPTV net
from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including more typical sales activity                                     activations, offset in part by higher satellite TV net subscriber losses.
and the favourable impact of increased sports programming in 2021, which was
curtailed last year as a result of the pandemic. Additionally, fewer customers                                       Retail IPTV subscribers at December 31, 2021 totaled 1,882,441, up 4.2% from
coming off of promotional offers also favourably impacted retail IPTV net                                            1,806,373 subscribers reported at the end of 2020.
activations.                                                                                                         Retail satellite TV subscribers at December 31, 2021 totaled 852,569, down 8.5%
Retail satellite TV net subscriber losses were essentially stable year over year,                                    from 932,232 subscribers reported at the end of 2020.
increasing by 0.7% in 2021, compared to last year, as lower gross activations in                                     Total retail TV subscribers (IPTV and satellite TV combined) at
our retail residential market were offset in part by reduced deactivations as a result                               December 31, 2021 were 2,735,010, representing a 0.1% decline from
of the COVID-19 pandemic.                                                                                            2,738,605 subscribers at the end of 2020.


VOICE
                                                                                                                                                 2021                       2020                CHANGE                % CHANGE

Retail residential NAS lines net losses                                                                                                    (185,327)                  (213,551)                  28,224                  13.2%
Retail residential NAS lines                                                                                                             2,298,605                   2,483,932                (185,327)                  (7.5%)


Retail residential NAS lines net losses improved by 13.2% in 2021 compared to                                        Retail residential NAS lines at December 31, 2021 of 2,298,605 declined by 7.5%
2020, attributable to lower year-over-year deactivations resulting from the                                          from 2,483,932 lines reported at the end of 2020. This represented an improvement
COVID-19 pandemic.                                                                                                   over the 7.9% rate of erosion experienced in 2020 resulting from fewer deactivations
                                                                                                                     primarily driven by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.


78 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireline


COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE AND INDUSTRY TRENDS
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our business outlook. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the
beginning of this MD&A.

COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE                                                                     The financial performance of the overall Canadian wireline telecommunications
                                                                                          market continues to be impacted by the ongoing declines in legacy voice service
Similar to the Canadian wireless industry, wireline markets and operations were
                                                                                          revenues resulting from technological substitution to wireless and OTT services, as
significantly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Physical distancing requirements
                                                                                          well as by ongoing conversion to IP-based data services and networks by large
impacted traditional wireline installations as installers were restricted from entering
                                                                                          business customers. Canada’s four largest cable companies had approximately
customers’ premises. Conversely, with large numbers of workers and students
                                                                                          3.2 million telephony subscribers at the end of 2021, representing a national
working and learning from home, demand for wireline services surged, with
                                                                                          residential market share of approximately 43%, relatively flat compared to 2020.
network traffic levels reaching historic levels during the pandemic. Although the
                                                                                          Telecommunications companies had an estimated 3.6 million telephony subscribers
residential high-speed Internet market is maturing, with a penetration rate of
                                                                                          at the end of 2021, representing approximately 48% market share, relatively flat
approximately 90% across Canada at the end of 2021, subscriber growth is
                                                                                          compared to 2020. Other non-facilities-based competitors also offer local and long
expected to continue over the coming years. An estimated 7.5 million Internet
                                                                                          distance VoIP services and resell high-speed Internet services.
subscribers received their service over the networks of the four largest cable
companies at the end of 2021, up 3% from approximately 7.3 million at the end of
2020. Meanwhile, an estimated 6.8 million Internet subscribers received their             Competitors
service over the networks of incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECs) like Bell at       • Cable TV providers offering cable TV, Internet and cable telephony services,
the end of 2021, up 4% from approximately 6.6 million at the end of 2020. Bell              including:
continues to make gains in market share as a result of the ongoing expansion of
                                                                                            • Rogers in Ontario, New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador
our FTTP direct fibre network and our rollout of WHI in rural markets, which was
completed one year ahead of schedule in 2021. Similar to our accelerated 5G                 • Vidéotron in Québec
investments, our investments to expand our fibre footprint are supported by our             • Cogeco Cable Inc. (a subsidiary of Cogeco Inc.) (Cogeco) in Ontario and
capital investment acceleration program, which commenced in 2021 and will                     Québec
continue in 2022. Additionally, we received recognition from PCMag as the best
gaming Internet provider among Canada’s major providers in their Best Gaming                • Shaw in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba and Ontario
ISPs 2022 report.                                                                           • Shaw Direct, providing satellite TV service nationwide
While Canadians still watch traditional TV, digital platforms are playing an                • Eastlink in every province except Saskatchewan, where it does not provide
increasingly important role in the broadcasting industry and in respect of content.           cable TV and Internet service
Popular online video services are providing Canadians with more choice about              • Telus provides residential voice, Internet and IPTV services in British Columbia,
where, when and how to access video content. In 2021, ILECs offering IPTV                   Alberta and Eastern Québec
service grew their subscriber base by an estimated 4% to reach 3.2 million
customers, driven by expanded network coverage, enhanced differentiated service           • Telus and Allstream Inc. provide wholesale products and business services across
and bundled offerings, and marketing and promotions focused on IPTV. Despite                Canada
this IPTV growth, the combined cable TV and satellite TV subscriber penetration           • Various others (such as TekSavvy Solutions, Distributel, VMedia, and Vonage
rate was unchanged. Canada’s four largest cable companies had an estimated                  Canada (a division of Vonage Holdings Corp.) offer resale or VoIP-based local,
4.7 million TV subscribers, or a 48% market share, flat compared to 48% at the              long distance and Internet services
end of 2020. The balance of industry subscribers were served by satellite TV and
regional providers.                                                                       • OTT voice and/or video services, such as Skype, Netflix, Amazon Prime Video,
                                                                                            Disney+, CBS All Access and YouTube
In recent years, three of the largest Canadian cable TV companies have launched           • Digital media streaming devices such as Apple TV, Roku and Google Chromecast
new TV services based on the Comcast X1 video platform, including Shaw, Rogers
and Québecor’s Vidéotron brand. Our IPTV platform (Fibe TV, Fibe TV app and               • Other Canadian ILECs and cable TV operators
Virgin Plus TV) continues to offer numerous service advantages over this cable            • Substitution to wireless services, including those offered by Bell
platform.
                                                                                          • Customized managed outsourcing solutions competitors, such as systems
                                                                                            integrators CGI and IBM
                                                                                          • Wholesale competitors include cable operators, domestic CLECs, U.S. or other
                                                                                            international carriers for certain services, and electrical utility-based
                                                                                            telecommunications providers
                                                                                          • Competitors for home security range from local to national companies, such as
                                                                                            Telus, Rogers, Chubb-Edwards and Stanley Security

                                                                                                                                             BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 79
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireline


INDUSTRY TRENDS                                                                         wireless networks. We continue to enhance our Fibe TV service with additional
                                                                                        content and capabilities, including the ability to watch recorded content on the go
INVESTMENT IN BROADBAND FIBRE DEPLOYMENT
                                                                                        and access Crave, Netflix, Prime Video and YouTube on STBs.
The Canadian ILECs continue to make significant investments in deploying
broadband fibre within their territories, with a focus on direct FTTP access to         TECHNOLOGY SUBSTITUTION
maintain and enhance their ability to support enhanced IP-based services and
higher broadband speeds. Cable TV companies continue to invest to get the most          Technology substitution, enabled by the broad deployment of higher speed Internet;
out of their existing DOCSIS 3.1 networks while planning strategic overlays using       the pervasive use of e-mail, messaging and social media as alternatives to voice
FTTP enabling them to achieve speed parity with ILEC competitors over the long          services; and the growth of wireless and VoIP services, continue to drive legacy
term. However, the DOCSIS 3.1 platform does not offer the same advanced                 voice revenue declines for telecommunications companies. Additionally, the
capabilities as FTTP over the longer term in terms of speed, latency or reliability.    disconnection of and reduction in spending for traditional TV (cord-cutting and cord-
FTTP delivers total broadband access speeds of up to 1.5 Gbps currently, with           shaving) continues to rise. Although Bell is a key provider of these substitution
bi-directional multi-gigabit speeds enabled by network modernization to XGS PON         services, the decline in this legacy business continues as anticipated.
in the short term, and speeds growing to 25 Gbps and beyond mid to long term.
                                                                                        ADOPTION OF IP-BASED SERVICES
ALTERNATIVE TV AND OTT SERVICES                                                         The convergence of IT and telecommunications, facilitated by the ubiquity of IP,
The growing popularity of watching TV and on-demand content anywhere,                   continues to shape competitive investments for business customers.
particularly on handheld devices, is expected to continue as customers adopt            Telecommunications companies are providing professional and managed services,
services that enable them to view content on multiple screens. Streaming media          as well as other IT services and support, while IT service providers are bundling
providers, such as Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and Disney+ continue to enhance          network connectivity with their software as service offerings. In addition,
OTT streaming services in order to compete for share of viewership in response to       manufacturers continue to bring all-IP and converged (IP plus legacy) equipment to
evolving viewing habits and consumer demand. TV providers are monitoring OTT            market, enabling ongoing migration to IP-based solutions. The development of
developments and evolving their content and market strategy to compete with             IP-based platforms, which provide combined IP voice, data and video solutions,
these non-traditional offerings. We view OTT as an opportunity to add increased         creates potential cost efficiencies that compensate, in part, for reduced margins
capabilities to our linear and on-demand assets, provide customers with flexible        resulting from the continuing shift from legacy to IP-based services. The evolution of
options to choose the content they want, and drive greater usage of Bell’s high-        IT has created significant opportunities for our business markets services, such as
speed Internet and                                                                      cloud services, that can have a greater business impact than traditional
                                                                                        telecommunications services.




BUSINESS OUTLOOK AND ASSUMPTIONS
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our projected financial performance for 2022 and our 2022 business outlook, objectives, plans and
strategic priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.

2022 OUTLOOK
Our overall wireline financial growth profile is expected to strengthen progressively   In business wireline, customers continue to look for opportunities to leverage new
in 2022. This is predicated on continued expansion of our retail Internet and TV        technologies to grow and transform the workforce of the future, as well as to lower
subscriber bases, supported by a broader FTTP service footprint together with           costs. As a result of these factors, and the unpredictable pace of the economy’s
higher household penetration; further penetration of WHI access technology in           recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, spending by large enterprise customers on
more rural communities; further scaling of Bell’s app-based live TV streaming           telecommunications services and products is expected to be variable. Ongoing
services Fibe TV App and Virgin TV; the introduction of new TV products and             customer migrations from traditional technologies to IP-based systems and demand
features; improving year-over-year business markets operating profitability; as well    for cheaper bandwidth alternatives will continue to create pressure on overall
as cost reductions to offset competitive pricing pressures and the ongoing decline      business markets results in 2022. We intend to offset the revenue decline from
in voice revenue.                                                                       traditional legacy telecommunications services by continuing to develop unique
                                                                                        services and value enhancements to improve the client experience through new
The broadband network advantage that we are building across our urban,                  features such as cloud access, and security and collaboration services.
suburban and rural service footprint areas positions us extremely well in both our      Furthermore, we intend to use marketing initiatives and other customer-specific
consumer and business markets to continue growing Internet market share and             strategies to slow the pace of NAS erosion, while also investing in direct fibre
revenue faster than our competitors. We will continue to focus on winning the           expansion, 5G and new solutions in key portfolios such as Internet and private
home by delivering the fastest broadband speeds; the best content on the                networks, cloud services, unified communications and security. We will also continue
customer’s TV platform of choice; and a superior Wi-Fi experience that leverages        to focus on delivering network-centric managed and professional services solutions
Bell’s Smart Home automation leadership with services such as Whole Home                to large and medium-sized businesses that increase the value of connectivity
Wi-Fi, home security, and video and automation, in order to drive higher year-over-     services.
year Internet and TV net customer additions.


80 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireline

We expect the overall level of competitive intensity in our small and medium-sized     • Continued aggressive residential service bundle offers from cable TV competitors
business markets to remain high, despite the current COVID-19 situation, as cable        in our local wireline areas, moderated by growing our share of competitive
operators and other telecom competitors look to these customer segments as               residential service bundles
potential growth opportunities. We also intend to introduce service offerings that     • Continued large business customer migration to IP-based systems
help drive innovative solutions and value for our small and medium-sized
customers by leveraging Bell’s network assets, broadband fibre expansion and           • Ongoing competitive repricing pressures in our business and wholesale markets
service capabilities to expand our relationships with them. We will maintain a focus   • Continued competitive intensity in our small and medium-sized business markets
on overall profitability by seeking to increase revenue per customer and customer        as cable operators and other telecommunications competitors continue to intensify
retention, as well as through improving our processes to achieve further operating       their focus on business customers
efficiencies and productivity gains.
                                                                                       • Traditional high-margin product categories challenged by large global cloud and
We are also maintaining a sharp focus on our operating cost structure to help            OTT providers of business voice and data solutions expanding into Canada with
offset pressures related to the growth and retention of IPTV, Internet, IP broadband     on-demand services
and hosted IP voice subscribers, the ongoing erosion of high-margin wireline voice     • Accelerating customer adoption of OTT services resulting in downsizing of TV
and other legacy revenues, competitive repricing pressures in our residential,           packages
business and wholesale markets, as well as the financial impacts of the
COVID-19 pandemic. This, combined with further operating efficiencies, enabled         • Growing consumption of OTT TV services and on-demand streaming video, as
by the ongoing deployment of new broadband technologies (fibre and fixed WTTP)           well as the proliferation of devices, such as tablets, that consume large quantities
and incremental service improvement, is expected to deliver meaningful cost              of bandwidth, will require ongoing capital investment
savings and productivity gains across the organization.                                • Realization of cost savings related to operating efficiencies enabled by a growing
                                                                                         direct fibre footprint, changes in consumer behaviour and product innovation,
ASSUMPTIONS                                                                              expanding self-serve capabilities, other improvements to the customer service
• Further deployment of direct fibre to more homes and businesses within our             experience, management workforce reductions including attrition and retirements,
  wireline footprint                                                                     and lower contracted rates from our suppliers

• Continued growth in retail Internet and IPTV subscribers                             • No adverse material financial, operational or competitive consequences of
                                                                                         changes in or implementation of regulations affecting our wireline business
• Increasing wireless and Internet-based technological substitution


KEY GROWTH DRIVERS
• Expansion of FTTP footprint                                                          • Expansion of our business customer relationships to drive higher revenue per
• Increasing FTTP and WTTP customer penetration                                          customer

• Higher market share of industry retail Internet and IPTV subscribers                 • Ongoing service innovation and product value enhancements

• Increased business customer spending on connectivity services and managed
  and professional services solutions


                                                                                                                                         BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 81
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Wireline


PRINCIPAL BUSINESS RISKS
This section discusses certain principal business risks specifically related to the Bell Wireline segment. For a detailed description of the other principal risks that could have a
material adverse effect on our business, including those related to the COVID-19 pandemic, refer to section 9, Business risks.

AGGRESSIVE COMPETITION                                           REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT                                     TECHNOLOGICAL ADVANCEMENT AND
RISK                                                             RISK                                                       CHANGING CUSTOMER
                                                                                                                            BEHAVIOUR
• The intensity of competitive activity coupled with new         • The CRTC could mandate rates for the new
  product launches for residential customers (e.g., IoT,           disaggregated wholesale high-speed access                RISK
  smart home systems and devices, innovative TV                    service available on FTTP facilities that are            • With technological advancement, the traditional TV
  platforms, etc.) and business customers (e.g., OTT VoIP,         materially different from the rates we proposed,           viewing model (i.e., the subscription for bundled
  collaboration and SD WAN solutions) from national                and which do not sufficiently account for the              channels) is challenged by an increasing number
  operators, non-traditional players and wholesalers               investment required in these facilities, or modify the     of legal and illegal viewing options available in the
                                                                   network configuration of this new service in a way         market offered by traditional, non-traditional and
POTENTIAL IMPACT                                                   that materially improves the business position of          global players, as well as increasing cord-cutting
                                                                   our competitors                                            and cord-shaving trends
• An increase in the intensity level of competitive activity
  could result in lost revenue, higher churn and increased       • The courts or Cabinet could overturn the new             • The proliferation of network technologies impacts
  acquisition and retention expenses, all of which would           wholesale rates the CRTC set for aggregated high-          business customers’ decision to migrate to OTT,
  put pressure on Bell Wireline’s adjusted EBITDA                  speed access service in 2021, which were much              VoIP and/or leverage SD WAN architecture
                                                                   higher than the rates it had proposed in 2019
                                                                                                                            • Changing customer habits further contribute to the
                                                                                                                              erosion of NAS lines
                                                                 POTENTIAL IMPACT
                                                                 • In respect of the new disaggregated wholesale            POTENTIAL IMPACT
                                                                   high-speed access service available on FTTP
                                                                   facilities, the mandating of rates that are materially   • Our market penetration and number of TV
                                                                   different from the rates we proposed or the                subscribers could decline as a result of innovative
                                                                   adoption of a network configuration advantageous           offerings by BDUs and an increasing number of
                                                                   for our competitors, or the implementation of the          domestic and global unregulated OTT providers, as
                                                                   rates reduced by the CRTC in August 2019 for               well as a significant volume of content piracy
                                                                   aggregated wholesale high-speed access services,         • The proliferation of IP-based products, including
                                                                   could change our investment strategy, especially in        OTT content and OTT software offerings directly to
                                                                   relation to investment in next-generation wireline         consumers, may accelerate the disconnection of
                                                                   networks in smaller communities and rural areas,           TV services or the reduction of TV spending, as
                                                                   improve the business position of our competitors,          well as the reduction in business IT investments by
                                                                   further accelerate penetration and                         customers
                                                                   disintermediation by OTT players, and negatively
                                                                                                                            • The ongoing loss of NAS lines from technological
                                                                   impact the financial performance of our wireline
                                                                                                                              substitution challenges our traditional voice
                                                                   business
                                                                                                                              revenues and compels us to develop other service
                                                                                                                              offerings

82 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media



5.3 Bell Media
Operating performance rebounded in 2021 driven by strong TV advertiser demand, which was supported by the
return to more normal major league sports and TV programming schedules, while our focus on French-language
TV led Noovo to outpace its two main competitors in viewership growth. We are also gaining significant traction
from our digital-first strategy to capture a larger share of digital ad spending in Canada, with digital revenues (1) up
an impressive 35%.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE ANALYSIS
2021 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS

Bell Media                                                       Bell Media
Revenues                                                         Adjusted EBITDA
(in $ millions)                                                  (in $ millions)




Bell Media                                                                                    Bell Media
Revenue mix                                                                                   Revenue mix
(product)                                                                                     (line of business)




BELL MEDIA RESULTS
REVENUES
                                                                                                                                                  2021                    2020             $ CHANGE                % CHANGE

External revenues                                                                                                                              2,681                    2,369                    312                 13.2%
Inter-segment revenues                                                                                                                           355                      381                    (26)                 (6.8%)
Bell Media operating revenues                                                                                                                  3,036                    2,750                    286                 10.4%




(1) Digital revenues are comprised of advertising revenue from digital platforms including web sites, mobile apps, connected TV apps and OOH digital assets/platforms, as well as advertising procured through Bell digital buying
    platforms and subscription revenue from direct-to-consumer services and Video on Demand services.

                                                                                                                                                                                   BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 83
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media

Bell Media operating revenues increased by 10.4% in 2021, compared to last             and the acquisition of V and Noovo.ca in May of 2020. Specialty TV revenues also
year, reflecting the ongoing recovery from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.       benefited from the return of more live sporting events in 2021 compared to last
The year-over-year growth was driven by higher advertising and subscriber              year. Both OOH and radio advertising revenues were moderately down over last
revenues. This includes growth in digital revenues of 35% in 2021, compared to         year, due to slower recovery from the effects of the pandemic, as OOH was
last year.                                                                             unfavourably impacted by government restrictions imposed on certain
• Advertising revenues increased by 16.3% in 2021, compared to 2020, due to            non-essential services in the first half of the year and radio reflected changes in
  growth in TV, offset in part by declines in OOH and radio. Conventional and          audience listening habits, due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
  specialty TV advertising revenue growth was driven by increased demand by           • Subscriber revenues increased by 4.8% in 2021, compared to last year, primarily
  advertisers due to the ongoing recovery from the effects of the                       from the continued growth in DTC subscribers from Crave, STARZ, and sports
  COVID-19 pandemic. Conventional TV revenues also reflected the favourability          streaming services
  from greater original programming in 2021

OPERATING COSTS AND ADJUSTED EBITDA
                                                                                                    2021                   2020              $ CHANGE             % CHANGE

Operating costs                                                                                  (2,311)                 (2,055)                 (256)               (12.5%)
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                    725                     695                    30                   4.3%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                             23.9%                  25.3%                                       (1.4) pts


Bell Media operating costs increased by 12.5% in 2021, compared to 2020,               79% of all Canadian English specialty and pay TV viewers and with its French
driven by:                                                                             specialty and pay TV properties reaching 78% of Québec French specialty and pay
• Greater sports rights and broadcast costs due to the return of most of the live      TV viewers in an average week
  sporting events in 2021 compared to cancellations and/or suspension of certain      • Bell Media continued to rank first in unique visitors, total page views and total
  sporting events in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic                          page minutes in digital media in 2021 among Canadian broadcast and video
• Higher TV programming costs from greater programming and TV productions in            network competitors. Bell Media also ranked fifth among online properties in the
  2021 while 2020 was impacted by COVID-19 related delays and/or cancellations          country in terms of unique visitors and reach, with 24.3 million unique visitors per
                                                                                        month, reaching 75% of the digital audience in 2021.
• The benefit in 2020 from the CEWS
                                                                                      • Bell Media remained Canada’s top radio broadcaster in 2021, and it had the
• Increased costs related to the Noovo acquisition                                      #1 radio station in Toronto and Montréal in Fall 2021.
Bell Media adjusted EBITDA grew by 4.3% in 2021 compared to last year, driven         • Astral is one of Canada’s leading OOH advertising providers, offering over
by higher revenues, moderated by higher operating costs.                                50,000 faces across Canada through a range of six product lines: outdoor
                                                                                        advertising, street furniture, airport, digital large format, transit and indoor place-
BELL MEDIA OPERATING METRICS                                                            based. Our products have the potential to reach 13.0 million Canadians weekly in
                                                                                        60 markets, and we offer exclusive advertising presence including 6 of the top
• CTV maintained its #1 ranking as the most-watched network in Canada for the           15 airports and 2 of the top transit commissions in Canada.
  20th year in a row among total viewers in primetime, with 14 of the top
  20 programs nationally among total viewers
• Bell Media maintained its leadership position in the specialty and pay TV market
  with its English specialty and pay TV properties reaching



COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE AND INDUSTRY TRENDS
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our business outlook. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the
beginning of this MD&A.


COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE                                                                 Bell Media competes in the TV, radio, OOH advertising and digital media markets:
Competition in the Canadian media industry has changed in recent years as             • TV: The TV market has become increasingly fragmented and this trend is
content is increasingly being controlled by a small number of global competitors        expected to continue as new services and technologies increase the diversity of
with significant scale and financial resources. Technology has allowed new              information and entertainment outlets available to consumers
entrants to become media players in their own right. Some players have become         • Radio: Competition within the radio broadcasting industry occurs primarily in
more vertically integrated across both traditional and emerging platforms to better     discrete local market areas among individual stations
enable the acquisition and monetization of premium content. Global aggregators
have also emerged and are competing for both content and viewers.                     • OOH: The Canadian OOH advertising industry is fragmented, consisting of a few
                                                                                        large companies as well as numerous smaller and local companies operating in a
                                                                                        few local markets


84 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media

• Digital media: Consumers continue to shift their media consumption towards          and mobile devices. In addition, the number of Canadian users who are connected
  digital and online media, mobile devices and on-demand content, requiring           to the Internet through their TVs continues to grow and there are increasingly more
  industry players to increase their efforts in digital content and capabilities in   access points for content on the TV including connected devices such as Apple TV,
  order to compete. This trend is also causing advertisers to direct more of their    Roku and Amazon Fire Stick. Changes in technology and consumer behaviour have
  spending to digital and online rather than traditional media. In addition, the      resulted in a number of challenges for content aggregators and distributors.
  number of competitors has increased as more digital and online media                Ubiquitous access to content enabled by connected devices introduces risk to
  companies, including large global companies, enter the market.                      traditional distribution platforms by enabling content owners to provide content
                                                                                      directly to distributors and consumers, thus bypassing traditional content
The media industry steadily recovered in 2021 from the effects of the                 aggregators.
COVID-19 pandemic. As the year progressed, demand for TV advertising
strengthened with the return to more normal major league sports and TV                GROWTH OF ALTERNATIVES TO TRADITIONAL LINEAR TV
programming schedules, while out of home advertising gradually improved due to
increased leisure and travel activity with the easing of COVID restrictions.          Consumers continue to have access to an array of online entertainment and
However, radio has been slow to recover and disproportionately impacted by the        information alternatives that did not previously exist. While traditional linear TV has
pandemic, due to ongoing COVID-related restrictions on local businesses and           historically been the only way to access entertainment programming, the increase in
work-from-home protocols.                                                             alternative entertainment options has led to a fragmentation in consumption habits.
                                                                                      Although more time is still spent on traditional linear TV compared to other forms of
Competitors                                                                           video consumption, people are increasingly consuming content on their own terms
                                                                                      from an assortment of services and in a variety of formats. In particular, today’s
TV                                                                                    viewers are consuming more content online, watching less scheduled programming
• Conventional Canadian TV stations (local and distant signals) and specialty and     live, time-shifting original broadcasts through PVRs, viewing more video on mobile
  pay channels, such as those owned by Corus Entertainment Inc. (Corus),              devices, and catching up on an expanded library of past programming on-demand.
  Rogers, Québecor and Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC)/Société                While the majority of households use pure OTT services, such as Crave, Netflix,
  Radio-Canada                                                                        Prime Video, Disney+ and Apple TV+, to complement linear TV consumption, an
                                                                                      increasing number are using these services as alternatives to a traditional linear
• U.S. conventional TV stations and specialty channels
                                                                                      package.
• OTT streaming providers such as Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, Disney+, Apple
  TV+, Paramount +, discovery+ and DAZN                                               ESCALATING CONTENT COSTS
• Video-sharing websites such as YouTube, TikTok and Instagram                        Premium video content has become increasingly important to media companies in
                                                                                      attracting and retaining viewers and advertisers. This content, including live sports
RADIO                                                                                 and special events, should continue to draw audiences and advertisers moving
• Large radio operators, such as Rogers, Corus, Cogeco and Stingray Group Inc.        forward. Heightened competition for these rights from global competitors, including
  that also own and operate radio station clusters in various local markets           Netflix, Prime Video, Disney+ and DAZN, has already resulted in higher program
                                                                                      rights costs and may also make it more difficult to secure content, which is a trend
• Radio stations in specific local markets                                            that is expected to continue into the future.
• Satellite radio provider SiriusXM
                                                                                      MEDIA COMPANIES ARE EVOLVING TO REMAIN COMPETITIVE
• Music streaming services such as Spotify and Apple Music
                                                                                      In recognition of changing consumer behaviour, media companies are evolving their
• Music downloading services such as Apple’s iTunes Store                             content and launching their own solutions with the objective of better competing with
• Other media such as newspapers, local weeklies, TV, magazines, outdoor              non-traditional offerings through DTC products such as Bell Media’s bilingual Crave
  advertising and the Internet                                                        service, TSN and RDS, as well as CTV and Noovo, all of which offer streaming on a
                                                                                      variety of platforms. Access to live sports and other premium content has become
OOH ADVERTISING                                                                       even more important for acquiring and retaining audiences that in turn attract
                                                                                      advertisers and subscriber revenue. Therefore, ownership of content and/or long-
• Large outdoor advertisers, such as Jim Pattison Broadcast Group, Outfront           term agreements with content owners has also become increasingly important to
  Media, Québecor, Dynamic and Clear Channel Outdoor                                  media companies.
• Numerous smaller and local companies operating a limited number of display
  faces in a few local markets                                                        In addition, there has been a shift in how advertisers want to buy advertising across
                                                                                      all media platforms. The growth of digital consumption has also given advertisers the
• Other media such as TV, radio, print media and the Internet                         opportunity to buy more targeted inventory and to buy inventory via self-serve and
                                                                                      programmatically. As a result, Bell Media and other media companies have initiated
INDUSTRY TRENDS                                                                       programs to sell their advertising inventory on a more targeted basis through
TECHNOLOGY AND CONSUMER HABITS TRANSFORMING                                           updated buying platforms with enhanced access to data and are now selling their
THE WAY TV IS DELIVERED                                                               inventory on programmatic buying platforms.
Technology used in the media industry continues to evolve rapidly, which has led to
alternative methods for the distribution, storage and consumption of content. These
technological developments have driven and reinforced changes in consumer
behaviour as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they
consume content. Consumers now have the ability to watch content from a variety
of media services on the screen of their choice, including TVs, computers,


                                                                                                                                        BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 85
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media


BUSINESS OUTLOOK AND ASSUMPTIONS
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to our projected financial performance for 2022 and our 2022 business outlook, objectives, plans and
strategic priorities. Refer to the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.


2022 OUTLOOK                                                                               Through Crave, our bilingual TV and streaming service, we will continue to leverage
                                                                                           our investments in premium content (including HBO, HBO Max, SHOWTIME and
Bell Media’s financial performance is projected to reflect a continued recovery in
                                                                                           STARZ) in order to attract pay TV and DTC subscribers. We intend to continue
2022, which should result in stronger advertiser demand, as well as strategic
                                                                                           expanding platform availability and delivering user experience improvements.
pricing on advertising sales and subscriber revenue growth. However, the
COVID-19 pandemic is expected to continue to have some negative impact on                  In our French-language TV services, we will continue to optimize our programming
overall results.                                                                           with a view to increasing our appeal to audiences, supported in particular by the
                                                                                           investment in Noovo and more French language originals.
Subscriber revenue performance is projected to reflect the benefits from BDU
carriage renewals, and continued scaling of DTC products, including Crave.                 In radio, we intend to leverage the strength of our market position to continue
However, the effects of shifting media consumption towards competing OTT and               offering advertisers, both nationally and locally, premium opportunities to reach their
digital platforms, as well as further TV cord-shaving and cord-cutting, will continue      target audiences. Additionally, in conjunction with our TV properties, we will continue
to negatively impact traditional subscriber volumes.                                       to pursue opportunities that leverage our promotional capabilities, provide an
                                                                                           expanded platform for content sharing, and offer other synergistic efficiencies.
For advertising revenue, we anticipate continued strong demand in TV and a
gradual recovery in demand for radio and OOH during the year.                              In our OOH operations, we plan to leverage the strength of our products to provide
                                                                                           advertisers with premium opportunities in key Canadian markets. We will also
We also intend to continue controlling costs by achieving productivity gains and
                                                                                           continue to seek new opportunities to support the growing demand in digital,
pursuing operational efficiencies across all of our media properties, while
                                                                                           including converting certain premium outdoor structures to digital and adding new
continuing to invest in premium content across all screens and platforms.
                                                                                           boards.
Across our media properties, particularly in TV, we intend to leverage the strength
of our market position combined with enhanced audience targeting to continue               ASSUMPTIONS
offering advertisers, both nationally and locally, premium opportunities to reach
their target audiences. Success in this area requires that we focus on a number of         • Overall revenue expected to reflect continued strong demand in TV advertising
factors, including: successfully acquiring highly rated programming and                      revenue including scaling of our SAM TV and Bell DSP buying platforms, a
differentiated content; building and maintaining strategic supply arrangements for           gradual recovery in radio and OOH advertisements, as well as DTC subscriber
content across all screens and platforms; producing and commissioning high-                  growth
quality Canadian content, including market-leading news; and scaling Bell Media’s          • Continued escalation of media content costs to secure quality programming, as
SAM TV and Bell DSP buying platforms, Bell Media’s ad buying optimization                    well as the continued return to normal volumes of entertainment programming
platforms which give customers the ability to plan, activate and measure marketing         • Continued scaling of Crave through broader content offering, user experience
campaigns using Bell’s premium first-party data and TV inventory.                            improvements and Crave Mobile
Our sports offerings are expected to continue to deliver premium content and               • Continued investment in Noovo original programming to better serve our French-
exceptional viewing experiences to our TV and DTC audiences. Our sports                      language customers with a wider array of content, in the language of their choice,
offerings, combined with the integration of our digital platforms, are integral parts of     on their preferred platforms
our strategy to enhance viewership and engagement. We will also continue to
focus on creating innovative high-quality productions in the areas of sports news          • Leveraging of first-party data to improve targeting, advertisement delivery and
and editorial coverage.                                                                      attribution
                                                                                           • Ability to successfully acquire and produce highly rated programming and
In non-sports specialty TV, audiences and advertising revenues are expected to be            differentiated content
driven by investment in quality programming and production.
                                                                                           • Building and maintaining strategic supply arrangements for content across all
                                                                                             screens and platforms
                                                                                           • No adverse material financial, operational or competitive consequences of
                                                                                             changes in or implementation of regulations affecting our media business

86 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
5 MD&A Business segment analysis Bell Media


KEY GROWTH DRIVERS
• Grow advertising revenue and increase market share as demand continues to               • Build out digital experiences across Crave, CTV, Noovo, TSN and RDS in order to
  return across all platforms                                                               support audience growth and increase advertising inventory
• Scaling of SAM TV and Bell DSP buying platforms                                         • Grow market share and generate revenue from continued investment in Noovo
• Ongoing growth in BDU rates                                                               original programming
                                                                                          • Maintain strength in audience performance across all platforms


PRINCIPAL BUSINESS RISKS
This section discusses certain principal business risks specifically related to the Bell Media segment. For a detailed description of the other principal risks that could have a
material adverse effect on our business, including those related to the COVID-19 pandemic, refer to section 9, Business risks.

AGGRESSIVE COMPETITION,                                        ADVERTISING AND SUBSCRIPTION                               RISING CONTENT COSTS AND
PIRACY AND REGULATORY                                          REVENUE UNCERTAINTY                                        ABILITY TO SECURE KEY CONTENT
CONSTRAINTS                                                    RISK                                                       RISK
RISK                                                           • Advertising is heavily dependent on economic             • Rising content costs, as an increasing number of
• The intensity of competitive activity from new                 conditions and viewership, and conventional media          domestic and global competitors seek to acquire
  technologies and alternative distribution platforms such       is under increasing pressure for advertising spend         the same content or to restrict content within their
  as unregulated OTT content offerings, VOD, personal            against dominant non-traditional/global digital            own ecosystems, and the ability to acquire or
  video platforms, DTC distribution and pirated content, in      services. Our ability to grow digital and other            develop key differentiated content to drive revenues
  addition to traditional TV services, in combination with       alternative advertising media, in the context of a         and subscriber growth.
  the development of more aggressive product and sales           changing and fragmented advertising market, is
  strategies by non-traditional global players                   further being challenged by such global-scale            • Additional production delays attributable to the
                                                                 players.                                                   COVID-19 pandemic could further pressure our
                                                                                                                            ability to secure key content in the short term.
POTENTIAL IMPACT                                               • The advertising market could be again impacted by
• Adverse impact on the level of subscriptions and/or            cancelled or delayed advertising campaigns should
                                                                 a prolonged COVID-19 pandemic lead to further            POTENTIAL IMPACT
  viewership for Bell Media’s TV services and on
  Bell Media’s revenue streams                                   economic downturns. Our radio and OOH properties         • Rising programming costs could require us to incur
                                                                 are particularly vulnerable to pandemic-related            unplanned expenses, which could result in negative
                                                                 measures resulting in lower audience levels from           pressure on adjusted EBITDA
                                                                 circulation and traffic.                                 • Our inability to acquire or develop popular
                                                               • Bell Media has contracts with a variety of BDUs,           programming content could adversely affect Bell
                                                                 under which monthly subscription fees for specialty        Media’s viewership and subscription levels and,
                                                                 and pay TV services are earned, that expire on             consequently, advertising and subscription
                                                                 a specific date                                            revenues

                                                               POTENTIAL IMPACT
                                                               • Economic uncertainty could reduce advertisers’
                                                                 spending. Our failure to increase or maintain
                                                                 viewership or capture our share of the changing and
                                                                 fragmented advertising market could result in the
                                                                 loss of advertising revenue.
                                                               • The COVID-19 pandemic could again continue to
                                                                 drive a material decline in advertising revenue
                                                                 across all Bell Media platforms
                                                               • If we are not successful in obtaining favourable
                                                                 agreements with BDUs, it could result in the loss of
                                                                 subscription revenue

                                                                                                                                            BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 87
6 MD&A Financial and capital management


6           Financial and capital management
This section tells you how we manage our cash and capital resources to carry out our strategy and deliver financial results. It provides an analysis of our
financial condition, cash flows and liquidity on a consolidated basis.



6.1 Net debt
                                                                                                                                                     2021                    2020              $ CHANGE                % CHANGE

Long-term debt                                                                                                                                    27,048                 23,906                   3,142                  13.1%
Debt due within one year                                                                                                                           2,625                   2,417                    208                    8.6%
50% of preferred shares (1)                                                                                                                        2,002                   2,002                          –                    –
Cash                                                                                                                                                (207)                   (224)                     17                   7.6%
Net debt                                                                                                                                          31,468                 28,101                   3,367                  12.0%

(1) 50% of outstanding preferred shares of $4,003 million in 2021 and 2020 are classified as debt consistent with the treatment by some credit rating agencies.


The increase of $208 million in debt due within one year and $3,142 million in long-                                 The decrease in cash of $17 million was mainly due to:
term debt, was due to:                                                                                               • $4,837 million of capital expenditures
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series US-3, Series US-4, Series US-5 and                                           • $3,132 million of dividends paid on BCE common shares
  Series US-6 Notes, with total principal amounts of $600 million, $500 million,
  $600 million and $650 million in U.S. dollars, respectively ($747 million,                                         • $2,751 million of repayment of long-term debt
  $623 million, $755 million and $818 million in Canadian dollars, respectively).                                    • $2,082 million for the acquisition of spectrum licences mainly for the acquisition
  The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by BCE.                                                           of 3500 MHz spectrum
• the issuance by Bell Canada of Series M-54, Series M-55 and Series M-56 MTN                                        • $297 million for the purchase on the open market of BCE common shares for the
  debentures, with total principal amounts of $1 billion, $550 million and                                             settlement of share-based payments
  $500 million in Canadian dollars, respectively. The MTN debentures are fully and
  unconditionally guaranteed by BCE.                                                                                 • $150 million decrease in securitized trade receivables
• an increase in our notes payable (net of repayments) of $351 million                                               • $125 million of dividends paid on BCE preferred shares
                                                                                                                     • $86 million of cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI
Partly offset by:
                                                                                                                     • $78 million of other financing activities which includes the payments for early debt
• the early redemption of Series M-40 MTN debentures with a total principal                                            redemption costs
  amount of $1,700 million in Canadian dollars
                                                                                                                     • $72 million of other investing activities
• a decrease in our securitized trade receivables of $150 million
• a net decrease of $144 million due to lower lease liabilities and other debt                                       Partly offset by:
                                                                                                                     • $8,008 million of cash flows from operating activities
                                                                                                                     • $4,985 million of issuance of long-term debt
                                                                                                                     • $351 million increase in notes payable
                                                                                                                     • $261 million from the issuance of common shares under our employee stock
                                                                                                                       option plan




6.2 Outstanding share data
                                                                                                 NUMBER                                                                                         NUMBER        WEIGHTED AVERAGE
COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING                                                                      OF SHARES             STOCK OPTIONS OUTSTANDING                                               OF OPTIONS        EXERCISE PRICE ($)

Outstanding, January 1, 2021                                                               904,415,010               Outstanding, January 1, 2021                                          15,650,234                         59
Shares issued under employee stock option plan                                                4,603,861              Exercised (1)                                                          (4,603,861)                       57
Outstanding, December 31, 2021                                                             909,018,871               Forfeited or expired                                                     (267,649)                       60
                                                                                                                     Outstanding, December 31, 2021                                        10,778,724                         60
                                                                                                                     Exercisable, December 31, 2021                                          4,316,424                        58

                                                                                                                     (1) The weighted average market share price for options exercised in 2021 was $64.


                                                                                                                     At March 3, 2022, 910,920,615 common shares and 8,876,980 stock options were
                                                                                                                     outstanding.


88 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
6 MD&A Financial and capital management



6.3 Cash flows
                                                                                                                      2021             2020       $ CHANGE       % CHANGE

Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                8,008            7,754            254           3.3%
Capital expenditures                                                                                               (4,837)          (4,202)          (635)        (15.1%)
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                              (125)            (132)             7           5.3%
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest                                                       (86)             (53)           (33)        (62.3%)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                                       35               35              –              –
Cash from discontinued operations (included in cash flows from operating activities)                                    –              (54)            54         100.0%
Free cash flow                                                                                                      2,995            3,348           (353)        (10.5%)
Cash from discontinued operations (included in cash flows from operating activities)                                    –               54            (54)       (100.0%)
Business acquisitions                                                                                                 (12)             (65)            53          81.5%
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                                      (35)             (35)             –              –
Acquisition of spectrum licences                                                                                   (2,082)             (86)        (1,996)           n.m.
Other investing activities                                                                                            (72)             (79)             7           8.9%
Cash from discontinued operations (included in cash flows from investing activities)                                    –              892           (892)       (100.0%)
Increase (decrease) in notes payable and bank advances                                                               351            (1,641)         1,992            n.m.
Decrease in securitized trade receivables                                                                            (150)               –           (150)           n.m.
Issue of long-term debt                                                                                             4,985            6,006         (1,021)        (17.0%)
Repayment of long-term debt                                                                                        (2,751)          (5,003)         2,252          45.0%
Issue of common shares                                                                                               261                26            235            n.m.
Purchase of shares for settlement of share-based payments                                                            (297)            (263)           (34)        (12.9%)
Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                                               (3,132)          (2,975)          (157)         (5.3%)
Other financing activities                                                                                            (78)             (93)            15          16.1%
Cash used in discontinued operations (included in cash flows from financing activities)                                 –               (7)             7         100.0%
Net (decrease) increase in cash                                                                                       (17)              83           (100)           n.m.
Net decrease in cash equivalents                                                                                        –               (4)             4         100.0%

n.m.: not meaningful




CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES AND FREE CASH FLOW
In 2021, BCE’s cash flows from operating activities increased by $254 million,            Free cash flow decreased by $353 million in 2021, compared to 2020, mainly due to
compared to 2020, mainly due to higher adjusted EBITDA and higher cash from               higher capital expenditures, partly offset by higher cash flows from operating
working capital due mainly to the timing of supplier payments, partly offset by           activities, excluding cash from discontinued operations and acquisition and other
higher severance and other costs paid and higher income taxes paid. Additionally,         costs paid.
there was lower cash from discontinued operations in 2021 as the sale of
substantially all of our data centre operations was completed in Q4 2020.



CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
                                                                                                                     2021              2020       $ CHANGE      % CHANGE

Bell Wireless                                                                                                      1,120               916            (204)       (22.3%)
   Capital intensity                                                                                                12.4%             10.5%                       (1.9) pts
Bell Wireline                                                                                                      3,597             3,161            (436)       (13.8%)
   Capital intensity                                                                                                29.5%             25.9%                       (3.6) pts
Bell Media                                                                                                           120               125               5         4.0%
   Capital intensity                                                                                                 4.0%               4.5%                      0.5 pts
BCE                                                                                                                4,837             4,202            (635)       (15.1%)
   Capital intensity                                                                                                20.6%             18.4%                       (2.2) pts

                                                                                                                                         BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 89
6 MD&A Financial and capital management

BCE capital expenditures increased by 15.1% or $635 million in 2021 over last            our mobile 5G network which at the end of 2021 reached more than 70% of the
year to $4,837 million for a corresponding capital intensity of 20.6%, up 2.2 pts        Canadian population
over 2020. The growth in capital spending is consistent with our two-year plan to       • Greater capital spending in our wireline segment of $436 million in 2021,
accelerate network investments. The year-over-year increase was driven by:                compared to last year, mainly from the continued expansion of our FTTP network
• Higher capital spending in our wireless segment of $204 million in 2021,                to more homes and businesses and the rollout of our fixed WTTP network to more
  compared to last year, primarily due to the ongoing deployment of                       rural locations



SPECTRUM PAYMENT
On December 17, 2021, Bell Mobility acquired 271 licences in a number of urban and rural markets for 678 million MHz-Pop of 3500 MHz spectrum for $2.07 billion.



CASH FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (INCLUDED IN CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES)
In 2020, cash from discontinued operations (included in cash flows from investing activities) was $892 million mainly due to $933 million (net of debt and other items)
received in Q4 2020 from the completion of the sale of substantially all of our data centre operations.



DEBT INSTRUMENTS
We use a combination of short-term and long-term debt to finance our operations. Our short-term debt consists mostly of notes payable under commercial paper programs,
loans securitized by trade receivables and bank facilities. We usually pay fixed rates of interest on our long-term debt and floating rates on our short-term debt. As at
December 31, 2021, all of our debt was denominated in Canadian dollars with the exception of our commercial paper, and Series US-1, US-2, US-3, US-4, US-5 and
US-6 Notes, which are denominated in U.S. dollars and have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations through cross currency interest rate swaps.

2021                                                                                    2020
During 2021, we issued debt, net of repayments. This included:                          During 2020, we repaid debt, net of issuances. This included:
• $4,985 million issuance of long-term debt comprised of the issuance of Series         • $1,641 million repayment (net of issuances) of notes payable
  US-3, Series US-4, Series US-5 and Series US-6 Notes, with total principal            • $5,003 million repayment of long-term debt comprised of the repayment by Bell
  amounts of $600 million, $500 million, $600 million and $650 million in U.S.            Canada of $1,450 million in U.S. dollars ($2,035 million in Canadian dollars) under
  dollars, respectively ($747 million, $623 million, $755 million and $818 million in     its committed credit facilities, the early redemption of Series M-42, Series
  Canadian dollars, respectively), and the issuance of Series M-54, Series                M-30 and Series M-24 MTN debentures with total principal amounts of
  M-55 and Series M-56 MTN debentures, with total principal amounts of                    $850 million, $750 million and $500 million in Canadian dollars, respectively, and
  $1 billion, $550 million and $500 million in Canadian dollars, respectively, partly     net payments of leases and other debt of $868 million
  offset by $8 million of discounts on our debt issuances
• $351 million issuance (net of repayments) of notes payable                            Partly offset by:
                                                                                        • $6,006 million issuance of long-term debt comprised of the drawdown of
Partly offset by:                                                                         $1,450 million in U.S. dollars ($2,035 million in Canadian dollars) under Bell
• $2,751 million repayment of long-term debt comprised of early redemption of             Canada’s committed credit facilities and the issuance of Series M-51, Series
  Series M-40 MTN debentures with a total principal amount of $1,700 million in           M-47, Series M-52, and Series M-53 MTN debentures, with total principal amounts
  Canadian dollars and net payments of leases and other debt of $1,051 million            of $1,250 million, $1 billion, $1 billion and $750 million in Canadian dollars,
• $150 million decrease in securitized trade receivables                                  respectively, partly offset by $29 million of net discounts on our debt issuances




ISSUANCE OF COMMON SHARES
The issuance of common shares in 2021 increased by $235 million, compared to 2020, mainly due to a higher number of exercised stock options.



CASH DIVIDENDS PAID ON COMMON SHARES
In 2021, cash dividends paid on common shares of $3,132 million increased by $157 million, compared to 2020, due to a higher dividend paid in 2021 of $3.4575 per
common share compared to $3.2900 per common share in 2020.
90 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
6 MD&A Financial and capital management



6.4 Post-employment benefit plans
For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded an increase in our post-                            For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded an increase in our post-
employment benefit plans and a gain, before taxes, in OCI from continuing                             employment benefit plans and a gain, before taxes, in OCI from continuing
operations of $2,433 million. This was due to a higher-than-expected return on                        operations of $687 million. This was due to a higher-than-expected return on plan
plan assets in 2021 and a higher actual discount rate of 3.2% at December 31,                         assets in 2020, partly offset by a lower actual discount rate of 2.6% at December 31,
2021, compared to 2.6% at December 31, 2020.                                                          2020, compared to 3.1% at December 31, 2019.




6.5 Financial risk management
Management’s objectives are to protect BCE and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis against material economic exposures and variability of results from various financial
risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk, interest rate risk, commodity price risk, equity price risk and longevity risk. These risks are further described in
Note 2, Significant accounting policies, Note 8, Other income (expense), Note 27, Post-employment benefit plans and Note 29, Financial and capital management in
BCE’s 2021 consolidated financial statements.
The following table outlines our financial risks, how we manage these risks and their financial statement classification.

FINANCIAL                    DESCRIPTION                                                            MANAGEMENT OF RISK AND
RISK                         OF RISK                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENT CLASSIFICATION
Credit risk                  We are exposed to credit risk from operating activities and            • Large and diverse customer base
                             certain financing activities, the maximum exposure of which is
                                                                                                    • Deal with institutions with investment-grade credit ratings
                             represented by the carrying amounts reported in the statements
                             of financial position. We are exposed to credit risk if                • Regularly monitor our credit risk and credit exposure
                             counterparties to our trade receivables, including wireless device
                                                                                                    • Our trade receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts balances at December 31, 2021,
                             financing plan receivables, and derivative instruments are unable
                                                                                                      which both include the current portion of wireless device financing plan receivables, were
                             to meet their obligations.
                                                                                                      $3,843 million and $136 million, respectively
                                                                                                    • Our non-current wireless device financing plan receivables and allowance for doubtful accounts
                                                                                                      balances at December 31, 2021 were $387 million and $15 million, respectively
                                                                                                    • Our contract assets balances at December 31, 2021 was $665 million, net of an allowance for
                                                                                                      doubtful accounts balance of $20 million
Liquidity risk               We are exposed to liquidity risk for financial liabilities.            • Sufficient cash from operating activities, possible capital markets financing and committed bank
                                                                                                      facilities to fund our operations and fulfill our obligations as they become due
                                                                                                    • Refer to section 6.7, Liquidity – Contractual obligations, for a maturity analysis of our recognized
                                                                                                      financial liabilities
Foreign currency risk        We are exposed to foreign currency risk related to anticipated         • Foreign currency forward contracts and options maturing in 2022 to 2023 of $2.5 billion in U.S.
                             purchases and certain foreign currency debt.                             dollars ($3.1 billion in Canadian dollars) and ₱2.3 billion in Philippine pesos ($58 million in
                                                                                                      Canadian dollars) at December 31, 2021, to manage foreign currency risk related to anticipated
                             A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the value of the Canadian           purchases and certain foreign currency debt
                             dollar relative to the U.S. dollar would result in a loss of
                             $7 million (loss of $20 million) recognized in net earnings from         • For cash flow hedges, changes in the fair value are recognized in OCI from continuing
                             continuing operations at December 31, 2021 and a gain of                   operations, except for any ineffective portion, which is recognized in Other income (expense)
                             $241 million (loss of $221 million) recognized in OCI from                 in the income statements. Realized gains and losses in Accumulated OCI are reclassified to
                             continuing operations at December 31, 2021, with all other                 the income statements or to the initial cost of the non-financial asset in the same periods as
                             variables held constant.                                                   the corresponding hedged transactions are recognized.
                             A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the value of the Canadian           • For economic hedges, changes in the fair value are recognized in Other income (expense) in
                             dollar relative to the Philippine peso would result in a gain (loss)       the income statements
                             of $4 million recognized in OCI from continuing operations at          • At December 31, 2021, we had outstanding cross currency interest rate swaps with notional
                             December 31, 2021, with all other variables held constant.               amounts of $3,500 million in U.S. dollars ($4,511 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S.
                             Refer to the following Fair value section for details on our             currency exposure of our U.S. Notes maturing from 2032 and 2052
                             derivative financial instruments.                                        • For cross currency interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are
                                                                                                        recognized in our statements of comprehensive income, except for amounts recorded in Other
                                                                                                        income (expense) in the income statements to offset the foreign currency translation
                                                                                                        adjustment on the related debt and any portion of the hedging relationship which is ineffective

                                                                                                                                                                BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 91
6 MD&A Financial and capital management

FINANCIAL                 DESCRIPTION                                                            MANAGEMENT OF RISK AND
RISK                      OF RISK                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENT CLASSIFICATION
Interest rate risk        We are exposed to risk on the interest rates of our debt, our          • We use cross currency interest rate swaps, cross currency basis rate swaps and forward starting
                          post-employment benefit plans and on dividend rate resets on             interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate exposure on existing and/or future debt issuances. We
                          our preferred shares.                                                    also use leveraged interest rate options to economically hedge dividend rate resets on preferred
                                                                                                   shares.
                          A 1% increase (decrease) in interest rates would result in a loss
                          of $4 million (gain of $3 million) in net earnings from continuing     • In 2021, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of
                          operations at December 31, 2021 and a gain of $18 million (loss          $600 million in U.S. dollars ($748 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the interest exposure of
                          of $25 million) recognized in OCI from continuing operations at          our U.S. Notes maturing in 2024
                          December 31, 2021, with all other variables held constant.               • For cross currency interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the
                          Refer to the following Fair value section for details on our               related debt are recognized in Other income (expense) in the income statements and offset,
                          derivative financial instruments.                                          except for any ineffective portion of the hedging relationship
                                                                                                 • In 2021, we entered into forward starting interest rate swaps with a notional amount of
                                                                                                   $127 million to hedge the interest rate exposure on future debt issuances
                                                                                                   • For forward starting interest rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are
                                                                                                     recognized in our statements of comprehensive income, except for any ineffective portion of
                                                                                                     the hedging relationship, which is recognized in Other income (expense) in the income
                                                                                                     statements. Realized gains and losses in Accumulated OCI are reclassified to Interest
                                                                                                     expense in the income statements over the term of the related debt.
                                                                                                 • In 2021, we also entered into cross currency basis rate swaps with a notional amount of
                                                                                                   $127 million to hedge economically the basis rate exposure on future debt issuances
                                                                                                   • For cross currency basis rate swaps, changes in the fair value of these derivatives are
                                                                                                     recognized in the income statements in Other income (expense)
                                                                                                 • For our post-employment benefit plans, the interest rate risk is managed using a liability
                                                                                                   matching approach, which reduces the exposure of the DB plans to a mismatch between
                                                                                                   investment growth and obligation growth
Equity price risk         We are exposed to risk on our cash flow related to the settlement • Equity forward contracts with a fair value net asset of $130 million at December 31, 2021 on
                          of equity settled share-based compensation plans.                   BCE’s common shares to economically hedge the cash flow exposure related to the settlement
                                                                                              of equity settled share-based compensation plans
                          A 5% increase (decrease) in the market price of BCE’s common
                          shares at December 31, 2021 would result in a gain (loss) of         • Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in the income statements in Other
                          $43 million recognized in net earnings from continuing                 income (expense) for derivatives used to hedge equity settled share-based payment plans
                          operations, for 2021, with all other variables held constant.
                          Refer to the following Fair value section for details on our
                          derivative financial instruments.
Commodity price risk      We are exposed to risk on the purchase cost of fuel. Refer to the      • As at December 31, 2021, all fuel swaps had matured
                          following Fair value section for details on our derivative financial
                                                                                                   • Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in the income statements in Other
                          instruments.
                                                                                                     income (expense)
Longevity risk            We are exposed to life expectancy risk on our post-employment          • The Bell Canada pension plan has an investment arrangement which hedges part of its
                          benefit plans.                                                           exposure to potential increases in longevity, which covers approximately $4 billion of post-
                                                                                                   employment benefit obligations

92 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
6 MD&A Financial and capital management


FAIR VALUE
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a                               The carrying values of our cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables,
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement                                  dividends payable, trade payables and accruals, compensation payable, severance
date.                                                                                                               and other costs payable, interest payable, notes payable and loans secured by trade
                                                                                                                    receivables approximate fair value as they are short-term. The carrying value of
Certain fair value estimates are affected by assumptions we make about the                                          wireless device financing plan receivables approximates fair value given that their
amount and timing of future cash flows and discount rates, all of which reflect                                     average remaining duration is short and the carrying value is reduced by an
varying degrees of risk. Income taxes and other expenses that may be incurred on                                    allowance for doubtful accounts and an allowance for revenue adjustments.
disposition of financial instruments are not reflected in the fair values. As a result,
the fair values may not be the net amounts that would be realized if these
instruments were settled.


The following table provides the fair value details of other financial instruments measured at amortized cost in the statements of financial position.
                                                                                                                                                                  DECEMBER 31, 2021                      DECEMBER 31, 2020
                                                                                                                                                               CARRYING               FAIR        CARRYING                    FAIR
                               CLASSIFICATION                      FAIR VALUE METHODOLOGY                                                                         VALUE             VALUE            VALUE                  VALUE

CRTC deferral account          Trade payables and                  Present value of estimated future cash flows                                                       66                67                 82                  86
obligation                     other liabilities and other         discounted using observable market interest rates
                               non-current liabilities
Debt securities and other Debt due within one year and Quoted market price of debt                                                                               23,729            26,354          20,525                  24,366
debt                      long-term debt


The following table provides the fair value details of financial instruments measured at fair value in the statements of financial position.
                                                                                                                                                                FAIR VALUE OF ASSET (LIABILITY)
                                                                                                                                                            QUOTED PRICES IN
                                                                                                                                                             ACTIVE MARKETS             OBSERVABLE              NON-OBSERVABLE
                                                                                                                                                               FOR IDENTICAL            MARKET DATA               MARKET INPUTS
                                             CLASSIFICATION                                                                          CARRYING VALUE          ASSETS (LEVEL 1)              (LEVEL 2) (1)               (LEVEL3) (2)
December 31, 2021
Publicly-traded and privately-held           Other non-current assets                                                                            183                       24                       –                        159
investments (3)
Derivative financial instruments             Other current assets, trade payables and other liabilities, other                                   279                        –                     279                           –
                                             non-current assets and liabilities
MLSE financial liability (4)                 Trade payables and other liabilities                                                               (149)                       –                       –                        (149)
Other                                        Other non-current assets and liabilities                                                            122                        –                     185                         (63)
December 31, 2020
Publicly-traded and privately-held           Other non-current assets                                                                            126                        3                       –                        123
investments (3)
Derivative financial instruments             Other current assets, trade payables and other liabilities, other                                    (51)                      –                     (51)                          –
                                             non-current assets and liabilities
MLSE financial liability (4)                 Trade payables and other liabilities                                                               (149)                       –                       –                        (149)
Other                                        Other non-current assets and liabilities                                                            109                        –                     167                         (58)

(1) Observable market data such as equity prices, interest rates, swap rate curves and foreign currency exchange rates.
(2) Non-observable market inputs such as discounted cash flows and earnings multiples. A reasonable change in our assumptions would not result in a significant increase (decrease) to our level 3 financial instruments
(3) Unrealized gains and losses are recorded in OCI from continuing operations in the statements of comprehensive income and are reclassified from Accumulated OCI to the deficit in the statements of financial position when
    realized
(4) Represents BCE’s obligation to repurchase the Master Trust Fund’s 9% interest in MLSE at a price not less than an agreed minimum price, should the Master Trust Fund exercise its put option. The obligation to repurchase is
    marked to market each reporting period and the gain or loss is recognized in Other income (expense) in the income statements.

                                                                                                                                                                                      BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 93
6 MD&A Financial and capital management



6.6 Credit ratings
Credit ratings generally address the ability of a company to repay principal and pay                                  available partly depend on our assigned credit ratings at the time capital is raised.
interest on debt or dividends on issued and outstanding preferred shares.                                             Investment grade credit ratings usually mean that when we borrow money, we
                                                                                                                      qualify for lower interest rates than companies that have ratings lower than
Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity and                                 investment grade. A ratings downgrade could result in adverse consequences for our
debt capital markets as well as the bank credit market. Our ability to access such                                    funding capacity or ability to access the capital markets.
markets and the cost and amount of funding


The following table provides BCE’s and Bell Canada’s credit ratings, which are considered investment grade, as at March 3, 2022 from DBRS, Moody’s and S&P.


KEY CREDIT RATINGS
                                                                                                                                                                                   BELL CANADA (1)
MARCH 3, 2022                                                                                                                                                     DBRS                MOODY’S                                   S&P

Commercial paper                                                                                                                                            R-2 (high)                     P-2       A-1 (Low) (Canadian scale)
                                                                                                                                                                                                               A-2 (Global scale)
Long-term debt                                                                                                                                             BBB (high)                    Baa1                                BBB+
Subordinated long-term debt                                                                                                                                 BBB (low)                    Baa2                                  BBB
                                                                                                                                                                                           BCE (1)
                                                                                                                                                                  DBRS                MOODY’S                                   S&P
Preferred shares                                                                                                                                                 Pfd-3                        –      P-2 (Low) (Canadian scale)
                                                                                                                                                                                                             BBB- (Global scale)

(1) These credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of the securities referred to, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings are determined by the rating
    agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and they do not comment on market price or suitability for a particular investor. Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.


As of March 3, 2022, BCE’s and Bell Canada’s credit ratings have stable outlooks from DBRS, Moody’s and S&P.



6.7 Liquidity
This section contains forward-looking statements, including relating to the expectation that our available liquidity, which is comprised of cash and cash equivalents and
amounts available under our securitized trade receivable program and our committed bank credit facilities, will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements for 2022. Refer to
the section Caution regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this MD&A.



AVAILABLE LIQUIDITY
Total available liquidity at December 31, 2021 was $3.4 billion, comprised of                                         In 2022, our cash flows from operations, cash, cash equivalents, capital markets
$207 million in cash, $400 million available under our securitized trade receivable                                   financings, securitized trade receivable program and credit facilities should give us
program and $2.8 billion available under our $3.5 billion committed bank credit                                       flexibility in carrying out our plans for business growth, including business
facilities (given $711 million of commercial paper outstanding).                                                      acquisitions, as well as for the payment of contingencies.
We expect that our available liquidity, 2022 estimated cash flows from operations                                     We continuously monitor the rapidly changing COVID-19 pandemic for impacts on
and capital markets financing will permit us to meet our cash requirements in 2022                                    operations, capital markets and the Canadian economy with the objective of
for capital expenditures, post-employment benefit plans funding, dividend                                             maintaining adequate liquidity.
payments, the payment of contractual obligations, maturing debt, ongoing
operations and other cash requirements.
Should our 2022 cash requirements exceed our cash, cash equivalents, cash
generated from our operations, and funds raised under capital markets financings
and our securitized trade receivable program, we would expect to cover such a
shortfall by drawing under committed credit facilities that are currently in place or
through new facilities to the extent available.


94 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
6 MD&A Financial and capital management

The table below is a summary of our total bank credit facilities at December 31, 2021.
                                                                                                                                 TOTAL                                 LETTERS      COMMERCIAL PAPER                      NET
DECEMBER 31, 2021                                                                                                            AVAILABLE                   DRAWN        OF CREDIT         OUTSTANDING                 AVAILABLE

Committed credit facilities
    Unsecured revolving and expansion credit facilities (1) (2)                                                                  3,500                         –              –                    711                 2,789
    Other                                                                                                                           106                        –            106                      –                      –
Total committed credit facilities                                                                                                3,606                         –            106                    711                 2,789
Total non-committed credit facilities                                                                                            1,939                         –         1,060                       –                    879
Total committed and non-committed credit facilities                                                                              5,545                         –         1,166                     711                 3,668

(1) Bell Canada’s $2.5 billion committed revolving credit facility expires in May 2026 and its $1 billion committed expansion credit facility expires in May 2024.
(2) As of December 31, 2021, Bell Canada’s outstanding commercial paper included $561 million in U.S. dollars ($711 million in Canadian dollars). All of Bell Canada’s commercial paper outstanding is included in Debt due within
    one year.


Bell Canada may issue notes under its Canadian and U.S. commercial paper                                                Some of our credit agreements require us to meet specific financial ratios and to
programs up to the maximum aggregate principal amount of $3 billion in either                                           offer to repay and cancel the credit agreement upon a change of control of BCE or
Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no time shall such maximum amount of                                         Bell Canada. In addition, some of our debt agreements require us to offer to
notes exceed $3.5 billion in Canadian currency which equals the aggregate                                               repurchase certain series of debt securities upon the occurrence of a change of
amount available under Bell Canada’s committed supporting revolving and                                                 control event as defined in the relevant debt agreements. We are in compliance with
expansion credit facilities as at December 31, 2021. The total amount of the net                                        all conditions and restrictions under such agreements.
available committed revolving and expansion credit facilities may be drawn at any
time.




CASH REQUIREMENTS
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES                                                                                                    We expect to contribute approximately $90 million to our DB pension plans in 2022,
                                                                                                                        subject to actuarial valuations being completed in mid-2022. We expect to contribute
In 2022, our planned capital spending will be focused on our strategic imperatives,
                                                                                                                        approximately $110 million to the DC pension plans and to pay approximately
reflecting an appropriate level of investment in our networks and services. Bell will
                                                                                                                        $75 million to beneficiaries under OPEB plans in 2022.
continue its $1.7 billion capital expenditure acceleration program to roll out its
direct fibre, WHI and mobile 5G networks under which $800 million was spent
in 2021 and the remaining $900 million is expected to be spent in 2022. The 2022                                        DIVIDEND PAYMENTS
accelerated capital expenditures are expected to be funded through available                                            In 2022, the cash dividends to be paid on BCE’s common shares are expected to be
liquidity, 2022 estimated cash flows from operations and capital markets financing.                                     higher than in 2021 as BCE’s annual common share dividend increased by 5.1% to
                                                                                                                        $3.68 per common share from $3.50 per common share effective with the dividend
POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS FUNDING                                                                                   payable on April 15, 2022. The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of
                                                                                                                        the BCE Board.
Our post-employment benefit plans include DB pension and defined contribution
(DC) pension plans, as well as other post-employment benefits (OPEBs) plans.
The funding requirements of our post-employment benefit plans, resulting from
valuations of our plan assets and liabilities, depend on a number of factors,
including actual returns on post-employment benefit plan assets, long-term interest
rates, plan demographics, and applicable regulations and actuarial standards.
Actuarial valuations were last performed for our significant post-employment
benefit plans as at December 31, 2020.


                                                                                                                                                                                   BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 95
6 MD&A Financial and capital management

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
The following table is a summary of our contractual obligations at December 31, 2021 that are due in each of the next five years and thereafter.
                                                                                                                                                            THERE-
AT DECEMBER 31, 2021                                                               2022            2023           2024           2025          2026          AFTER         TOTAL

Recognized financial liabilities
    Long-term debt                                                                 156           1,632          2,060          2,153          1,561        16,289        23,851
    Notes payable                                                                  735               –              –              –             –              –           735
    Lease liabilities (1)                                                         1,009            833           541             439           406          1,922         5,150
    Loan secured by trade receivables                                              900               –              –              –             –              –           900
    Interest payable on long-term debt, notes payable and loan secured by trade
        receivables                                                                918             890           825             770           718          9,068        13,189
    Net payments (receipts) on cross currency basis swaps                           11              12             (2)            12            12            314           359
    MLSE financial liability                                                       149               –              –              –             –              –           149
Commitments (off-balance sheet)
    Commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets           1,104            757           461             334           219            161         3,036
    Purchase obligations                                                           542             380           245             210           292            221         1,890
    Leases committed not yet commenced                                                  7            2              6              1             –              –            16
Total                                                                             5,531          4,506          4,136          3,919          3,208        27,975        49,275

(1) Includes imputed interest of $841 million.


Our commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets include             INDEMNIFICATIONS AND GUARANTEES
program and feature film rights and investments to expand and update our                    (OFF-BALANCE SHEET)
networks to meet customer demand.
                                                                                            As a regular part of our business, we enter into agreements that provide for
Purchase obligations consist of contractual obligations under service and product           indemnifications and guarantees to counterparties in transactions involving business
contracts for operating expenditures and other purchase obligations.                        dispositions, sales of assets, sales of services, purchases and development of
                                                                                            assets, securitization agreements and leases. While some of the agreements specify
Our commitments for leases not yet commenced include OOH advertising spaces,                a maximum potential exposure, many do not specify a maximum amount or
fibre use and real estate. These leases are non-cancellable.                                termination date.
Subsequent to year end, in February 2022, Bell acquired a business that provides            We cannot reasonably estimate the maximum potential amount we could be required
Internet, telephone and television services to consumers and businesses in                  to pay counterparties because of the nature of almost all of these indemnifications
Québec and parts of Ontario. The acquisition is expected to accelerate growth in            and guarantees. As a result, we cannot determine how they could affect our future
Bell’s residential and small business customers. The results of the acquired                liquidity, capital resources or credit risk profile. We have not made any significant
business will be included in our Bell Wireline segment.                                     payments under indemnifications or guarantees in the past.
Additionally, subsequent to year end, we entered into new commitments for
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets totaling approximately
$1.4 billion, which is payable between 2022 and 2033.




6.8 Litigation
In the ordinary course of our business, we become involved in various claims and            management believes that the ultimate resolution of these claims and legal
legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. In particular,                 proceedings is unlikely to have a material and negative effect on our financial
because of the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are exposed to class              statements or operations. We believe that we have strong defences and we intend to
actions pursuant to which substantial monetary damages may be claimed. Due to               vigorously defend our positions.
the inherent risks and uncertainties of the litigation process, we cannot predict the
final outcome or timing of claims and legal proceedings. Subject to the foregoing,          For a description of important legal proceedings pending at March 3, 2022, please
and based on information currently available and management’s assessment of                 see the section entitled Legal proceedings contained in the BCE 2021 AIF.
the merits of the claims and legal proceedings pending at March 3, 2022,


96 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information


7        Selected annual and quarterly information
7.1 Annual financial information
The following table shows selected consolidated financial data of BCE for              as Bell Wireline business market equipment revenues, due to reduced commercial
2021, 2020 and 2019 based on the annual consolidated financial statements,             activity as a result of the government restrictions put in place to combat the
which are prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the International              pandemic, particularly in the first half of the year, and the global supply chain
Accounting Standards Board (IASB). We discuss the factors that caused our              challenges experienced in the second half of the year. See section 1, Overview –
results to vary over the past two years throughout this MD&A.                          COVID-19, in this MD&A for more details.
Our financial and operating performance saw a steady improvement in 2021               On June 1, 2020, BCE announced that it had entered into an agreement to sell
despite the continued adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic experienced             substantially all of its data centre operations in an all-cash transaction valued at
throughout the year, due to our strong operational execution and the easing of         $1.04 billion. We reclassified amounts related to the sale for the previous years to
government restrictions in the second half of the year. It has been almost two years   discontinued operations in our consolidated income statements and consolidated
since the pandemic began affecting our performance and we have since adapted           statements of cash flows to make them consistent with the presentation for 2020.
many aspects of our business to better operate in this environment. Additionally,      Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets that were sold were no longer
compared to 2020, the effects of the pandemic on our year-over-year performance        depreciated or amortized effective June 1, 2020. In Q4 2020, we completed the sale
were considerably reduced, with Q2 2020 being the quarter most significantly           for proceeds of $933 million (net of debt and other items) and recorded a gain on
affected by the pandemic. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, although               sale, net of taxes, of $211 million. The capital gain as a result of the sale was mainly
moderated, continued to unfavourably affect Bell Wireless product and roaming          offset by the recognition of previously unrecognized capital loss carry forwards.
revenues, Bell Media advertising revenues, as well


                                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 97
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information

                                                              2021       2020       2019

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS
Operating revenues
   Service                                                 20,350     19,832     20,566
   Product                                                  3,099      3,051      3,227
Total operating revenues                                   23,449     22,883     23,793
Operating costs                                            (13,556)   (13,276)   (13,787)
Adjusted EBITDA                                             9,893      9,607     10,006
Severance, acquisition and other costs                       (209)       (116)      (114)
Depreciation                                                (3,627)    (3,475)    (3,458)
Amortization                                                 (982)      (929)      (886)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                         (1,082)    (1,110)    (1,125)
   Interest on post-employment benefit obligations             (20)       (46)       (63)
Impairment of assets                                         (197)      (472)      (102)
Other income (expense)                                        160       (194)        95
Income taxes                                                (1,044)     (792)     (1,129)
Net earnings from continuing operations                     2,892      2,473      3,224
Net earnings from discontinued operations                        –       226         29
Net earnings                                                2,892      2,699      3,253
Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to:
   Common shareholders                                      2,709      2,272       3,011
   Preferred shareholders                                     131        136        151
   Non-controlling interest                                    52         65         62
Net earnings from continuing operations                     2,892      2,473      3,224
Net earnings attributable to:
   Common shareholders                                      2,709      2,498      3,040
   Preferred shareholders                                     131        136        151
   Non-controlling interest                                    52         65         62
Net earnings                                                2,892      2,699      3,253
Net earnings per common share – basic and diluted
   Continuing operations                                      2.99       2.51       3.34
   Discontinued operations                                       –       0.25       0.03
Net earnings per common share – basic and diluted             2.99       2.76       3.37
RATIOS
Adjusted EBITDA margin (%)                                    42.2%      42.0%      42.1%

98 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information

                                                                                                                                      2021           2020              2019

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                       28,235         27,513            27,636
Total assets                                                                                                                        66,764         60,665            60,146
Debt due within one year (including notes payable and loans secured by trade receivables)                                            2,625          2,417             3,881
Long-term debt                                                                                                                      27,048         23,906            22,415
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                                       34,710         31,065            28,961
Equity attributable to BCE shareholders                                                                                             22,635         20,989            21,074
Total equity                                                                                                                        22,941         21,329            21,408
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                 8,008          7,754             7,958
Cash flows used in investing activities                                                                                             (7,003)        (3,540)           (4,036)
    Capital expenditures                                                                                                            (4,837)        (4,202)           (3,974)
    Business acquisitions                                                                                                              (12)           (65)              (51)
    Cash from (used in) discontinued operations                                                                                          –           892                (18)
Cash flows used in financing activities                                                                                             (1,022)        (4,135)           (4,202)
    Issue of common shares                                                                                                            261             26               240
    Increase (decrease) in notes payable and bank advances                                                                            351          (1,641)           (1,073)
    (Decrease) increase in securitized trade receivables                                                                              (150)             –              131
    Issue of long-term debt                                                                                                          4,985          6,006             1,954
    Repayment of long-term debt                                                                                                     (2,751)        (5,003)           (2,221)
    Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                                                            (3,132)        (2,975)           (2,819)
    Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                           (125)          (132)             (147)
    Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest                                                                    (86)           (53)              (65)
Free cash flow                                                                                                                       2,995          3,348             3,738
SHARE INFORMATION
Weighted average number of common shares (millions)                                                                                  906.3          904.3             900.8
Common shares outstanding at end of year (millions)                                                                                  909.0          904.4             903.9
Market capitalization (1)                                                                                                           59,821         49,226            54,379
Dividends declared per common share (dollars)                                                                                         3.50           3.33              3.17
Dividends declared on common shares                                                                                                 (3,175)        (3,011)           (2,857)
Dividends declared on preferred shares                                                                                                (131)          (136)             (151)
Closing market price per common share (dollars)                                                                                      65.81          54.43             60.16
Total shareholder return                                                                                                              27.9%          (4.1%)            17.5%
RATIOS
Capital intensity (%)                                                                                                                 20.6%          18.4%             16.7%
Price to earnings ratio (times) (2)                                                                                                  22.01          19.72             17.85
OTHER DATA
Number of employees (thousands)                                                                                                        50             51                52

(1) BCE’s common share price at the end of the year multiplied by the number of common shares outstanding at the end of the year.
(2) Price to earnings ratio is defined as BCE’s common share price at the end of the year divided by EPS.

                                                                                                                                              BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 99
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information



7.2 Quarterly financial information
The following table shows selected BCE consolidated financial data by quarter for 2021 and 2020. This quarterly information is unaudited but has been prepared on the
same basis as the annual consolidated financial statements. We discuss the factors that caused our results to vary over the past eight quarters throughout this MD&A. Refer
to section 1, Overview – COVID-19, in this MD&A for a description of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial results during 2021 and 2020.
                                                                                     2021                                                       2020
                                                                       Q4           Q3           Q2               Q1          Q4               Q3                  Q2         Q1

Operating revenues
   Service                                                         5,243         5,099        5,040        4,968          5,090            4,924             4,800         5,018
   Product                                                           966          737          658           738          1,012              863               554          622
Total operating revenues                                           6,209         5,836        5,698        5,706          6,102            5,787             5,354         5,640
Adjusted EBITDA                                                    2,430         2,558        2,476        2,429          2,404            2,454             2,331         2,418
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                (63)         (50)          (7)          (89)           (52)             (26)                (22)       (16)
Depreciation                                                        (925)         (902)        (905)        (895)          (872)            (876)             (869)         (858)
Amortization                                                        (251)         (245)        (248)        (238)          (233)            (232)             (234)         (230)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                 (275)         (272)        (268)        (267)          (274)            (279)             (280)         (277)
   Interest on post-employment benefit obligations                     (5)          (5)          (5)              (5)        (11)             (12)                (11)       (12)
Impairment of assets                                                  (30)           –         (164)              (3)        (12)              (4)            (449)           (7)
Other income (expense)                                                26           35           91                8          (38)             (29)                (80)       (47)
Income taxes                                                        (249)         (306)        (236)        (253)          (191)            (262)                 (96)      (243)
Net earnings from continuing operations                              658          813          734           687            721              734               290          728
Net earnings from discontinued operations                               –            –            –               –         211                 6                  4           5
Net earnings                                                         658          813          734           687            932              740               294          733
Net earnings from continuing operations attributable
   to common shareholders                                            625          757          685           642            678              686               233          675
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders                     625          757          685           642            889              692               237          680
Net earnings per common share – basic and diluted
   Continuing operations                                            0.69          0.83         0.76         0.71            0.75            0.76              0.26          0.74
   Discontinued operations                                              –            –            –               –         0.23            0.01                   –        0.01
Net earnings per common share – basic and diluted                   0.69          0.83         0.76         0.71            0.98            0.77              0.26          0.75
Weighted average number of common shares
  outstanding – basic (millions)                                   908.8         906.9        905.0        904.5          904.4            904.3             904.3         904.1
OTHER INFORMATION
Cash flows from operating activities                               1,743         1,774        2,499        1,992          1,631            2,110             2,562         1,451
Free cash flow                                                       236          571         1,248          940             92            1,034             1,611           611
Capital expenditures                                               (1,459)      (1,159)      (1,207)      (1,012)         (1,494)          (1,031)            (900)         (777)



FOURTH QUARTER HIGHLIGHTS
OPERATING REVENUES                                                                                      Q4 2021               Q4 2020                  $ CHANGE          % CHANGE

Bell Wireless                                                                                            2,475                 2,408                        67             2.8%
Bell Wireline                                                                                            3,079                 3,095                       (16)            (0.5%)
Bell Media                                                                                                849                       791                     58             7.3%
Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                (194)                    (192)                     (2)           (1.0%)
Total BCE operating revenues                                                                             6,209                 6,102                       107             1.8%

ADJUSTED EBITDA                                                                                         Q4 2021               Q4 2020                  $ CHANGE          % CHANGE

Bell Wireless                                                                                             951                       903                     48             5.3%
Bell Wireline                                                                                            1,326                 1,312                        14             1.1%
Bell Media                                                                                                153                       189                    (36)           (19.0%)
Total BCE adjusted EBITDA                                                                                2,430                 2,404                        26             1.1%

100 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information

Total operating revenues at BCE increased by 1.8% in Q4 2021, compared to the         from the easing of COVID-19 travel restrictions also contributed to the increase in
same period last year, as we continued to recover from the impact of the              operating costs, offset in part by lower labour costs. Adjusted EBITDA margin of
COVID-19 pandemic. BCE service revenues of $5,243 million increased by 3.0%           38.4% in Q4 2021 increased by 0.9 pts, compared to the same period last year,
year over year, while product revenues of $966 million declined by 4.5% year over     primarily driven by the flow-through of the service revenue growth and a lower
year. The increase in operating revenues was driven by growth in our Bell Wireless    proportion of low-margin product sales in our total revenue base.
and Bell Media segments, offset in part by a decline in our Bell Wireline segment.
Wireless operating revenues increased by 2.8% in Q4 2021 compared to Q4 2020,         Bell Wireline operating revenues declined by 0.5% in Q4 2021, compared to the
due to higher service revenue of 6.3%, offset in part by lower product revenues of    same period last year, driven by lower product revenues. Service revenues
3.6%. Bell Media operating revenues increased by 7.3% in Q4 2021, compared to         remained stable year over year as the growth from the continued expansion of our
Q4 2020, driven by both higher advertising and subscriber revenues. Bell Wireline     retail Internet and IPTV subscriber bases, flow-through of residential rate increases,
operating revenues declined by 0.5% in Q4 2021, over the same period last year,       and higher business solution services sales, were largely offset by ongoing voice
due to lower product revenues of 10.5%, whereas service revenue remained stable       and legacy data erosion, declining satellite TV subscriber base, as well as higher
year over year.                                                                       acquisition, retention and bundle discounts on residential services. Product revenues
                                                                                      declined by 10.5% in Q4 2021, compared to Q4 2020, mainly due to lower sales in
BCE net earnings decreased by 29.4% in Q4 2021, compared to Q4 2020, mainly           our large business markets driven by global supply chain challenges due to the
due to lower net earnings from discontinued operations as a result of a gain on       COVID-19 pandemic.
sale, net of taxes, of $211 million in Q4 2020 from the completion of the sale of
substantially all of our data centre operations, higher depreciation and              Bell Wireline adjusted EBITDA increased by 1.1% in Q4 2021 compared to the
amortization, higher income taxes and higher impairment of assets, partly offset by   same period last year, from operating expense savings, moderated by lower year-
higher other income and higher adjusted EBITDA.                                       over-year operating revenues. The decrease in operating costs was mainly driven by
                                                                                      lower product cost of goods sold and payments to other carriers relating to the
BCE’s adjusted EBITDA grew by 1.1% in Q4 2021, compared to the same period            revenue decline, along with greater costs in 2020 attributable to the
last year, driven by growth in Bell Wireless of 5.3% and Bell Wireline of 1.1%,       COVID-19 pandemic, mainly employee redeployment costs, and purchase of PPE.
moderated by a decline in Bell Media of 19.0%. The growth in adjusted EBITDA          Adjusted EBITDA margin of 43.1% in Q4 2021 increased by 0.7 points over the
was driven by higher operating revenues, offset in part by greater operating costs.   same period in 2020, due to reduced operating costs, along with a decreased
Adjusted EBITDA margin of 39.1% in Q4 2021 decreased by 0.3 pts over Q4 2020,         proportion of low-margin product sales in our total revenue base.
due to higher operating costs, offset in part by greater service revenue
flow-through and reduced low-margin product sales in our total revenue base.          Bell Media operating revenues increased by 7.3% in Q4 2021, compared to the
                                                                                      same period last year, from higher advertising and subscriber revenues. This
Bell Wireless operating revenues increased by 2.8% in Q4 2021, compared to            includes growth in digital revenues of 36% in Q4 2021 compared to the same period
the same period last year, due to higher service revenues, offset in part by lower    last year. Advertising revenues increased by 11.8% in Q4 2021, compared to the
product revenues. Service revenues grew by 6.3% year over year, driven by the         same period in 2020, driven by growth in TV and OOH revenues, offset in part by a
continued growth in our mobile phone postpaid subscriber base, greater outbound       modest decline in radio advertising revenues. The growth in TV and OOH revenues
roaming revenues from higher international roaming due to the easing of               reflects the ongoing recovery from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, due to
COVID-19 travel restrictions, and the flow-through of rate increases, combined with   increased demand by advertisers and greater circulation and foot traffic, which
mix shift to higher-value monthly plans. This was moderated by lower data and         favourably impacted OOH. The radio market is experiencing a slower recovery from
voice overages, driven by greater customer adoption of monthly plans with higher      the effects of the pandemic. Specialty TV advertising revenues benefited from the
data and voice minutes thresholds. Product revenues declined by 3.6% year over        regular start to the sports season (return of CFL along with National Hockey League
year, due to lower contracted sales volumes driven by fewer customer device           (NHL) and NBA regular season starts) compared to delayed starts in 2020 due to the
upgrades and a greater mix of bring-your-own device customer activations due in       COVID-19 pandemic. Conventional TV also benefited from the return of a full
part to global supply chain challenges driven by the COVID-19 pandemic. The           fall 2021 programming schedule. Subscriber revenues increased by 1.9% in
decline in consumer electronic sales at The Source was similarly impacted by          Q4 2021, compared to the same period last year, primarily due to the continued
global supply chain challenges. These factors were moderated by a greater sales       growth in DTC subscribers from Crave.
mix of premium mobile phones, offset in part by greater discounting during the
holiday period.                                                                       Bell Media adjusted EBITDA decreased by 19.0% in Q4 2021, compared to the
                                                                                      same period last year, as the increase in operating costs exceeded the growth in
Bell Wireless adjusted EBITDA increased by 5.3% in Q4 2021, compared to the           revenues. Operating costs increased in Q4 2021, compared to Q4 2020, from
same period last year, due to higher operating revenues, partly offset by higher      greater programming and production costs related to higher sports rights and
operating costs. The increase in operating costs was mainly due to greater network    broadcasting costs due to the regular start of sports seasons along with a full
operating costs related to the ongoing deployment of our mobile 5G network,           fall 2021 TV programming schedule compared to delays and/or cancellations in
higher cost of goods sold due to the greater sales mix of premium mobile phones       Q4 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
and increased handset costs, moderated by lower contracted sales volumes.
Greater payments to other carriers associated with the increase in roaming
revenues


                                                                                                                                      BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 101
7 MD&A Selected annual and quarterly information

BCE capital expenditures of $1,459 million in Q4 2021 declined by 2.3% or                 BCE other income of $26 million in Q4 2021 increased by $64 million, year over
$35 million, compared to Q4 2020. This drove a capital intensity of 23.5% in the          year, mainly due to higher net mark-to-market gains on derivatives used to
quarter, down 1.0 pts over the same period last year. The year-over-year decline in       economically hedge equity settled share-based compensation plans partly offset by
spending was due to a significant ramp-up in construction activity in                     a loss on our equity investments related to BCE’s obligation to repurchase at fair
Q4 2020 following a slower pace of spending earlier in 2020 due to the                    value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint ventures.
COVID-19 pandemic. Wireless capital spending decreased by $118 million year
over year, mainly due to timing of spend as we continued to roll out our mobile 5G        BCE income taxes of $249 million in Q4 2021 increased by $58 million, compared
network in the quarter. Wireline capital investments increased by $80 million year        to Q4 2020, mainly as a result of a lower value of previously unrecognized tax
over year, from the ongoing deployment of our FTTP and fixed WTTP networks, as            benefits and higher taxable income.
well as greater investment in customer service digital enhancements.                      BCE net earnings attributable to common shareholders of $625 million in
BCE severance, acquisition and other costs of $63 million in                              Q4 2021, or $0.69 per share, were lower than the $889 million, or $0.98 per share,
Q4 2021 increased by $11 million, compared to Q4 2020, mainly due to higher               reported in Q4 2020. The year-over-year decrease was mainly due to lower net
severance costs related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations, partly        earnings from discontinued operations as a result of a gain on sale, net of taxes, of
offset by lower acquisition and other costs.                                              $211 million in Q4 2020 from the completion of the sale of substantially all of our
                                                                                          data centre operations, higher depreciation and amortization, higher income taxes
BCE depreciation of $925 million in Q4 2021 increased by $53 million, year over           and higher impairment of assets, partly offset by higher other income and higher
year, mainly due to accelerated depreciation of 4G network elements as we                 adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted net earnings decreased to $692 million in Q4 2021,
transition to 5G, and a higher asset base as we continued to invest in our                compared to $731 million in Q4 2020, and adjusted EPS decreased to $0.76, from
broadband and wireless networks as well as our IPTV services.                             $0.81 in Q4 2020.
BCE amortization of $251 million in Q4 2021 increased by $18 million, year over           BCE cash flows from operating activities was $1,743 million in
year, mainly due to a higher asset base.                                                  Q4 2021 compared to $1,631 million in Q4 2020. The increase is mainly attributed to
                                                                                          lower income taxes paid due to timing as well as lower interest paid and higher
BCE interest expense of $275 million in Q4 2021 increased by $1 million,                  adjusted EBITDA, partly offset by higher severance and other costs paid.
compared to Q4 2020, mainly due to higher average debt levels, partly offset by
lower interest rates.                                                                     BCE free cash flow generated in Q4 2021 was $236 million, compared to
                                                                                          $92 million in Q4 2020. The increase was mainly attributable to higher cash flows
                                                                                          from operating activities, excluding cash from discontinued operations and
                                                                                          acquisition and other costs paid, and lower capital expenditures.



SEASONALITY CONSIDERATIONS
Some of our segments’ revenues and expenses vary slightly by season, which                seasonal sequential declines in the fourth and first quarters. However, this seasonal
may impact quarter-to-quarter financial results. The nature of the                        effect on ARPU has moderated, as unlimited voice and data options have become
COVID-19 pandemic has had significant impacts on our business. Due to                     more prevalent, resulting in less variability in chargeable data usage.
uncertainties relating to the severity and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and
possible resurgences in the number of COVID-19 cases, including as a result of            Bell Wireline revenue tends to be higher in the fourth quarter because of historically
the potential emergence of other variants, and various potential outcomes, it is          higher data and equipment product sales to business customers. However, this may
difficult at this time to estimate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our            vary from year to year depending on the strength of the economy and the presence
business or future financial results. Therefore, the typical seasonal variations          of targeted sales initiatives, which can influence customer spending. Home Phone,
described below may not fully reflect the trends experienced during the                   TV and Internet subscriber activity is subject to modest seasonal fluctuations,
COVID-19 pandemic and more recent supply chain disruptions, which affected and            attributable largely to residential moves during the summer months and the
continue to affect customer behaviour and spending, as well as the way we                 back-to-school period in the third quarter. Targeted marketing efforts conducted
operate our business. Accordingly, it is difficult at this time to estimate the impacts   during various times of the year to coincide with special events or broad-based
of the COVID-19 pandemic on the seasonality trends that normally characterize             marketing campaigns also may have an impact on overall wireline operating results.
our business.                                                                             Bell Media revenue and related expenses from TV and radio broadcasting are
Bell Wireless operating results are influenced by the timing of new mobile device         largely derived from the sale of advertising, the demand for which is affected by
launches and seasonal promotional periods, such as back-to-school, Black Friday           prevailing economic conditions as well as cyclical and seasonal variations. Seasonal
and the Christmas holiday period, as well as the level of overall competitive             variations are driven by the strength of TV ratings, particularly during the fall
intensity. Because of these seasonal effects, subscriber additions and retention          programming season, major sports league seasons and other special sporting
costs due to device upgrades related to contract renewals are typically higher in         events such as the Olympic Games, NHL and NBA playoffs and World Cup soccer,
the third and fourth quarters. For ARPU, historically we have experienced seasonal        as well as fluctuations in consumer retail activity during the year.
sequential increases in the second and third quarters, due to higher levels of
usage and roaming in the spring and summer months, followed by historical


102 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
8 MD&A Regulatory environment


8 Regulatory environment
8.1 Introduction
This section describes certain legislation that governs our business and provides          operator (MVNO) access service. Lower mandated wholesale rates or the imposition
highlights of recent regulatory initiatives and proceedings, government                    of unfavourable terms for mandated services could undermine our incentives to
consultations and government positions that affect us, influence our business and          invest in network improvements and extensions, limit our flexibility, influence the
may continue to affect our ability to compete in the marketplace. Bell Canada and          market structure, improve the business position of our competitors, limit network-
several of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Bell Mobility, Bell ExpressVu   based differentiation of our services and negatively impact the financial performance
Limited Partnership (ExpressVu), Bell Media, NorthernTel, Limited Partnership              of our businesses. Our TV distribution and our TV and radio broadcasting
(NorthernTel), Télébec, Limited Partnership (Télébec) and Northwestel, are                 businesses are subject to the Broadcasting Act and are, for the most part, not
governed by the Telecommunications Act, the Broadcasting Act, the                          subject to retail price regulation.
Radiocommunication Act and/or the Bell Canada Act. Our business is affected by
regulations, policies and decisions made by various regulatory agencies, including         Although most of our retail services are not price-regulated, government agencies
the CRTC, a quasi-judicial agency of the Government of Canada responsible for              and departments such as the CRTC, ISED, Canadian Heritage and the Competition
regulating Canada’s telecommunications and broadcasting industries, and other              Bureau continue to play a significant role in regulatory matters such as mandatory
federal government departments, in particular ISED and the Competition Bureau.             access to networks, spectrum auctions, the imposition of consumer-related codes of
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, additional legislation or regulations,               conduct, approval of acquisitions, broadcast and spectrum licensing, foreign
regulatory initiatives or proceedings, or government consultations or positions, may       ownership requirements, and control of copyright piracy. Adverse decisions by
be adopted or instituted, as the case may be, that impose additional constraints on        governments or regulatory agencies, increasing regulation or a lack of effective anti-
our operations and may adversely impact our ability to compete in the                      piracy remedies could have negative financial, operational, reputational or
marketplace.                                                                               competitive consequences for our business.

In particular, the CRTC regulates the prices we can charge for retail                      REVIEW OF KEY LEGISLATION
telecommunications services when it determines there is not enough competition
to protect the interests of consumers. The CRTC has determined that competition            On February 2, 2022, the Government of Canada tabled Bill C-11, the Online
is sufficient to grant forbearance from retail price regulation under the                  Streaming Act. Key among the proposed amendments to the Broadcasting Act is
Telecommunications Act for the vast majority of our retail wireline and wireless           that both foreign and domestic online broadcasting undertakings doing business in
telecommunications services. The CRTC can also mandate the provision of access             Canada could be required to contribute to the Canadian broadcasting system in a
by competitors to our wireline and wireless networks and the rates we can charge           manner that the CRTC deems appropriate. If enacted, the specifics of such
them. Notably, it currently mandates wholesale high-speed access for wireline              contribution will be determined through the CRTC’s public consultation processes
broadband as well as domestic wireless roaming services and is implementing a              and enforced by way of conditions imposed by the CRTC. The impact, if any, of the
wholesale facilities-based mobile virtual network                                          proposed amendments to the Broadcasting Act on our business and financial results
                                                                                           is unclear at this time.




8.2 Telecommunications Act
The Telecommunications Act governs telecommunications in Canada. It defines                REVIEW OF MOBILE WIRELESS SERVICES
the broad objectives of Canada’s telecommunications policy and provides the
Government of Canada with the power to give general direction to the CRTC on               On February 28, 2019, the CRTC launched its planned review of the regulatory
any of its policy objectives. It applies to several of the BCE group of companies          framework for mobile wireless services. The main issues in the CRTC’s consultation
and partnerships, including Bell Canada, Bell Mobility, NorthernTel, Télébec and           included (i) competition in the retail market; (ii) the current wholesale mobile wireless
Northwestel.                                                                               service regulatory framework, with a focus on wholesale MVNO access; and (iii) the
                                                                                           future of mobile wireless services in Canada, with a focus on reducing barriers to
Under the Telecommunications Act, all facilities-based telecommunications service          infrastructure deployment. On April 15, 2021, the CRTC released its decision, which
providers in Canada, known as telecommunications common carriers (TCCs),                   requires Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications Canada Inc., Telus
must seek regulatory approval for all telecommunications services, unless the              Communications Inc. (Telus) and Saskatchewan Telecommunications (SaskTel) to
services are exempt or forborne from regulation. Most retail services offered by the       provide MVNO access to their networks to regional wireless carriers to allow them to
BCE group of companies are forborne from retail regulation. The CRTC may                   operate as MVNOs in ISED Tier 4 spectrum licence areas where they own spectrum.
exempt an entire class of carriers from regulation under the Telecommunications            The terms and conditions for MVNO access will be established in tariffs to be
Act if the exemption meets the objectives of Canada’s telecommunications policy.           approved by the CRTC. The rate for MVNO access will not be subject to the CRTC
In addition, a few large TCCs, including those in the BCE group, must also meet            tariff regime but instead is to be commercially negotiated between the parties with
certain Canadian ownership requirements. BCE monitors and periodically reports             final offer arbitration by the CRTC as a recourse if negotiations fail. The CRTC
on the level of non-Canadian ownership of its common shares.                               indicated that the mandated access service is intended to be a temporary

                                                                                                                                             BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 103
8 MD&A Regulatory environment

measure and will, in the absence of certain implementation delays, be phased out           CNOC’s APPLICATION ON RETAIL
seven years from the date tariffed terms and conditions are finalized. In the              FTTP BROADBAND SERVICES
decision, the CRTC has also required Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications
Canada Inc. and Telus to provide seamless handoffs as part of the CRTC’s existing          On January 8, 2021, Canadian Network Operators Consortium Inc. (CNOC) filed an
mandated domestic roaming service and has confirmed that its mandatory roaming             application with the CRTC asking for an order mandating Bell Canada and other
obligations apply to 5G. On July 14, 2021, Bell Mobility, Rogers Communications            large providers to sell retail FTTP broadband services to ISPs, at a mandated
Canada Inc., Telus, and SaskTel filed proposed tariff terms and conditions for the         discount off the retail price. ISPs would then resell these services under their own
mandated MVNO access service and Bell Mobility, Rogers and Telus filed                     brands. CNOC proposed that this mandated access to retail FTTP services would
proposed amendments to their mandated roaming tariffs to reflect the CRTC’s                last until the CRTC completes its reviews of all current and near-term proceedings
determinations. The CRTC’s review process for the proposed tariffs and                     related to wholesale high-speed services. The implementation of CNOC’s proposal
amendments is ongoing. It is unclear what impact, if any, the measures set out in          would undermine the incentives for facilities-based digital infrastructure providers to
this decision could have on our business and financial results, and our ability to         invest in next-generation wireline networks, particularly in smaller communities and
make investments at the same levels as we have in the past. Further to the release         rural areas, as well as improve the business position of our competitors and
of the CRTC’s decision, a petition was brought by DOT Mobile before Cabinet to             adversely impact our financial results.
eliminate eligibility requirements for mandated MVNO access and establish tariffed
rates for the service.                                                                     REVIEW OF WHOLESALE FTTN HIGH-SPEED
                                                                                           ACCESS SERVICE RATES
MANDATED DISAGGREGATED WHOLESALE
ACCESS TO FTTP NETWORKS                                                                    As part of its ongoing review of wholesale Internet rates, on October 6, 2016, the
                                                                                           CRTC significantly reduced, on an interim basis, some of the wholesale rates that
On July 22, 2015, in Telecom Regulatory Policy CRTC 2015-326, the CRTC                     Bell Canada and other major providers charge for access by third-party Internet
mandated the introduction of a new disaggregated wholesale high-speed access               resellers to FTTN or cable networks, as applicable. On August 15, 2019, the CRTC
service, including over FTTP facilities. The first stage of its implementation took        further reduced the wholesale rates that Internet resellers pay to access network
place only in Ontario and Québec. This adverse regulatory decision may impact              infrastructure built by facilities-based providers like Bell Canada, with retroactive
the specific nature, magnitude, location and timing of our future FTTP investment          effect back to March 2016.
decisions. In particular, the introduction by the CRTC of mandated wholesale
services over FTTP undermines the incentives for facilities-based digital                  The August 2019 decision was stayed, first by the Federal Court of Appeal and then
infrastructure providers to invest in next-generation wireline networks, particularly      by the CRTC, with the result that it never came into effect. In response to review and
in smaller communities and rural areas.                                                    vary applications filed by each of Bell Canada, five major cable carriers (Cogeco
                                                                                           Communications Inc., Bragg Communications Inc. (Eastlink), Rogers
On August 29, 2017, in Telecom Order CRTC 2017-312, the CRTC set interim                   Communications Inc., Shaw Communications Inc. and Vidéotron Ltée) and Telus
rates for the new disaggregated wholesale high-speed access service. The final             Communications Inc., the CRTC issued Decision 2021-182 on May 27, 2021, which
rates remain to be determined. On June 11, 2020, the CRTC launched a new                   mostly reinstated the rates prevailing prior to August 2019 with some reductions to
proceeding (refer to section B. III.2.5 Review of network configuration for                the Bell Canada rates with retroactive effect to March 2016. As a result, in the
disaggregated wholesale access below) to reconsider the network configuration of           second quarter of 2021, we recorded a reduction in revenue of $44 million in our
the disaggregated wholesale high-speed access service it mandated in 2015 and              consolidated income statements.
suspended the finalization of the interim rates and terms of tariff that were set
in 2017 until further notice. The mandating of final rates that are materially different   While there remains a requirement to refund monies to third-party Internet resellers,
from the rates we proposed could further impact our investment strategy, improve           the establishment of final wholesale rates that are similar to those prevailing
the business position of our competitors and adversely impact our financial results.       since 2019 reduces the impact of the CRTC’s long-running review of wholesale
                                                                                           Internet rates and ensures a better climate for much-needed investment in advanced
                                                                                           networks. The decision is being challenged by at least one reseller, TekSavvy
                                                                                           Solutions Inc. (TekSavvy), before the Federal Court of Appeal, where TekSavvy
                                                                                           obtained leave to appeal the decision, and in three petitions brought by TekSavvy,
                                                                                           Competitive Network Operators of Canada (CNOC) and National Capital Freenet
                                                                                           before Cabinet to overturn the decision.


104 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
8 MD&A Regulatory environment


REVIEW OF NETWORK CONFIGURATION                                                             CRTC REVIEW OF ACCESS TO POLES
FOR DISAGGREGATED WHOLESALE ACCESS                                                          On October 30, 2020, the CRTC launched a proceeding to request comments on
On June 11, 2020, the CRTC launched a proceeding to reconsider the network                  potential regulatory measures to make access to poles owned by TCCs, such as Bell
configuration of the disaggregated wholesale high-speed access service mandated             Canada, more efficient. As part of this proceeding, the CRTC requested comments
of Bell Canada and large cable carriers. The consultation aims to adopt a model             on whether there should be maximum time limits for the completion of make ready
applicable to wholesale providers across the country. It may also result in the             work (i.e. work that is required in certain instances to be carried out on a pole prior to
adoption of a different level of disaggregation for Bell Canada than had been               network deployment activities to either add capacity or ensure it can safely
mandated in 2015 as discussed under Mandated disaggregated wholesale access                 accommodate the deployment activities); whether all occupants of a pole should be
to FTTP networks above. The launch of this new consultation has suspended the               responsible for the costs associated with pole maintenance and make-ready work;
finalization of the rates of Bell Canada’s existing disaggregated high-speed access         whether there should be a limit on the amount of time for which a pole owner can
service, which will remain at their current interim level until further notice. Revisions   reserve spare capacity on a pole; and whether the CRTC can and should take steps
that facilitate reseller access to disaggregated wholesale access and/or the                to improve access to electric utility poles, having regard to the limit of its jurisdiction.
mandating of final rates that are materially different from the rates Bell Canada has       We have implemented improvements to our pole access procedures and requested
proposed could undermine the incentives for facilities-based digital infrastructure         CRTC approval for the implementation of a “one touch make ready” process, starting
providers to invest in next-generation wireline networks, improve the business              with a trial in Québec. This proceeding may result in other modifications to the
position of resellers of high-speed access services and adversely impact our                current regulatory process for access to poles. At this time, it is unclear what impact,
financial results.                                                                          if any, the results of the proceeding could have on our business and financial results.

REVIEW OF THE APPROACH TO RATE                                                              CANADA’S TELECOMMUNICATIONS
SETTING FOR WHOLESALE                                                                       FOREIGN OWNERSHIP RULES
TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES                                                                 Under the Telecommunications Act, there are no foreign investment restrictions
                                                                                            applicable to TCCs that have less than a 10% share of the total Canadian
On April 24, 2020, the CRTC launched a proceeding to reconsider the current
                                                                                            telecommunications market as measured by annual revenues. However, foreign
approach used by the CRTC to set rates for mandated wholesale
                                                                                            investment in telecommunications companies can still be refused by the government
telecommunications services. The proceeding aims to consider the most
                                                                                            under the Investment Canada Act. The absence of foreign ownership restrictions on
appropriate methodology for ensuring that such rates are just and reasonable and
                                                                                            such small or new entrant TCCs could result in more foreign companies entering the
are established in an efficient manner. This may result in the adoption of a new
                                                                                            Canadian market, including by acquiring spectrum licences or Canadian TCCs.
costing approach that substantially differs from the current Phase II costing
methodology. Phase II is a prospective incremental costing methodology currently
used by the CRTC to determine rates for regulated wholesale services. If the
current Phase II costing methodology is revised or replaced, the impact of such
changes may result in more efficient and transparent rate setting, or it may result in
a rate-setting process that favours resellers and undermines incentives for
facilities-based investment. At this time, it is unclear what impact, if any, the results
of the proceeding could have on our business and financial results.




8.3 Broadcasting Act
The Broadcasting Act outlines the broad objectives of Canada’s broadcasting                 A corporation must also meet certain Canadian ownership and control requirements
policy and assigns the regulation and supervision of the broadcasting system to             to obtain a broadcasting or broadcasting distribution licence, and corporations must
the CRTC. Key policy objectives of the Broadcasting Act are to protect and                  have the CRTC’s approval before they can transfer effective control of a
strengthen the cultural, political, social and economic fabric of Canada and to             broadcasting licensee.
encourage the development of Canadian expression.
                                                                                            Our TV distribution operations and our TV and radio broadcasting operations are
Most broadcasting activities require a programming or broadcasting distribution             subject to the requirements of the Broadcasting Act, the policies and decisions of the
licence from the CRTC. The CRTC may exempt broadcasting undertakings from                   CRTC and their respective broadcasting licences. Any changes in the Broadcasting
complying with certain licensing and regulatory requirements if it is satisfied that        Act, amendments to regulations or the adoption of new ones, or amendments to
non-compliance will not materially affect the implementation of Canadian                    licences, could negatively affect our competitive position or the cost of providing
broadcasting policy.                                                                        services.


                                                                                                                                                BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 105
8 MD&A Regulatory environment



8.4 Radiocommunication Act
ISED regulates the use of radio spectrum under the Radiocommunication Act to               CONSULTATION ON 3800 MHZ SPECTRUM
ensure that radiocommunication in Canada is developed and operated efficiently.            LICENSING FRAMEWORK
All companies wishing to operate a wireless system in Canada must hold a
spectrum licence to do so. Under the Radiocommunication Regulations,                       On December 17, 2021, ISED initiated a consultation seeking input regarding a
companies that are eligible for radio licences, such as Bell Canada and Bell               technical, policy and licensing framework to govern the auction and use of spectrum
Mobility, must meet the same ownership requirements that apply to companies                licences in the 3800 MHz band. The consultation paper seeks comments on the use
under the Telecommunications Act.                                                          of a spectrum set-aside for certain auction bidders, a cross-band spectrum cap (with
                                                                                           the 3500 MHz band), or a combination of both. ISED proposes that the auctioned
3500 MHZ SPECTRUM AUCTION                                                                  licences will have a 20-year term and that there will be limits on the transferability of
                                                                                           licences for the first five years of the licence term. In addition, ISED proposes that
On July 29, 2021, provisional spectrum licence winners in the 3500 MHz spectrum            licensees will be required to provide network coverage to a certain percentage of the
auction were announced by ISED. Bell Mobility secured the right to acquire                 population in each licence area at 5, 7, 10 and 20 years following licence issuance.
271 licences in a number of urban and rural markets for 678 million MHz-Pop                ISED has not yet indicated a specific date when the auction will take place. It is
of 3500 MHz spectrum for $2.07 billion. On August 13, 2021, Bell Mobility made             unclear what impact the results of this consultation and future related processes
the required deposit of $415 million to ISED. On November 18, 2021, ISED                   could have on our business and financial results.
released a Decision on Amendments to SRSP-520, Technical Requirement for
Fixed and/or Mobile Systems, Including Flexible Use Broadband Systems, in the              DECISION ON RELEASING MILLIMETRE
Band 3450–3650 MHz, in which it amended the technical specifications for use
of 3500 MHz spectrum, primarily around major airports. The amended technical               WAVE SPECTRUM TO SUPPORT 5G
specifications will constrain the ability of 3500 MHz licensees to use this spectrum       On June 5, 2019, ISED issued its Decision on Releasing Millimetre Wave Spectrum
band around major airports and under certain conditions while ISED conducts                to Support 5G. In this decision, ISED announced that spectrum in the 26 gigahertz
additional research on the issue. It is unknown at this time how long such                 (GHz), 28 GHz, and 37-40 GHz bands will transition from satellite use to flexible use
constraints will remain in effect. On December 17, 2021, Bell Mobility made the            (i.e., mobile or fixed use). ISED will designate the 64-71 GHz band for licence-
final auction payment for the 3500 MHz spectrum licences acquired in the                   exempt operations on a no-interference, no-protection basis. ISED indicated that it
auction and its spectrum licences were awarded by ISED on the same date.                   will establish the details and specific rules through one or more future consultations.
                                                                                           It is unclear what impact the results of this decision and future related processes
                                                                                           could have on our business and financial results.




8.5 Bell Canada Act
Among other things, the Bell Canada Act limits how Bell Canada voting shares and Bell Canada facilities may be sold or transferred. Specifically, under the Bell Canada Act,
the CRTC must approve any sale or other disposal of Bell Canada voting shares that are held by BCE, unless the sale or disposal would result in BCE retaining at least 80%
of all of the issued and outstanding voting shares of Bell Canada. Except in the ordinary course of business, the sale or other disposal of facilities integral to Bell Canada’s
telecommunications activities must also receive CRTC approval.



8.6 Other
REVIEW OF THE CRTC’S REGULATORY FRAMEWORK FOR NORTHWESTEL
On November 2, 2020, the CRTC launched a proceeding to review the regulatory framework for Northwestel and the state of telecommunications services in Canada’s
North. This proceeding may result in modifications to the current regulatory framework for Northwestel, including with respect to issues such as rates, wholesale access and
subsidies. Modifications to the current regulatory framework may result in additional subsidies and rate flexibility for Northwestel, which would encourage investment, or they
may result in rate restrictions or additional wholesale obligations, which would undermine incentives for investment in the North. At this time, it is unclear what impact, if any,
the results of the proceeding could have on our business and financial results.
106 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks


9 Business risks
A risk is the possibility that an event might happen in the future that could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results
or reputation. The actual effect of any event could be materially different from what we currently anticipate. The risks described in this MD&A are not the only
ones that could affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation.
This section describes the principal business risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or
reputation, and cause actual results or events to differ materially from our expectations expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. Certain of
these principal business risks have already been discussed in other sections of this MD&A, and we refer the reader to those sections for a discussion of such
risks. All of the risk discussions set out in the sections referred to in the table below, as well as the risk discussion relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and
general economic conditions set out in Section 3.3, Principal business risks, are incorporated by reference in this section 9.

RISKS DISCUSSED IN OTHER
SECTIONS OF THIS MD&A                                        SECTION REFERENCES
 Competitive environment                                     Section 3.3, Principal business risks
                                                             Section 5, Business segment analysis (Competitive landscape and industry trends section for each segment)

 Regulatory environment                                      Section 3.3, Principal business risks
                                                             Section 8, Regulatory environment

 Security management and data governance                     Section 3.3, Principal business risks
 Risks specifically relating to our Bell Wireless,           Section 5, Business segment analysis (Principal business risks section for each segment)
 Bell Wireline and Bell Media segments


The other principal business risks that could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation are discussed
below.



TECHNOLOGY/INFRASTRUCTURE TRANSFORMATION
The evolution and transformation of our networks, systems and operations                     consolidation, virtualization and automation to achieve our objectives of becoming
using next-generation technologies, while lowering our cost structure, are                   more agile in our service delivery and operations, as well as providing omni-channel
essential to effective competition and customer experience                                   capabilities for our customers. Our evolution activities also focus on building next-
                                                                                             generation converged wireline and wireless networks, to enable competitive quality
Globalization, increased competition and ongoing technological advances are                  and customer experience at a competitive cost structure amid rapidly growing
driving customer expectations for faster market responses, improved customer                 capacity requirements. Alignment across technology platforms, product and service
service, enhanced user experiences and cost-effective delivery. Meeting these                development and operations is increasingly critical to ensure appropriate trade-offs
expectations requires the deployment of new service and product technologies                 and optimization of capital allocation. Failure to continue to transform our operations
along with customer service tools that are network-neutral and based on a more               to enable a truly customer-centric service experience may hinder our ability to build
collaborative and integrated development environment. The availability of improved           customers’ trust in our innovation and technological capabilities and to compete on
networks and software technologies further provides the foundation for better                footprint, service experience and cost structure. All of the above could have an
and faster connections, which have in turn led to a significant growth in IoT                adverse impact on our business, financial results and reputation.
applications. Change can be difficult and may present unforeseen obstacles that
might impact successful execution, and this transition is made more challenging by           Customer retention and new customer acquisitions may be hindered during the
the complexity of our multi-product environment, combined with the complexity of             migration process resulting from our transformation activities if it causes poor service
our network and IT infrastructure. The failure to accurately assess the potential of         performance, which in turn may adversely affect the ability to achieve our operational
new technologies, or to invest and evolve in the appropriate direction in an                 and financial objectives. Failure to maximize adaptable infrastructures, processes
environment of changing business models, could have an adverse impact on our                 and technologies to quickly and efficiently respond to evolving customer patterns
business and financial results.                                                              and behaviours and to leverage IP across all facets of our network and product and
                                                                                             service portfolio could inhibit a fully customer-centric approach. It could reduce our
In particular, our network and IT evolution activities seek to use new as well as            ability to provide comprehensive self-serve convenience, real-time provisioning, cost
evolving and developing technologies, including network functions virtualization,            savings and flexibility in delivery and consumption, leading to negative business and
software-defined networks, cloud technologies, multi-edge computing, open source             financial outcomes.
software, AI and machine learning. They further seek to transform our network and
systems through


                                                                                                                                                  BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 107
9 MD&A Business risks

In parallel to our focus on next-generation investments, adverse regulatory or court      • Suboptimal capital deployment in network build, infrastructure and process
decisions may impact the specific nature, magnitude, location and timing of                 upgrades, and customer service improvements, could hinder our ability to
investment decisions. In particular, the lowering of rates by the CRTC of mandated          compete effectively
wholesale services over FTTP, the imposition of unfavourable terms or the
                                                                                          • The successful deployment of WTTP and 5G mobile services could be impacted
adoption of unfavourable rates in arbitration processes associated with the
                                                                                            by various factors affecting coverage and costs
facilities-based MVNO access service the CRTC is implementing, the potential for
additional mandated access to our networks, or the imposition of broader                  • Higher demand for faster Internet speed and capacity, coupled with governmental
wholesale obligations on wireless networks would undermine the incentives for               policies and initiatives, creates tensions around FTTP and WTTP deployment in
facilities-based digital infrastructure providers to invest in next-generation wireline     terms of geographic preference and pace of rollout
and wireless networks. Failure to continue investment in next-generation
                                                                                          • The increasing dependence on applications for content delivery, sales, customer
capabilities in a disciplined and strategic manner could limit our ability to compete
                                                                                            engagement and service experience drives the need for new and scarce
effectively and achieve desired business and financial results.
                                                                                            capabilities (sourced internally or externally), that may not be available, as well as
Other examples of risks affecting the achievement                   of   our   desired      the need for associated operating processes integrated into ongoing operations
technology/infrastructure transformation include the following:                           • New products, services or applications could reduce demand for our existing,
• The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may bring about further incremental costs,                  more profitable service offerings or cause prices for those services to decline, and
  delays, unavailability of equipment and materials or inability to access customer         could result in a shorter lifecycle for existing or developing technologies, which
  premises, as well as unavailability of our employees, or those of our suppliers or        could increase depreciation and amortization expense
  contractors, due to government actions, illness, quarantines, absenteeism,              • As content consumption habits evolve and viewing options increase, our ability to
  workforce reduction initiatives, or other restrictive measures, which may impact          aggregate and distribute relevant content and our ability to develop alternative
  our ability to expand our networks or to start, advance or complete both currently        delivery vehicles to compete in new markets and increase customer engagement
  planned network deployment projects and other projects                                    and revenue streams may be hindered by the significant software development
• The operational adaptation to the COVID-19 pandemic and the new flexible work             and network investment required
  models we and other stakeholders are implementing require a cultural shift and          • Successfully managing the development and deployment of relevant product
  may bring potential volatility, which could impact transformation activities              solutions on a timely basis to match the speed of adoption of IoT in the areas of
• We, and other telecommunications carriers upon which we rely to provide                   retail, business and government could be challenging
  services, must be able to purchase high-quality, reputable network equipment            • Customers continue to expect improvements in customer service, new functions
  and services from third-party suppliers on a timely basis and at a reasonable             and features, and reductions in the price charged to provide those services. Our
  cost                                                                                      ability to provide such improvements increasingly relies upon using a number of
• Network construction and deployment on municipal or private property requires             rapidly evolving technologies, including AI, machine learning, and “big data”.
  the issuance of municipal or property owner consents, respectively, for the               However, the use of such technologies is being increasingly scrutinized by
  installation of network equipment, which could increase the cost of, and cause            legislators and regulators. If we cannot build market-leading competencies in the
  delays in, fibre and wireless rollouts                                                    use of these emerging technologies in a way that respects societal values, we
                                                                                            may not be able to continue to meet changing customer expectations and to
                                                                                            continue to grow our business.



CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
Driving a positive customer experience in all aspects of our engagement with              large customer base and a workforce that continuously requires to be trained,
customers is important to avoid brand degradation and other adverse                       monitored and replaced, may limit our ability to respond quickly to market changes
impacts on our business and financial performance                                         and reduce costs, and may lead to customer confusion or billing, service or other
                                                                                          errors, which could adversely affect customer satisfaction, acquisition and retention.
As the bar continues to be raised by customers’ evolving expectations of service          These challenges may be exacerbated as services become more complex. Media
and value, failure to get ahead of such expectations and build a more robust and          attention to customer complaints could also erode our brand and reputation and
consistent service experience at a fair value proposition could hinder product and        adversely affect customer acquisition and retention. In addition, the ongoing
service differentiation and customer loyalty. The foundation of effective customer        COVID-19 pandemic may bring about the unavailability of certain employees, or
service is our ability to deliver high-quality, consistent and simple solutions to        those of our suppliers or contractors, due to government actions, illness,
customers in an expeditious manner and on mutually agreeable terms. However,              quarantines, absenteeism or workforce reduction initiatives, which could negatively
complexity in our operations resulting from multiple technology platforms, ordering       impact the rapidity of our response to customer demands and the overall customer
and billing systems, sales channels, marketing databases and a myriad of rate             experience.
plans, promotions and product offerings, in the context of a


108 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks

With the proliferation of connectivity services, apps and devices, customers are        using new technologies such as AI and machine learning, in parallel with our
accustomed to doing things when, how and where they want through websites,              network evolution, could also adversely affect our business, financial results,
self-serve options, web chat, call centres and social media forums. These               reputation and brand value.
customer demands have intensified in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and
the resulting shift to online transactions amid store closures. Understanding the       Customers’ perception of our products, services, brand and corporate image is also
customer relationship as a whole in a multi-product environment and delivering a        important. Failure to positively influence customer perceptions through effective
simple, seamless experience at a fair price is increasingly central to an evolving      communication, including through our use of social media and other communication
competitive dynamic. While we introduced new services and tools, including self-        media or otherwise, could adversely affect our business, financial results, reputation
managed solutions, designed to accelerate our customer experience evolution, we         and brand value. In addition, customers increasingly factor broader considerations
are unable to predict whether such services and tools will be sufficient to meet        into purchase decisions and look for alignment of personal values with corporate
customer expectations. Failure to develop true omni-channel capabilities and            behaviour. Embracing topics that matter to the stakeholder value proposition, such
improve our customer experience by digitizing and developing a consistent, fast         as increasing our focus on ESG subjects and on the reporting of same, adds an
and on-demand end-to-end experience before, during and after sales                      important layer to the customer perception of our company and thus to the overall
                                                                                        customer experience.



PEOPLE
Our people are central to our success and attracting, developing and                    increasingly important elements of corporate culture and embracing them reinforces
retaining a diverse and talented team capable of furthering our strategic               our value proposition to drive employee attraction and retention. Failure to
imperatives is essential to driving a winning culture and outstanding                   sufficiently address evolving employee expectations related to our culture and value
performance                                                                             proposition could also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain team
                                                                                        members.
Our business depends on the efforts, engagement and expertise of our
management and non-management employees and contractors, who must be able               The COVID-19 pandemic introduced new, and amplified existing, people-related
to operate efficiently and safely based on their responsibilities and the environment   risks. From the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, we prioritized the health and
in which they are functioning. Demand for highly skilled team members has               safety of our team, including implementing strict sanitation and safety procedures,
recently intensified, as retiring workers, limited immigration and an increase in       accelerated remote work arrangements, and providing enhanced access to
remote-work arrangements allowing more global competition have created an even          workplace mental health services. In September 2021, anticipating our eventual
more competitive marketplace. This emphasizes the importance of developing and          return to the office, we introduced the Bell Workways program to help team
maintaining a comprehensive and inclusive human resources strategy and                  members and leaders in managing work, family and other commitments by offering a
employee value proposition to adequately compete for talent and to identify and         new approach for our workplace that allows flexibility for team members on how and
secure high-performing candidates for a broad range of job functions, roles and         where they work, depending on their new designated role-based work profiles
responsibilities. Failure to appropriately train, motivate, remunerate or deploy        (remote, mobile or full-time office). We must nonetheless continue to manage health
employees on initiatives that further our strategic imperatives, or to efficiently      and safety concerns related to the COVID-19 pandemic in relation to our regular
replace retiring employees, could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract      daily activities, and a prolongation of the COVID-19 pandemic could necessitate a
and retain talent and drive performance across the organization. Labour shortages       delayed or more gradual return to the office. A further extended period of full-time
could negatively affect our ability to implement our strategic priorities, as well as   remote work arrangements for those currently working from home could strain our
sell our products and services and more generally serve our customers.                  business continuity plans and introduce additional operational risks or exacerbate
                                                                                        our exposure to existing ones. Potential social or mental fatigue from adjusting to
Establishing a culture that drives inclusivity, employee engagement, development        prolonged full-time remote work arrangements could further impact productivity,
and progression is essential to attract and retain talent. In addition, employees are   work/life balance and employees’ mental health. In addition, should we fail to
typically more engaged at work when their value system aligns with their                establish an optimal post-pandemic work arrangement or develop new leadership
employer’s corporate values. Team members and organizations that share values           skills necessary in the context of a new hybrid model, this could impair our ability to
also share a bigger purpose, and this match is critical to creating a long-lasting,     engage and motivate employees, impact productivity, increase the number of
successful and motivating place to work. We seek to foster an inclusive, equitable      employees on disability leave for mental health reasons, and introduce additional
and accessible workplace where team members are valued, respected and                   operational risks or exacerbate our exposure to existing ones, which could impair
supported, reflecting the diversity of the communities we serve and our desire to       our ability to manage our business.
provide team members with the opportunity to reach their full potential. We further
endeavour to establish programs and provide resources to support team members           Other examples of people-related risks include the following:
on a wide range of topics, including mental health services and support. Failure to
                                                                                        • The increasing technical and operational complexity of our businesses and the
establish robust programs to further these aspirations could adversely affect our
                                                                                          high demand in the market for skilled resources in strategic areas create a
ability to attract and retain team members. In addition, a wide range of ESG topics
                                                                                          challenging environment for hiring, retaining and developing such skilled
are
                                                                                          resources


                                                                                                                                         BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 109
9 MD&A Business risks

• Failure to establish a complete and effective succession plan, including              Challenges related to collective agreements could adversely affect our
  preparation of internal talent and identification of potential external candidates,   business
  where relevant, for senior executive and other key roles, could impair our
  business until qualified replacements are found                                       Approximately 39% of BCE employees were represented by unions and were
                                                                                        covered by collective agreements at December 31, 2021. The positive engagement
• Ensuring the safety of our workforce operating in different environments,             of members of our team represented by unions is contingent on negotiating
  including manholes, telephone poles, cell towers, vehicles, foreign news              collective agreements that deliver competitive labour conditions and uninterrupted
  bureaus and war zones, and/or in times of pandemic, requires focus, effective         service, both of which are critical to achieving our business objectives.
  processes and flexibility to avoid injury, illness, service interruption, fines and
  reputational impact                                                                   We cannot predict the outcome of collective agreement negotiations. Renewal of
                                                                                        collective agreements could result in higher labour costs and be challenging in the
• Potential deterioration in employee morale and engagement resulting from staff        context of a declining workload due to transformation, a maturing footprint and
  reductions, cost reductions or reorganizations could adversely affect our             improved efficiencies. During the bargaining process there may be project delays
  business and financial results                                                        and work disruptions, including work stoppages or work slowdowns, which could
                                                                                        adversely affect service to our customers and, in turn, our customer relationships
                                                                                        and financial performance.



OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
Our networks and IT systems are the foundation of high-quality consistent               supported by an effective governance and operating framework, this may lead to
services, which are critical to meeting service expectations                            inconsistent performance and dissatisfied customers, which over time could result in
                                                                                        higher churn.
Our ability to provide high-quality consistent wireless, wireline and media services
to customers in a complex and changing operating environment is crucial for             Further examples of risks to operational performance that could impact our
sustained success. Network capacity demands for content offerings and other             reputation, business operations and financial performance include the following:
bandwidth-intensive applications on our wireline and wireless networks have been
                                                                                        • The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may bring about further incremental costs,
growing at unprecedented rates. Unexpected capacity pressures on our networks
                                                                                          delays or unavailability of equipment and materials as well as unavailability of our
may negatively affect our network performance and our ability to provide services.
                                                                                          employees or those of our suppliers or contractors, due to government actions,
Issues relating to network availability, speed, consistency and traffic management
                                                                                          illness, quarantines, absenteeism, workforce reduction initiatives or other
on our more current as well as our legacy networks could have an adverse impact
                                                                                          restrictive measures, which may impact our ability to maintain or upgrade our
on our business and financial performance. Furthermore, we will need to manage
                                                                                          networks in order to accommodate substantially increased network usage due to
the possibility of instability as we transition towards converged wireline and
                                                                                          stay-at-home and work-at-home measures and to provide the desired levels of
wireless networks and newer technologies, including software-defined networks
                                                                                          customer service
leveraging open source software and cloud services.
                                                                                        • Failure to maintain required service delivery amid operational challenges
Stay-at-home and work-from-home measures implemented by governments and                   (including those related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the availability of
businesses during the COVID-19 pandemic have impacted the nature of our                   employees with the required skill set) and a transformation of our infrastructure
customers’ use of our networks, products and services. This has created                   and technology could adversely affect our brand, reputation and financial results
unprecedented capacity pressure on certain areas of our wireless, wireline and
broadcast media networks in a short period of time. As a result of taking various       • Corporate restructurings, system replacements and upgrades, process redesigns,
steps to maintain service continuity, our networks have, in general, adequately           staff reductions and the integration of business acquisitions may not deliver the
sustained such increased usage, but there can be no assurance that this will              benefits contemplated and could adversely impact our ongoing operations
continue to be the case. Home offices can be anywhere in the country and network        • Failure to streamline our significant IT legacy system portfolio and proactively
performance and/or reliability may vary depending on the location. The recent             improve operating performance could adversely affect our business and financial
trend for families to move from urban centres to less urbanized areas also                results
increases the need to develop and/or enhance our network in areas that were not
previously served or that were underserved. Network failures and slowdowns could        • We may experience more service interruptions or outages due to legacy
adversely affect our brand and reputation, subscriber acquisition and retention as        infrastructure. In some cases, vendor support is no longer available or legacy
well as our financial results. We may also need to incur significant capital              vendor operations have ceased.
expenditures in order to provide additional capacity and reduce network                 • There may be a lack of replacement parts and competent and cost-effective
congestion during the COVID-19 pandemic and beyond.                                       resources to perform the lifecycle management and upgrades necessary to
In addition, we currently use a very large number of interconnected internal and          maintain the operational status of legacy networks and IT systems
third-party operational and business support systems for provisioning, networking,      • Climate change increases the probability of severe weather-related events such
distribution, broadcast management, ordering, billing and accounting, which may           as ice, snow and wind storms, wildfires, flooding, extended heat waves,
hinder our operational efficiency. If we fail to implement, maintain or manage highly     hurricanes, tornadoes and tsunamis, all of which could impact network availability
effective IT systems                                                                      and performance and drive more repairs of network equipment


110 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks

Our operations and business continuity depend on how well we protect, test,              In addition, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may bring about further incremental
maintain, replace and upgrade our networks, IT systems, equipment and                    costs, delays or unavailability of equipment and materials as well as unavailability of
other facilities                                                                         our employees or those of our suppliers or contractors, any of which could impact
                                                                                         our operations and business continuity strategies.
Our operations, service performance, reputation and business continuity depend
on how well we and our contracted product and service providers, as well as other        Satellites used to provide our satellite TV services are subject to significant
telecommunications carriers on which we rely to provide services, protect networks       operational risks that could have an adverse effect on our business and
and IT systems, as well as other infrastructure and facilities, from events such as      financial performance
information security attacks, unauthorized access or entry, fire, natural disasters,
power loss, building cooling loss, acts of war or terrorism, sabotage, vandalism,        Pursuant to a set of commercial arrangements between ExpressVu and Telesat
actions of neighbours and other events. Climate change, especially in areas of           Canada (Telesat), we currently have satellites under contract with Telesat. Telesat
greater environmental sensitivity, could heighten the occurrence of certain of the       operates or directs the operation of these satellites, which utilize highly complex
above-mentioned risks. Establishing response strategies and business continuity          technology and operate in the harsh environment of space and are therefore subject
protocols to maintain service consistency if any disruptive event materializes is        to significant operational risks while in orbit. These risks include in-orbit equipment
critical to the achievement of effective customer service. Any of the above-             failures, malfunctions and other problems, commonly referred to as anomalies, that
mentioned events, as well as the failure by us, or by other telecommunications           could reduce the commercial usefulness of a satellite used to provide our satellite TV
carriers on which we rely to provide services, to complete planned and sufficient        services. Acts of war or terrorism, magnetic, electrostatic or solar storms, or space
testing, maintenance, replacement or upgrade of our or their networks, equipment         debris or meteoroids could also damage such satellites. Any loss, failure,
and other facilities, which is, among other factors, dependent on our or their ability   manufacturing defect, damage or destruction of these satellites, of our terrestrial
to purchase equipment and services from third-party suppliers, could disrupt our         broadcasting infrastructure or of Telesat’s tracking, telemetry and control facilities to
operations (including through disruptions such as network failures, billing errors or    operate the satellites could have an adverse effect on our business and financial
delays in customer service), require significant resources and result in significant     performance and could result in customers terminating their subscriptions to our
remediation costs, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business and        satellite TV service.
financial performance, or impair our ability to keep existing subscribers or attract
new ones.



VENDOR MANAGEMENT/SUPPLY CHAIN
We depend on third-party suppliers, outsourcers and consultants, some of                 The use of third-party suppliers and the outsourcing of services generally involve
which are critical, to provide an uninterrupted supply of the products and               transfer of risks, and we must take appropriate steps to ensure that our suppliers’
services we need, as well as comply with various obligations                             and outsourcers’ approach to risk management is aligned with our own standards in
                                                                                         order to maintain continuity of supply and brand strength. Increased focus on
We depend on key third-party suppliers and outsourcers, over which we have no            supplier risks in areas of security, data governance, responsible procurement and
operational or financial control, for products and services, some of which are           broader ESG factors requires increased attention given that supplier actions or
critical to our operations. If there are gaps in our vendor selection, governance or     omissions could have significant impacts on our business, financial results, brand
oversight processes established to seek to ensure full risk transparency at point of     and reputation. Furthermore, as cloud-based supplier models continue to evolve and
purchase and throughout the relationship, including any contract renegotiations,         grow, which has accelerated in the context of remote work arrangements
there is the potential for a breakdown in supply, which could impact our ability to      implemented in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, our procurement and vendor
make sales, service customers and achieve our business and financial objectives.         management practices must also continue to evolve to fully address associated risk
In addition, any such gaps could result in suboptimal management of our vendor           exposures.
base, increased costs and missed opportunities. Some of our third-party suppliers
and outsourcers are located in foreign countries, which increases the potential for      In addition, certain company initiatives rely heavily on professional consulting
a breakdown in supply due to the risks of operating in foreign jurisdictions with        services provided by third-parties, and a failure of such third party services may not
different laws, geopolitical environments and cultures, as well as the potential for     be reasonably evident until their work is delivered or delayed. Difficulties in
localized natural disasters.                                                             implementing remedial strategies in respect of professional consulting services
                                                                                         provided by third parties that are not performed in a proper or timely fashion could
We may have to select different third-party suppliers for equipment or other             result in an adverse effect on our ability to comply with various obligations, including
products and services, or different outsourcers, in order to meet evolving internal      applicable legal and accounting requirements.
company policies and guidelines as well as regulatory requirements. Should we
decide, or be required by a governmental authority or otherwise, to terminate our        Other examples of risks associated with third-party suppliers and outsourcers
relationship with an existing supplier or outsourcer, this would decrease the            include the following:
number of available suppliers or outsourcers and could result in significant
                                                                                         • We rely upon the successful implementation and execution of business continuity
increased costs, as well as transitional, support, service, quality or continuity
                                                                                           plans by our product and service suppliers. To the extent that such plans do not
issues; delay our ability to deploy new network and other technologies and offer
                                                                                           successfully mitigate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic or other events and
new products and services; and adversely affect our business and financial results.
                                                                                           our suppliers or vendors experience operational failures or inventory constraints,
                                                                                           such failures or


                                                                                                                                           BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 111
9 MD&A Business risks

 constraints could result in supply chain disruptions that could adversely affect our   • If products and services important to our operations have manufacturing defects
 business. Incremental costs, delays or unavailability of equipment, materials,           or do not comply with applicable government regulations and standards (including
 products or services, as well as unavailability of our suppliers or contractors’         product safety practices), our ability to sell products and provide services on a
 employees, could adversely affect our business. Notably, our wireless product            timely basis may be negatively impacted. We work with our suppliers to identify
 revenues and mobile phone and mobile connected device gross and net                      serious product defects (including safety incidents) and develop appropriate
 additions may be unfavourably impacted due to a global chip shortage                     remedial strategies, which may include a recall of products. To the extent that a
 attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic that is resulting in supply chain                  supplier does not actively participate in, and/or bear primary financial responsibility
 disruptions and inventory constraints for consumer electronics and mobile                for, a recall of its products, our ability to perform such recall programs at a
 devices, including smartphones and tablets.                                              reasonable cost and/or in a timely fashion may be negatively impacted. Any of the
                                                                                          events referred to above could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation
• The insolvency of one or more of our suppliers could cause a breakdown in
                                                                                          and financial results.
  supply and have an adverse effect on our operations, including our ability to
  make sales or service customers, as well as on our financial results                  • Products (including software) and services supplied to us may contain security
                                                                                          issues including, but not limited to, latent security issues that would not be
• Demand for products and services available from only a limited number of
                                                                                          apparent upon an inspection. Should we or a supplier fail to correct a security
  suppliers, some of which dominate their global market, may lead to decreased
                                                                                          issue in a timely fashion, there could be an adverse effect on our business,
  availability, increased costs or delays in the delivery of such products and
                                                                                          reputation and financial results.
  services, since suppliers may choose to favour global competitors that are larger
  than we are and, accordingly, purchase a larger volume of products and                • We rely on other telecommunications carriers from time to time to deliver services.
  services. In addition, production issues affecting any such suppliers, or other         Should these carriers fail to roll out new networks or fail to upgrade existing
  suppliers, could result in decreased quantities or a total lack of supply of            networks, or should their networks be affected by operational failures or service
  products or services. Any of these events could adversely impact our ability to         interruptions, such issues could adversely affect our ability to provide services
  meet customer commitments and demand.                                                   using such carriers’ networks and could, consequently, have an adverse effect on
                                                                                          our business, reputation and financial results.
• A suboptimal outsourcing model could result in the loss of key corporate
  knowledge and reduced efficiency and effectiveness                                    • BCE depends on call centre and technical support services provided by a number
                                                                                          of external suppliers and outsourcers, some of which are located in foreign
• Cloud-based solutions may increase the risk of security and data leakage
                                                                                          countries. These vendors have access to customer and internal BCE information
  exposure if security control protocols implemented by our cloud-based partners
                                                                                          necessary for the support services that they provide. Information access and
  or suppliers, or by us where we retain responsibility for such protocols, are
                                                                                          service delivery issues that are not managed appropriately may have an adverse
  inadequate
                                                                                          impact on our business, reputation, the quality and speed of services provided to
• Failure to maintain strong discipline around vendor administration (especially          customers, or our ability to address technical issues.
  around initial account setup) may mask potential financial or operational risks
  and complicate future problem resolutions



FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT
If we are unable to raise the capital we need or generate sufficient cash flows         Risk factors such as capital market disruptions, political, economic and financial
from operating activities, we may need to limit our capital expenditures or             market instability in Canada or abroad, government policies, central bank monetary
our investments in new businesses, or try to raise capital by disposing of              policies, increasing interest rates, changes to bank capitalization or other
assets                                                                                  regulations, reduced bank lending in general or fewer banks as a result of reduced
                                                                                        activity or consolidation, could reduce capital available or increase the cost of such
Our ability to meet our cash requirements, fund capital expenditures and provide        capital. In addition, an increased level of debt borrowings could result in lower credit
for planned growth depends on having access to adequate sources of capital and          ratings, increased borrowing costs and a reduction in the amount of funding
on our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities, which is subject to    available to us, including through equity offerings. Business acquisitions and our
various risks, including those described in this MD&A.                                  acquisition of wireless spectrum licences could also adversely affect our outlook and
Our ability to raise financing depends on our ability to access the public equity and   credit ratings and have similar adverse consequences. In addition, participants in the
debt capital markets, the money market, as well as the bank credit market. Our          public capital and bank credit markets have internal policies limiting their ability to
ability to access such markets and the cost and amount of funding available             invest in, or extend credit to, any single entity or entity group or a particular industry.
depend largely on prevailing market conditions and the outlook for our business         Finally, with increasing emphasis by the capital markets on ESG performance and
and credit ratings at the time capital is raised.                                       reporting, there is a potential for the cost and availability of funding to be increasingly
                                                                                        tied to the quality of our ESG practices and related disclosed metrics.


112 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks

Our bank credit facilities, including credit facilities supporting our commercial paper   Income and commodity tax amounts may materially differ from the expected
program, are provided by various financial institutions. While it is our intention to     amounts
renew certain of such credit facilities from time to time, there are no assurances
that these facilities will be renewed on favourable terms or in similar amounts.          Our complex business operations are subject to various tax laws. The adoption of
                                                                                          new tax laws, or regulations or rules thereunder, or changes thereto or in the
Global financial markets have experienced, and could again experience, significant        interpretation thereof, could result in higher tax rates, new taxes or other adverse tax
volatility and weakness as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Economic                    implications. In addition, while we believe that we have adequately provided for all
uncertainty could negatively impact equity and debt capital markets, could cause          income and commodity taxes based on all of the information that is currently
interest rate and currency volatility and movements, and could adversely affect our       available, the calculation of income taxes and the applicability of commodity taxes in
ability to raise financing in the public capital, bank credit and/or commercial paper     many cases require significant judgment in interpreting tax rules and regulations.
markets as well as the cost thereof. Additionally, the negative impact of the             Our tax filings are subject to government audits that could result in material changes
COVID-19 pandemic on our customers’ financial condition could adversely affect            to the amount of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities and other
our ability to recover payment of receivables from customers and lead to further          liabilities and could, in certain circumstances, result in an assessment of interest and
increases in bad debts, thereby negatively affecting our revenues and cash flows,         penalties.
as well as our position under our securitized trade receivables program.
                                                                                          The failure to reduce costs as well as unexpected increases in costs could
Differences between BCE’s actual or anticipated financial results and the published       adversely affect our ability to achieve our strategic imperatives and financial
expectations of financial analysts, as well as events affecting our business or           guidance
operating environment, may contribute to volatility in BCE’s securities. A major
decline in the capital markets in general, or an adjustment in the market price or        Our objectives for targeted cost reductions continue to be aggressive but there is no
trading volumes of BCE’s securities, may negatively affect our ability to raise debt      assurance that we will be successful in reducing costs, especially since incremental
or equity capital, retain senior executives and other key employees, make strategic       cost savings are more difficult to achieve on an ongoing basis. Examples of risks to
acquisitions or enter into joint ventures.                                                our ability to reduce costs or limit potential cost increases include the following:
                                                                                          • Increased inflation could result in higher input costs for equipment, products and
If we cannot access the capital we need or generate cash flows to implement our
                                                                                            services, and create increased pressure for wage increases
business plan or meet our financial obligations on acceptable terms, we may have
to limit our ongoing capital expenditures and our investment in new businesses or         • Increased costs related to the COVID-19 pandemic could continue for an
try to raise additional capital by selling or otherwise disposing of assets. Any of         undetermined period of time
these could have an adverse effect on our cash flows from operating activities and
                                                                                          • Our cost reduction objectives require aggressive negotiations with our suppliers
on our growth prospects.
                                                                                            and there can be no assurance that such negotiations will be successful or that
We cannot guarantee that dividends will be increased or declared                            replacement products or services provided will not lead to operational issues

Increases in the BCE common share dividend and the declaration of dividends on            • As suppliers continue to shorten software lifecycles, the cost of seeking to
any of BCE’s outstanding shares are subject to the discretion of BCE’s board of             maintain adequate information security increases
directors (BCE Board) and, consequently, there can be no guarantee that the               • Achieving timely cost reductions while moving to an IP-based network is
dividend on common shares will be increased or that dividends will be declared.             dependent on disciplined network decommissioning, which can be delayed by
Dividend increases and the declaration of dividends by the BCE Board are                    customer contractual commitments, regulatory considerations and other
ultimately dependent on BCE’s operations and financial results which are, in turn,          unforeseen obstacles
subject to various assumptions and risks, including those set out in this MD&A.
                                                                                          • Failure to contain growing operational costs related to network sites, network
We are exposed to various credit, liquidity and market risks                                performance, footprint expansion, spectrum licences, insurance and content and
                                                                                            equipment acquisition could have a negative effect on our financial performance
Our exposure to credit, liquidity and market risks, including equity price, interest
rate and currency fluctuations, is discussed in section 6.5, Financial risk               • Fluctuations in energy prices are partly influenced by government policies to
management of this MD&A and in Note 29 to BCE’s 2021 consolidated financial                 address climate change such as carbon pricing which, combined with growing
statements.                                                                                 data demand that increases our energy requirements, could increase our energy
                                                                                            costs beyond our current expectations
Our failure to identify and manage our exposure to changes in interest rates,
foreign exchange rates, BCE’s share price and other market conditions could lead          • Failure to successfully deliver on our contractual commitments, whether due to
to missed opportunities, increased costs, reduced profit margins, cash flow                 security events, operational challenges or other reasons, may result in financial
shortages, inability to complete planned capital expenditures, reputational damage,         penalties and loss of revenues
equity and debt securities devaluations, and challenges in raising capital on
market-competitive terms.


                                                                                                                                            BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 113
9 MD&A Business risks

The failure to evolve practices to effectively monitor and control fraudulent            information, inventory valuation reserves, impairment of non-financial assets,
activities could result in financial loss and brand degradation                          derivative financial instruments, post-employment benefit plans and other provisions.
As a public company with a range of desirable and valuable products and services         The economic environment, pension rules or ineffective governance could
and a large number of employees, BCE requires a disciplined program covering             have an adverse effect on our pension obligations, and we may be required to
governance, exposure identification and assessment, prevention, detection and            increase contributions to our post-employment benefit plans
reporting that considers corruption, misappropriation of assets and intentional
manipulation of financial statements by employees and/or external parties. Fraud         With a large pension plan membership and DB pension plans that are subject to the
events can result in financial loss and brand degradation.                               pressures of the global economic environment and changing regulatory and
                                                                                         reporting requirements, our pension obligations are exposed to potential volatility.
Specific examples relevant to us include:                                                Failure to recognize and manage economic exposure and pension rule changes, or
                                                                                         to ensure that effective governance is in place for the management and funding of
• Copyright theft and other forms of unauthorized use that undermine the
                                                                                         pension plan assets and obligations, could have an adverse impact on our liquidity
  exclusivity of Bell Media’s content offerings, which could potentially divert users
                                                                                         and financial performance.
  to unlicensed or otherwise illegitimate platforms, thus impacting our ability to
  derive distribution and advertising revenues                                           The funding requirements of our post-employment benefit plans, based on
• Subscription fraud on accounts established with a false identity or paid with a        valuations of plan assets and obligations, depend on a number of factors, including
  stolen credit card                                                                     actual returns on post-employment benefit plan assets, long-term interest rates, plan
                                                                                         demographics, and applicable regulations and actuarial standards. Changes in these
• Fraudulent (unauthorized) access to, and manipulation of, customer accounts,           factors, including changes caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, could cause future
  including through sim-swap and port out fraud                                          contributions to significantly differ from our current estimates, require us to increase
• Network usage fraud such as call/sell operations using our wireline or wireless        contributions to our post-employment benefit plans in the future and, therefore, have
  networks                                                                               a negative effect on our liquidity and financial performance.

• Ongoing efforts to steal the services of TV distributors, including Bell Canada        There is no assurance that the assets of our post-employment benefit plans will earn
  and ExpressVu, through compromise or circumvention of signal security                  their assumed rate of return. A substantial portion of our post-employment benefit
  systems, causing revenue loss                                                          plans’ assets is invested in public and private equity and debt securities. As a result,
                                                                                         the ability of our post-employment benefit plans’ assets to earn the rate of return that
Economic conditions and changing customer behaviour could lead to further                we have assumed depends significantly on the performance of capital markets.
impairment charges and changes to estimates                                              Market conditions also impact the discount rate used to calculate our pension plan
                                                                                         solvency obligations and could therefore also significantly affect our cash funding
As a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, in the second quarter of 2021, we
                                                                                         requirements.
recorded an impairment charge in our Bell Media segment relating to certain
assets for our radio services. It is possible that the estimates currently recorded in
our financial results for the year ended December 31, 2021 could change again in
the future. This may include valuations and estimates related to allowance for
doubtful accounts and impairment of contract assets, both of which take into
account current economic conditions, as well as historical and forward-looking


LITIGATION, LEGAL OBLIGATIONS AND GOVERNANCE
Legal proceedings, changes in applicable laws and the failure to proactively             The increase in laws and regulations around customer interactions and the
address our legal and regulatory obligations could have an adverse effect on             technological evolution of our business create an environment of complex
our business, financial performance and reputation                                       compliance requirements that must be adequately managed. The failure to comply
                                                                                         with legal or regulatory obligations applicable to us could expose us to litigation,
We become involved in various claims and legal proceedings as part of our                significant fines and penalties, as well as result in reputational harm. Heightened
business. Plaintiffs are able to launch and obtain certification of class actions on     focus on consumer protection through provincial legislation and regulatory consumer
behalf of a large group of people with increasing ease, and securities laws facilitate   codes, as well as increased legal and regulatory pressure in areas of privacy,
the introduction of class action lawsuits by secondary market investors against          accessibility, data governance and other ESG topics, require enhanced compliance
public companies for alleged misrepresentations in public disclosure documents           frameworks and could further increase the company’s exposure to investigations,
and oral statements. Changes in laws or regulations, or in how they are                  litigation, sanctions, fines and reputational harm.
interpreted, and the adoption of new laws or regulations, as well as pending or
future litigation, including an increase in certified class actions which, by their      For a description of important legal proceedings involving us, please see the section
nature, could result in sizeable damage awards and costs relating to litigation,         entitled Legal proceedings contained in the BCE 2021 AIF.
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial performance and
reputation.


114 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
9 MD&A Business risks

There can be no assurance that our corporate governance practices will be                 developed and implemented strong corporate governance practices, including
sufficient to prevent violations of legal and ethical standards                           through our Code of Business Conduct which is updated regularly and subject to an
                                                                                          annual review by our team members, there can be no assurance that such practices
Our employees, officers, Board members, suppliers and other business partners             and measures will be sufficient to prevent violations of legal and ethical standards.
are expected to comply with applicable legal and ethical standards including,             Any such failure or violation could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
without limitation, anti-bribery laws, as well as with our governance policies and        performance and reputation. Effective ethical business conduct is also a component
contractual obligations. Failure to comply with such laws, policies and contractual       of good ESG practices, which are considered an increasingly important measure of
obligations could expose us to litigation and significant fines and penalties, and        corporate performance and value creation.
result in reputational harm or being disqualified from bidding on contracts. While
we have



ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RISK
Environmental concerns, including climate change, could have an adverse                   Furthermore, climate-related events could also impact our suppliers, which in turn
effect on our business                                                                    could impact our business. Given that some of our third-party suppliers and
                                                                                          outsourcers are located in foreign countries, localized natural disasters in such
We face risks related to environmental events, including climate-related events,          countries could further negatively impact our business.
which could impact our operations, service performance, reputation and business
continuity, cost of insurance, and more generally have an adverse effect on our           In addition, several areas of our operations also raise environmental considerations,
business, financial performance and reputation. In particular, climate change poses       such as fuel storage, GHG emissions and energy consumption reduction, waste
potential risks to our business, our employees, our customers, our suppliers and          management, disposal of hazardous residual materials, and recovery and recycling
outsourcers, and the communities we operate in.                                           of end-of-life electronic products we sell or lease.
In alignment with the recommendations of the TCFD, we categorize climate-related          Our team members, customers, investors and governments expect that we regard
risks into physical and transition risks:                                                 environmental protection as an integral part of doing business and that we seek to
                                                                                          minimize the negative environmental impacts of our operations and create positive
• Physical risks are associated with the physical impacts from a changing climate
                                                                                          impacts where possible. Failure to recognize and adequately respond to their
  and can either be event-driven (acute) or longer-term (chronic) shifts in climate
                                                                                          evolving expectations, to take action to reduce our negative impacts on the
  patterns. Global climate change could exacerbate certain of the threats facing
                                                                                          environment, to achieve our environmental commitments and to effectively report on
  our business, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events
                                                                                          environmental matters, could result in fines, and could harm our brand, reputation
  such as ice, snow and wind storms, wildfires, flooding, extended heat waves,
                                                                                          and competitiveness, as well as lead to other negative business, financial, legal and
  hurricanes, tornadoes and tsunamis. These events could have a destructive
                                                                                          regulatory consequences for the company.
  impact on our telecommunications network infrastructure, which could affect
  our ability to deliver communications services that are critical to our customers       Pandemics, epidemics and other health risks, including health concerns about
  and society. In addition, rising mean temperatures and extended heat waves              radiofrequency emissions from wireless communications devices and
  could increase the need for cooling or heating capacity in our network                  equipment, could have an adverse effect on our business
  infrastructure, thus increasing our energy consumption and associated costs. In
  order to enhance our resiliency to these increasing or decreasing temperatures,         In addition to risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic, other pandemics, epidemics
  we may need to increase our investments in our infrastructure, which would lead         and other health risks could occur, which could adversely affect our ability to
  to increased operational costs.                                                         maintain operational networks and provide products and services to our customers,
                                                                                          as well as the ability of our suppliers to provide us with products and services we
• Transition risks are associated with a transition to a lower-carbon economy,            need to operate our business. Any such pandemics, epidemics and other health
  which may include extensive regulatory, technology and market changes to                risks could also have an adverse effect on the economy and financial markets
  address mitigation and adaptation requirements related to climate change.               resulting in a declining level of retail and commercial activity, which could have a
  These risks may include increased operational costs driven by the rising price of       negative impact on the demand for, and prices of, our products and services.
  energy due to carbon pricing regulations and the shifting supply and demand for
  energy, increased operational costs related to e-waste treatment programs and           Many studies have been performed or are ongoing to assess whether mobile
  management systems, reputation risks related to our management of climate-              communications devices, such as smartphones, as well as wireless networks and
  related issues as well as to our level of disclosure related to such matters. There     towers pose a potential health risk. While some studies suggest links to certain
  is also a reputational risk of not demonstrating our proactive behaviour towards        conditions, others conclude there is no established causation between mobile phone
  climate change, which could affect customer perception and the cost and                 usage and adverse health effects. In 2011, the International Agency for Research on
  availability of funding that has the potential to be increasingly tied to the quality   Cancer (IARC) of the World Health Organization classified radiofrequency
  of our ESG practices and related disclosed metrics, all of which could have             electromagnetic fields from wireless phones as possibly carcinogenic to humans, but
  negative financial outcomes.                                                            also indicated that chance, bias or confounding could not be ruled out with
                                                                                          reasonable confidence. The IARC also called for additional research into long-term
                                                                                          heavy use of mobile phones.


                                                                                                                                          BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 115
9 MD&A Business risks

ISED is responsible for approving radiofrequency equipment and performing                    GHG EMISSIONS REDUCTION TARGETS
compliance assessments and has chosen Health Canada’s Safety Code 6, which                   Our GHG emissions reduction targets rely in large part on our ability to implement
sets the limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency emissions at home or at work,            sufficient corporate and business initiatives in order to reduce GHG emissions to the
as its exposure standard. This code also outlines safety requirements for the                desired levels as reflected in such targets. Failure to implement such initiatives
installation and operation of devices that emit radiofrequency fields such as mobile         according to planned schedules due to changes in business plans, our inability to
communications devices, Wi-Fi technologies and base station antennas. ISED has               implement requisite operational or technological changes, unavailability of capital,
made compliance to Safety Code 6 mandatory for all proponents and operators of               technologies or employees, cost allocations, actual costs exceeding anticipated
radio installations.                                                                         costs, or other factors, or the failure of such initiatives, including of new
                                                                                             technologies, to generate anticipated GHG emissions reductions, could negatively
Our business is heavily dependent on radiofrequency technologies, which could                affect our ability to achieve our GHG emissions reduction targets. In addition, future
present significant challenges to our business and financial performance, such as            corporate initiatives, such as business acquisitions and organic growth, could
the following:                                                                               negatively affect our ability to achieve our targets, as would the adoption of new
• We may face lawsuits relating to alleged adverse health effects on customers,              technologies that are carbon enablers or do not generate the anticipated energy
  as well as relating to our marketing and disclosure practices in connection                savings.
  therewith, and the likely outcome of such potential lawsuits is unpredictable and
  could change over time                                                                     The achievement of our target to be carbon neutral for our operational GHG
                                                                                             emissions starting in 2025 and of our SBTs may require that we purchase carbon
• Changes in scientific evidence and/or public perceptions could lead to additional          credits and/or renewable energy certificates, as applicable. Should a sufficient
  government regulations and costs for retrofitting infrastructure and handsets to           quantity of credible credits or certificates be unavailable, should their cost of
  achieve compliance                                                                         acquisition be considered too onerous, or should regulations, applicable standards,
• Public concerns could result in a slower deployment of, or in our inability to             public perception or other factors limit the number of credits or certificates that we
  deploy, infrastructure necessary to maintain and/or expand our wireless network            can purchase, the achievement of our GHG emission reduction targets could be
  as required by market evolution                                                            negatively impacted.

Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and financial               A refinement in or modifications to international standards or to the methodology we
performance.                                                                                 use for the calculation of GHG emissions that would result in an increase in our
                                                                                             GHG emissions could further impact our ability to achieve our targets. In addition, as
Various social issues, if not adequately managed, could have an adverse                      it relates to our SBTs specifically, the SBTi requires the recalculation of our targets
effect on our business                                                                       upon the occurrence of certain events, such as business acquisitions, or to conform
                                                                                             to evolving SBTi methodology or standards. A recalculation resulting in the
Inadequate management of social issues associated with our company and our                   introduction of more ambitious targets could challenge our ability to achieve such
business, as well as our suppliers and other stakeholders, could also adversely              updated targets.
affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, financial results or reputation. This
may include social elements discussed elsewhere in this MD&A such as DEI,                    The achievement of our SBTs relating to purchased goods and services could be
employees’ well-being, health and safety, responsible procurement, as well as                negatively impacted should we fail to achieve the required level of engagement from
other social issues such as human rights, including Indigenous peoples’ rights and           our suppliers over which we have no control, despite the engagement measures that
consultation, and community acceptance and engagement. Effective management                  we may implement.
of social risk is a component of good ESG practices, which are an important
measure of corporate performance and value creation. Failure to sufficiently report          In addition, we have much less control over the reduction of our scope 3 GHG
on our management of social issues and to achieve our social commitments could               emissions than over our scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions given that we must
harm our brand and reputation, and could lead to negative business, financial,               rely on the engagement and collaboration of our suppliers and partners in reducing
legal and regulatory consequences for the company.                                           their own GHG emissions. Accordingly, failure to obtain our suppliers and partners’
                                                                                             engagement and collaboration could adversely affect our ability to meet our scope
Various factors could negatively impact our ability to achieve our ESG                       3 GHG emissions reduction target.
targets
                                                                                             DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION TARGETS
We have set a number of ambitious ESG targets to monitor our ESG performance                 Failure to attract and retain a certain level of diverse talent across the organization
and align our strategic imperatives. However, our ability to achieve these targets           could negatively affect our ability to meet our DEI targets and objectives. In addition,
depends on many factors and is subject to many risks that could cause our                    our ability to achieve such targets and objectives could also be challenged by
assumptions or estimates to be inaccurate and cause actual results or events to              reduced labour market availability or restricted access to a diverse talent pool.
differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these targets. Failure to
sufficiently address evolving employee, customer, investor and other stakeholder
expectations through achievement of our ESG targets could harm our brand,
reputation and competitiveness, as well as lead to other negative business,
financial, legal and regulatory consequences for the company.
Important risk factors that could affect certain of our key ESG targets are set out
below.


116 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
10 MD&A Accounting policies


10 Accounting policies
This section discusses key estimates and assumptions that management has made and how they affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
notes. It also describes key changes in accounting standards and our accounting policies, and how they affect our financial statements.
We have prepared our consolidated financial statements using IFRS. Other significant accounting policies, not involving the same level of measurement
uncertainty as those discussed in this section, are nevertheless important to an understanding of our financial statements. See Note 2, Significant accounting
policies, in BCE’s 2021 consolidated financial statements for more information about the accounting principles we used to prepare our consolidated financial
statements.


CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND KEY JUDGMENTS
When preparing the financial statements, management makes estimates and                 The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible
judgments relating to:                                                                  assets are determined by internal asset life studies, which take into account actual
                                                                                        and expected future usage, physical wear and tear, replacement history and
• reported amounts of revenues and expenses
                                                                                        assumptions about technology evolution. When factors indicate that assets’ useful
• reported amounts of assets and liabilities                                            lives are different from the prior assessment, we depreciate or amortize the
                                                                                        remaining carrying value prospectively over the adjusted estimated useful lives.
• disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
We base our estimates on a number of factors, including historical experience,          POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS
current events, including but not limited to the COVID-19 pandemic, and actions         The amounts reported in the financial statements relating to DB pension plans and
that the company may undertake in the future, as well as other assumptions that         OPEBs are determined using actuarial calculations that are based on several
we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. By their nature, these               assumptions.
estimates and judgments are subject to measurement uncertainty and actual
results could differ.                                                                   Our actuaries perform a valuation at least every three years to determine the
                                                                                        actuarial present value of the accrued DB pension plan and OPEB obligations. The
We consider the estimates and judgments described in this section to be an              actuarial valuation uses management’s assumptions for, among other things, the
important part of understanding our financial statements because they require           discount rate, life expectancy, the rate of compensation increase, trends in
management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the          healthcare costs and expected average remaining years of service of employees.
time the estimates and judgments were made, and changes to these estimates
and judgments could have a material impact on our financial statements and our          While we believe that these assumptions are reasonable, differences in actual
segments.                                                                               results or changes in assumptions could materially affect post-employment benefit
                                                                                        obligations and future net post-employment benefit plans cost.
Our senior management has reviewed the development and selection of the critical
accounting estimates and judgments described in this section with the Audit             We account for differences between actual and expected results in benefit
Committee of the BCE Board.                                                             obligations and plan performance in OCI, which are then recognized immediately in
                                                                                        the deficit.
Any sensitivity analysis included in this section should be used with caution as the
changes are hypothetical and the impact of changes in each key assumption may           The most significant assumptions used to calculate the net post-employment benefit
not be linear.                                                                          plans cost are the discount rate and life expectancy.
Our more significant estimates and judgments are described below.                       A discount rate is used to determine the present value of the future cash flows that
                                                                                        we expect will be needed to settle post-employment benefit obligations.
ESTIMATES                                                                               The discount rate is based on the yield on long-term, high-quality corporate fixed
USEFUL LIVES OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT                                           income investments, with maturities matching the estimated cash flows of the post-
AND FINITE-LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS                                                       employment benefit plans. Life expectancy is based on publicly available Canadian
                                                                                        mortality tables and is adjusted for the company’s specific experience.
We review our estimates of the useful lives of property, plant and equipment and
finite-life intangible assets on an annual basis and adjust depreciation or             A lower discount rate and a higher life expectancy result in a higher net post-
amortization on a prospective basis, as required.                                       employment benefit obligation and a higher current service cost.
Property, plant and equipment represent a significant proportion of our total assets.
Changes in technology or our intended use of these assets, as well as changes in
business prospects or economic and industry factors, may cause the estimated
useful lives of these assets to change.


                                                                                                                                        BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 117
10 MD&A Accounting policies

SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS
The following table shows a sensitivity analysis of key assumptions used to measure the net post-employment benefit obligations and the net post-employment benefit plans
cost for our DB pension plans and OPEB plans.
                                                                                                          IMPACT ON NET POST-EMPLOYMENT            IMPACT ON POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT
                                                                                                            BENEFIT PLANS COST FOR 2021 –           OBLIGATIONS AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 –
                                                                                                                INCREASE/(DECREASE)                       INCREASE/(DECREASE)
                                                                                            CHANGE IN       INCREASE IN           DECREASE IN          INCREASE IN           DECREASE IN
                                                                                          ASSUMPTION        ASSUMPTION            ASSUMPTION           ASSUMPTION            ASSUMPTION

Discount rate                                                                                  0.5%                 (68)                    57              (1,612)               1,794
Life expectancy at age 65                                                                     1 year                 32                     (32)              936                   (962)


REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS                                                     During Q2 2021, we recognized $163 million of impairment charges for various radio
We are required to make estimates that affect the amount of revenue from                  markets within our Bell Media segment. These charges included $150 million
contracts with customers, including estimating the stand-alone selling prices of          allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences, and $13 million to
products and services.                                                                    property, plant and equipment mainly for buildings and network infrastructure and
                                                                                          equipment. They were determined by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to
For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and services when            their fair value less cost of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the CGUs using
they are separately identifiable and the customer can benefit from the product or         both discounted cash flows and market-based valuation models, which include
service on its own or with other readily available resources. The total arrangement       five-year cash flow projections derived from business plans reviewed by senior
consideration is allocated to each product or service included in the contract with       management for the period of July 1, 2021 to December 31, 2026, using a discount
the customer based on its stand-alone selling price. We generally determine stand-        rate of 8.5% and a perpetuity growth rate of (2.0%) as well as market multiple data
alone selling prices based on the observable prices at which we sell products             from public companies and market transactions. After impairments, the carrying
separately without a service contract and prices for non-bundled service offers with      value of our group of radio CGUs was $235 million.
the same range of services, adjusted for market conditions and other factors, as
appropriate. When similar products and services are not sold separately, we use           During the second quarter of 2020, we identified indicators of impairment for certain
the expected cost plus margin approach to determine stand-alone selling prices.           of our Bell Media TV services and radio markets, notably declines in advertising
Products and services purchased by a customer in excess of those included in the          revenues, lower subscriber revenues and overall increases in discount rates
bundled arrangement are accounted for separately.                                         resulting from the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Accordingly,
                                                                                          impairment testing was required for certain groups of CGUs as well as for goodwill.
IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS                                                        During Q2 2020, we recognized $452 million of impairment charges for our English
Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually or      and French TV services as well as various radio markets within our Bell Media
when there is an indication that the asset may be impaired. Property, plant and           segment. These charges included $291 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible
equipment and finite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment if events or        assets for broadcast licences, $146 million allocated to finite-life intangible assets,
changes in circumstances, assessed at each reporting period, indicate that their          mainly for program and feature film rights, and $15 million to property, plant and
carrying amount may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing,            equipment for network and infrastructure and equipment. They were determined by
assets other than goodwill are grouped at the lowest level for which there are            comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to their fair value less cost of disposal.
separately identifiable cash inflows.                                                     We estimated the fair value of the CGUs using both discounted cash flows and
                                                                                          market-based valuation models, which include five-year cash flow projections
Impairment losses are recognized and measured as the excess of the carrying               derived from business plans reviewed by senior management for the period of
value of the assets over their recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount          July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2025, using discount rates of 8.0% to 9.5% and a
is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Previously   perpetuity growth rate of (1.0%) to nil, as well as market multiple data from public
recognized impairment losses, other than those attributable to goodwill, are              companies and market transactions. After impairments, the carrying value of these
reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date and, if the asset’s                 CGUs was $942 million.
recoverable amount has increased, all or a portion of the impairment is reversed.
We make a number of estimates when calculating recoverable amounts using                  GOODWILL IMPAIRMENT TESTING
discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods to test for impairment.           We perform an annual test for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter for each of
These estimates include the assumed growth rates for future cash flows, the               our CGUs or groups of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated, and whenever there is
number of years used in the cash flow model and the discount rate. When                   an indication that goodwill might be impaired.
impairment charges occur they are recorded in Impairment of assets.
                                                                                          A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that
During the second quarter of 2021, we identified indicators of impairment for our         are independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.
Bell Media radio markets, notably a decline in advertising revenue and an increase
in the discount rate resulting from the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
Accordingly, impairment testing was required for our group of radio CGUs.


118 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
10 MD&A Accounting policies

We identify any potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of a CGU or          LEASES
group of CGUs to its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of a CGU or               The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make estimates that affect the
group of CGUs is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in     measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities, including determining the
use. Both fair value less costs of disposal and value in use are based on estimates       appropriate discount rate used to measure lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are
of discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods. Cash flows are                initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
projected based on past experience, actual operating results and business plans.          commencement date, discounted using our incremental borrowing rate, unless the
When the recoverable amount of a CGU or group of CGUs is less than its carrying           rate implicit in the lease is readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate is
value, the recoverable amount is determined for its identifiable assets and               derived from publicly available risk-free interest rates, adjusted for applicable credit
liabilities. The excess of the recoverable amount of the CGU or group of CGUs             spreads and lease terms. We apply a single incremental borrowing rate to a portfolio
over the total of the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities is the recoverable   of leases with similar characteristics.
amount of goodwill.
An impairment charge is recognized in Impairment of assets in the income                  FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
statements for any excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its recoverable          Certain financial instruments, such as investments in equity securities, derivative
amount. For purposes of impairment testing of goodwill, our CGUs or groups of             financial instruments and certain elements of borrowings, are carried in the
CGUs correspond to our reporting segments as disclosed in Note 3, Segmented               statements of financial position at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in
information, in BCE’s 2021 consolidated financial statements.                             the income statements and the statements of comprehensive income. Fair values
                                                                                          are estimated by reference to published price quotations or by using other valuation
Any significant change in each of the estimates used could have a material impact         techniques that may include inputs that are not based on observable market data,
on the calculation of the recoverable amount and resulting impairment charge. As a        such as discounted cash flows and earnings multiples.
result, we are unable to reasonably quantify the changes in our overall financial
performance if we had used different assumptions.
                                                                                          CONTINGENCIES
We cannot predict whether an event that triggers impairment will occur, when it will      In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal
occur or how it will affect the asset values we have reported.                            proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. Pending claims and legal
We believe that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions on which            proceedings represent a potential cost to our business. We estimate the amount of a
the estimates of recoverable amounts of our groups of CGUs are based would not            loss by analyzing potential outcomes and assuming various litigation and settlement
cause their carrying amounts to exceed their recoverable amounts.                         strategies, based on information that is available at the time.

During the second quarter of 2020, we identified indicators that goodwill for our         If the final resolution of a legal or regulatory matter results in a judgment against us
Bell Media group of CGUs may be impaired as a result of the economic impact of            or requires us to pay a large settlement, it could have a material adverse effect on
the COVID-19 pandemic, notably declines in advertising revenues, lower                    our consolidated financial statements in the period in which the judgment or
subscriber revenues and increases in discount rates. Impairment testing of                settlement occurs.
goodwill during 2020 for the Bell Media group of CGUs did not result in an
impairment of goodwill.                                                                   ONEROUS CONTRACTS
                                                                                          A provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the unavoidable costs of
There were no goodwill impairment charges in 2021 or 2020.                                meeting our obligations under a contract exceed the expected benefits to be
                                                                                          received under the contract. The provision is measured at the present value of the
DEFERRED TAXES                                                                            lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected     completing the contract.
to apply when the asset or liability is recovered or settled. Both our current and
deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated using tax rates that have been         JUDGMENTS
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
                                                                                          POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS
Deferred taxes are provided on temporary differences arising from investments in
                                                                                          The determination of the discount rate used to value our post-employment benefit
subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates, except where we control the
                                                                                          obligations requires judgment. The rate is set by reference to market yields of long-
timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the
                                                                                          term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments at the beginning of each fiscal
temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
                                                                                          year. Significant judgment is required when setting the criteria for fixed income
The amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities are estimated with consideration       investments to be included in the population from which the yield curve is derived.
given to the timing, sources and amounts of future taxable income.                        The most significant criteria considered for the selection of investments include the
                                                                                          size of the issue and credit quality, along with the identification of outliers, which are
                                                                                          excluded.


                                                                                                                                             BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 119
10 MD&A Accounting policies

INCOME TAXES                                                                                   and the customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or with other
The calculation of income taxes requires judgment in interpreting tax rules and                readily available resources. When our right to consideration from a customer
regulations. There are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax                corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the products and services
determination is uncertain. Our tax filings are also subject to audits, the outcome of         transferred to date, we recognize revenue in the amount to which we have a right to
which could change the amount of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities.              invoice. We recognize product revenues from the sale of wireless handsets and
Management believes that it has sufficient amounts accrued for outstanding tax                 devices and wireline equipment when a customer takes possession of the product.
matters based on information that currently is available.                                      We recognize service revenues over time, as the services are provided. Revenues
                                                                                               on certain long-term contracts are recognized using output methods based on
Management judgment is used to determine the amounts of deferred tax assets                    products delivered, performance completed to date, time elapsed or milestones met.
and liabilities to be recognized. In particular, judgment is required when assessing
the timing of the reversal of temporary differences to which future income tax rates           Additionally, the determination of costs to obtain a contract, including the
are applied.                                                                                   identification of incremental costs, also requires judgment. Incremental costs of
                                                                                               obtaining a contract with a customer, principally comprised of sales commissions,
LEASES                                                                                         and prepaid contract fulfillment costs are included in contract costs in the statements
                                                                                               of financial position, except where the amortization period is one year or less, in
The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make judgments that affect the                       which case costs of obtaining a contract are immediately expensed. Capitalized
measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities. A lease contract conveys the               costs are amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the period and
right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for           pattern of transfer to the customer of the related products or services.
consideration. At inception of the contract, we assess whether the contract
contains an identified asset, whether we have the right to obtain substantially all of         CGUs
the economic benefits from use of the asset and whether we have the right to
direct how and for what purpose the asset is used. In determining the lease term,              The determination of CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose of impairment testing
we include periods covered by renewal options when we are reasonably certain to                requires judgment.
exercise those options. Similarly, we include periods covered by termination
options when we are reasonably certain not to exercise those options. To assess if             CONTINGENCIES
we are reasonably certain to exercise an option, we consider all facts and                     The determination of whether a loss is probable from claims and legal proceedings
circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise renewal options (or                and whether an outflow of resources is likely requires judgment.
not exercise termination options). Economic incentives include the costs related to
the termination of the lease, the significance of any leasehold improvements and               We accrue a potential loss if we believe a loss is probable and an outflow of
the importance of the underlying assets to our operations.                                     resources is likely and can be reasonably estimated, based on information that is
                                                                                               available at the time. Any accrual would be charged to earnings and included in
REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS                                                          Trade payables and other liabilities or Other non-current liabilities. Any payment as a
                                                                                               result of a judgment or cash settlement would be deducted from cash from operating
The identification of performance obligations within a contract and the timing of              activities. We estimate the amount of a loss by analyzing potential outcomes and
satisfaction of performance obligations under long-term contracts requires                     assuming various litigation and settlement strategies.
judgment. For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and
services when they are separately identifiable



FUTURE CHANGES TO ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
The following amended accounting standards issued by the IASB have an effective date after December 31, 2021 and have not yet been adopted by BCE.
STANDARD                        DESCRIPTION                                                                 IMPACT                         EFFECTIVE DATE

Onerous Contracts – Cost of     These amendments clarify which costs should be included in determining the These amendments will not       Effective for annual reporting periods beginning on
Fulfilling a Contract,          cost of fulfilling a contract when assessing whether a contract is onerous. have a significant impact on   or after January 1, 2022.
Amendments to IAS 37 –                                                                                      our financial statements.
Provisions, Contingent
Liabilities and Contingent
Assets
Disclosure of Accounting        These amendments require that entities disclose material accounting         We are currently assessing     Effective for annual reporting periods beginning on
Policies – Amendments to        policies, as defined, instead of significant accounting policies.           the impact of these            or after January 1, 2023. Early application is
IAS 1 – Presentation                                                                                        amendments on the              permitted.
of Financial Statements                                                                                     disclosure of our accounting
                                                                                                            policies.

120 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)


11           Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial
             measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)
BCE uses various financial measures to assess its business performance. Certain                  • Non-GAAP ratios;
of these measures are calculated in accordance with International Financial                      • Total of segments measures;
Reporting Standards (IFRS or GAAP) while certain other measures do not have a
standardized meaning under GAAP. We believe that our GAAP financial measures,                    • Capital management measures; and
read together with adjusted non-GAAP financial measures, provide readers with a                  • Supplementary financial measures.
better understanding of how management assesses BCE’s performance.
                                                                                                 This section provides a description and classification of the specified financial
National Instrument 52-112, Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure,                    measures contemplated by NI 52-112 that we use in this MD&A to explain our
prescribes disclosure requirements that apply to the following specified financial               financial results except that, for supplementary financial measures, an explanation of
measures:                                                                                        such measures is provided where they are first referred to in this MD&A if the
• Non-GAAP financial measures;                                                                   supplementary financial measures’ labelling is not sufficiently descriptive.




11.1 Non-GAAP financial measures
A non-GAAP financial measure is a financial measure used to depict our historical                that non-GAAP financial measures are more reflective of our on-going operating
or expected future financial performance, financial position or cash flow and, with              results and provide readers with a better understanding of management’s
respect to its composition, either excludes an amount that is included in, or                    perspective on and analysis of our performance.
includes an amount that is excluded from, the composition of the most directly
comparable financial measure disclosed in BCE’s consolidated primary financial                   Below are descriptions of the non-GAAP financial measures that we use in this
statements. We believe                                                                           MD&A to explain our results as well as reconciliations to the most comparable IFRS
                                                                                                 financial measures.



ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS
The term adjusted net earnings does not have any standardized meaning under                      of our businesses without the effects of severance, acquisition and other costs, net
IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by                mark-to-market losses (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity
other issuers.                                                                                   settled share-based compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on investments in
                                                                                                 associates and joint ventures, net losses (gains) on investments, early debt
We define adjusted net earnings as net earnings attributable to common                           redemption costs, impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net of tax and
shareholders before severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market                   NCI. We exclude these items because they affect the comparability of our financial
losses (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-                   results and could potentially distort the analysis of trends in business performance.
based compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on investments in associates                 Excluding these items does not imply they are non-recurring.
and joint ventures, net losses (gains) on investments, early debt redemption costs,
impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net of tax and NCI.                            The most directly comparable IFRS financial measure is net earnings attributable to
                                                                                                 common shareholders.
We use adjusted net earnings and we believe that certain investors and analysts
use this measure, among other ones, to assess the performance

The following table is a reconciliation of net earnings attributable to common shareholders to adjusted net earnings on a consolidated basis.
                                                                                                                       Q4 2021            Q4 2020               2021             2020

Net earnings attributable to common shareholders                                                                          625                889               2,709            2,498
Reconciling items:
   Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                  63                 52                209               116
   Net mark-to-market (gains) losses on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
      compensation plans                                                                                                  (57)                 1                (278)              51
   Net equity losses (gains) on investments in associates and joint ventures                                               35                  –                 49               (43)
   Net losses (gains) on investments                                                                                        6                  (3)                 6               (3)
   Early debt redemption costs                                                                                              –                 12                 53                50
   Impairment of assets                                                                                                    30                 12                197              472
   Income taxes for the above reconciling items                                                                             (9)              (21)                (48)            (185)
   NCI for the above reconciling items                                                                                      (1)                –                  (2)               –
   Net earnings from discontinued operations (net of income taxes)                                                          –               (211)                  –             (226)
Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                     692                731               2,895            2,730


                                                                                                                                                     BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 121
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)


ADJUSTED NET INTEREST EXPENSE
The term adjusted net interest expense does not have any standardized meaning             analysts use, the adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio, among
under IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures                other measures, to evaluate the financial health of the company.
presented by other issuers.
                                                                                          The most directly comparable IFRS financial measure is net interest expense. The
We define adjusted net interest expense as twelve-month trailing net interest             following table is a reconciliation of net interest expense to adjusted net interest
expense as shown in our consolidated statements of cash flows, plus 50% of                expense on a consolidated basis.
twelve-month trailing net earnings attributable to preferred shareholders as shown
                                                                                                                                                                           2021                   2020
in our consolidated income statements.
                                                                                          Net interest expense                                                           1,063                  1,087
We use adjusted net interest expense as a component in the calculation of the             50% of net earnings attributable to preferred
adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio, which is a capital                  shareholders                                                                    66                     68
management measure. For further details on the adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net
                                                                                          Adjusted net interest expense                                                  1,129                  1,155
interest expense ratio, see section 11.4 – Capital management measures. We use,
and believe that certain investors and


AVAILABLE LIQUIDITY
The term available liquidity does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS.           The following table is a reconciliation of cash to available liquidity on a consolidated
Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other         basis.
issuers.
                                                                                                                                                             DECEMBER 31, 2021      DECEMBER 31, 2020
We define available liquidity as cash, cash equivalents and amounts available             Cash                                                                             207                    224
under our securitized trade receivable program and our committed bank credit              Cash equivalents                                                                    –                      –
facilities.
                                                                                          Amounts available under our securitized trade
We consider available liquidity to be an important indicator of the financial strength      receivables program (1)                                                        400                    400
and performance of our businesses because it shows the funds available to meet            Amounts available under our committed bank credit
our cash requirements, including for, but not limited to, capital expenditures, post-       facilities (2)                                                               2,789                  3,151
employment benefit plans funding, dividend payments, the payment of contractual           Available liquidity                                                            3,396                  3,775
obligations, maturing debt, on-going operations, the acquisition of spectrum, and
other cash requirements. We believe that certain investors and analysts use               (1) At December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, $400 million was available under our
available liquidity to evaluate the financial strength and performance of our                 securitized trade receivables program, under which we borrowed $900 million and $1,050 million as at
                                                                                              December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. Loans secured by trade receivables are included
businesses. The most directly comparable IFRS financial measure is cash.                      in Debt due within one year in our consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                          (2) At December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, $2,789 million and $3,151 million were
                                                                                              available under our committed bank credit facilities, given outstanding commercial paper of $561 million in
                                                                                              U.S. dollars ($711 million in Canadian dollars) and $274 million in U.S. dollars ($349 million in Canadian
                                                                                              dollars) as at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. Commercial paper outstanding is
                                                                                              included in Debt due within one year in our consolidated financial statements.




FREE CASH FLOW AND EXCESS FREE CASH FLOW
The terms free cash flow and excess free cash flow do not have any standardized           We define excess free cash flow as free cash flow less dividends paid on common
meaning under IFRS. Therefore, they are unlikely to be comparable to similar              shares.
measures presented by other issuers.
                                                                                          We consider free cash flow and excess free cash flow to be important indicators of
We define free cash flow as cash flows from operating activities, excluding cash          the financial strength and performance of our businesses. Free cash flow shows how
from discontinued operations, acquisition and other costs paid (which include             much cash is available to pay dividends on common shares, repay debt and reinvest
significant litigation costs) and voluntary pension funding, less capital expenditures,   in our company. Excess free cash flow shows how much cash is available to repay
preferred share dividends and dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI. We exclude           debt and reinvest in our company, after the payment of dividends on common
cash from discontinued operations, acquisition and other costs paid and voluntary         shares. We believe that certain investors and analysts use free cash flow and
pension funding because they affect the comparability of our financial results and        excess free cash flow to value a business and its underlying assets and to evaluate
could potentially distort the analysis of trends in business performance. Excluding       the financial strength and performance of our businesses. The most directly
these items does not imply they are non-recurring.                                        comparable IFRS financial measure is cash flows from operating activities.


122 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)

The following table is a reconciliation of cash flows from operating activities to free cash flow and excess free cash flow on a consolidated basis.
                                                                                                                 Q4 2021           Q4 2020               2021                   2020

Cash flows from operating activities                                                                              1,743            1,631                8,008                 7,754
Capital expenditures                                                                                             (1,459)           (1,494)             (4,837)               (4,202)
Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                (32)           (31)               (125)                 (132)
Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to NCI                                                                             (45)           (16)                (86)                   (53)
Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                                       29               2                  35                    35
Cash from discontinued operations (included in cash flows from operating activities)                                     –              –                   –                    (54)
Free cash flow                                                                                                        236              92               2,995                 3,348
Dividends paid on common shares                                                                                       (795)          (753)             (3,132)               (2,975)
Excess free cash flow                                                                                                 (559)          (661)               (137)                  373



NET DEBT
The term net debt does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS.                      Net debt is calculated using several asset and liability categories from the
Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other         statements of financial position. The most directly comparable IFRS financial
issuers.                                                                                  measure is long-term debt. The following table is a reconciliation of long-term debt to
                                                                                          net debt on a consolidated basis.
We define net debt as debt due within one year plus long-term debt and 50% of
preferred shares, less cash and cash equivalents, as shown in BCE’s consolidated                                                                DECEMBER 31, 2021    DECEMBER 31, 2020
statements of financial position. We include 50% of outstanding preferred shares in        Long-term debt                                                27,048               23,906
our net debt as it is consistent with the treatment by certain credit rating agencies.     Debt due within one year                                       2,625                 2,417
We consider net debt to be an important indicator of the company’s financial               50% of outstanding preferred shares                            2,002                 2,002
leverage because it represents the amount of debt that is not covered by available         Cash                                                             (207)                (224)
cash and cash equivalents. We believe that certain investors and analysts use net          Cash equivalents                                                      –                     –
debt to determine a company’s financial leverage.
                                                                                           Net debt                                                      31,468               28,101




11.2 Non-GAAP ratios
A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure disclosed in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation and that has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or
more of its components.


ADJUSTED EPS
The term adjusted EPS does not have any standardized meaning under IFRS.                  We use adjusted EPS, and we believe that certain investors and analysts use this
Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other         measure, among other ones, to assess the performance of our businesses without
issuers.                                                                                  the effects of severance, acquisition and other costs, net mark-to-market losses
                                                                                          (gains) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-based
We define adjusted EPS as adjusted net earnings per BCE common share.                     compensation plans, net equity losses (gains) on investments in associates and joint
Adjusted net earnings is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further details on             ventures, net losses (gains) on investments, early debt redemption costs,
adjusted net earnings, see section 11.1 – Non-GAAP financial measures.                    impairment of assets and discontinued operations, net of tax and NCI. We exclude
                                                                                          these items because they affect the comparability of our financial results and could
                                                                                          potentially distort the analysis of trends in business performance. Excluding these
                                                                                          items does not imply they are non-recurring.

                                                                                                                                             BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 123
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)


DIVIDEND PAYOUT RATIO
The term dividend payout ratio does not have any standardized meaning under             measure. For further details on free cash flow, see section 11.1 – Non-GAAP
IFRS. Therefore, it is unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by       financial measures.
other issuers.
                                                                                        We consider dividend payout ratio to be an important indicator of the financial
We define dividend payout ratio as dividends paid on common shares divided by           strength and performance of our businesses because it shows the sustainability of
free cash flow. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial                                  the company’s dividend payments.



11.3 Total of segments measures
A total of segments measure is a financial measure that is a subtotal or total of 2 or more reportable segments and is disclosed within the Notes to BCE’s consolidated
primary financial statements.


ADJUSTED EBITDA
We define adjusted EBITDA as operating revenues less operating costs as shown in BCE’s consolidated income statements.
The most directly comparable IFRS financial measure is net earnings. The following table is a reconciliation of net earnings to adjusted EBITDA on a consolidated basis.
                                                                                                             Q4 2021           Q4 2020              2021               2020

Net earnings                                                                                                    658               932              2,892             2,699
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                           63                52               209                116
Depreciation                                                                                                    925               872              3,627             3,475
Amortization                                                                                                    251               233               982                929
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                                                             275               274              1,082             1,110
   Interest on post-employment benefit obligations                                                                5                11                20                    46
Impairment of assets                                                                                             30                12               197                472
Other (income) expense                                                                                          (26)               38               (160)              194
Income taxes                                                                                                    249               191              1,044               792
Net earnings from discontinued operations (net of income taxes)                                                   –              (211)                 –              (226)
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                              2,430              2,404              9,893             9,607




11.4 Capital management measures
A capital management measure is a financial measure that is intended to enable a        The financial reporting framework used to prepare the financial statements requires
reader to evaluate our objectives, policies and processes for managing our capital      disclosure that helps readers assess the company’s capital management objectives,
and is disclosed within the Notes to BCE’s consolidated financial statements.           policies, and processes, as set out in IFRS in IAS 1 – Presentation of Financial
                                                                                        Statements. BCE has its own methods for managing capital and liquidity, and IFRS
                                                                                        does not prescribe any particular calculation method.



ADJUSTED EBITDA TO ADJUSTED NET INTEREST EXPENSE RATIO
The adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio represents adjusted          in our consolidated statements of cash flows, plus 50% of twelve-month trailing net
EBITDA divided by adjusted net interest expense. For the purposes of calculating        earnings attributable to preferred shareholders as shown in our consolidated income
our adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio, adjusted EBITDA is          statements. For further details on adjusted net interest expense, see section 11.1,
twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted net interest expense used in the        Non-GAAP financial measures.
calculation of the adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio is a
non-GAAP financial measure defined as twelve-month trailing net interest expense        We use, and believe that certain investors and analysts use, the adjusted EBITDA to
as shown                                                                                adjusted net interest expense ratio, among other measures, to evaluate the financial
                                                                                        health of the company.


124 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
11 MD&A Non-GAAP financial measures, other financial measures and key performance indicators (KPIs)


NET DEBT LEVERAGE RATIO
The net debt leverage ratio represents net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA. Net                   We use, and believe that certain investors and analysts use, the net debt leverage
debt used in the calculation of the net debt leverage ratio is a non-GAAP financial               ratio as a measure of financial leverage.
measure. For further details on net debt, see section 11.1, Non-GAAP financial
measures. For the purposes of calculating our net debt leverage ratio, adjusted
EBITDA is twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA.




11.5 Supplementary financial measures
A supplementary financial measure is a financial measure that is not reported in                  An explanation of such measures is provided where they are first referred to in this
BCE’s consolidated financial statements, and is, or is intended to be, reported                   MD&A if the supplementary financial measures’ labelling is not sufficiently
periodically to represent historical or expected future financial performance,                    descriptive.
financial position, or cash flows.




11.6 KPIs
In addition to the non-GAAP financial measures and other financial measures described previously, we use the following KPIs to measure the success of our strategic
imperatives. These KPIs are not accounting measures and may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.

KPI                          DEFINITION
Adjusted EBITDA margin       Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by operating revenues.
ARPU                         Mobile phone blended ARPU is calculated by dividing wireless operating service revenues by the average mobile phone subscriber base for the specified period
                             and is expressed as a dollar unit per month.
Capital intensity            Capital intensity is defined as capital expenditures divided by operating revenues.
Churn                        Mobile phone churn is the rate at which existing mobile phone subscribers cancel their services. It is a measure of our ability to retain our customers. Mobile phone
                             churn is calculated by dividing the number of mobile phone deactivations during a given period by the average number of mobile phone subscribers in the base for
                             the specified period and is expressed as a percentage per month.
Subscriber unit              Wireless subscriber unit is comprised of an active revenue-generating unit (e.g. mobile device, tablet or wireless Internet products), with a unique identifier (typically
                             International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) number), that has access to our wireless networks. We report wireless subscriber units in two categories: postpaid
                             and prepaid. Prepaid subscriber units are considered active for a period of 90 days following the expiry of the subscriber’s prepaid balance.
                             Wireline subscriber unit consists of an active revenue-generating unit with access to our services, including retail Internet, satellite TV, IPTV, and/or NAS. A
                             subscriber is included in our subscriber base when the service has been installed and is operational at the customer premise and a billing relationship has been
                             established.
                             • Retail Internet, IPTV and satellite TV subscribers have access to stand-alone services, and are primarily represented by a dwelling unit
                             • Retail NAS subscribers are based on a line count and are represented by a unique telephone number

                                                                                                                                                            BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 125
12 MD&A Effectiveness of internal controls


12 Effectiveness of internal controls
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable             As at December 31, 2021, management evaluated, under the supervision of and
assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or         with the participation of the CEO and the CFO, the effectiveness of our disclosure
submitted under Canadian and U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed,             controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the U.S. Securities
summarized and reported within the time periods specified under those laws, and       Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and under National Instrument 52-109 –
include controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that the information is   Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings.
accumulated and communicated to management, including BCE’s President and
CEO and Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), to allow          Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls
timely decisions regarding required disclosure.                                       and procedures were effective as at December 31, 2021.




INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal          Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the
control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the U.S.         CEO and the CFO, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and under National Instrument            as at December 31, 2021, based on the criteria established in Internal Control –
52-109. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under     Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
the supervision of the CEO and CFO, and effected by the Board, management and         of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
other personnel of BCE, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external       Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our internal control over
purposes in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. However, because of its       financial reporting was effective as at December 31, 2021.
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements on a timely basis.


CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
No changes were made in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
126 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                     EXHIBIT 99.3


Consolidated financial statements
Management's responsibility for financial reporting
These financial statements form the basis for all of the financial information that appears in this annual report.
The financial statements and all of the information in this annual report are the responsibility of the management of BCE Inc.
(BCE) and have been reviewed and approved by the board of directors. The board of directors is responsible for ensuring that
management fulfills its financial reporting responsibilities. Deloitte LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, have
audited the financial statements.
Management has prepared the financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Under these principles, management has made certain estimates and
assumptions that are reflected in the financial statements and notes. Management believes that these financial statements fairly
present BCE’s consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
Management has a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements are
accurate and complete in all material respects. This is supported by an internal audit group that reports to the Audit Committee,
and includes communication with employees about policies for ethical business conduct. Management believes that the internal
controls provide reasonable assurance that our financial records are reliable and form a proper basis for preparing the financial
statements, and that our assets are properly accounted for and safeguarded.
The board of directors has appointed an Audit Committee, which is made up of unrelated and independent directors. The Audit
Committee’s responsibilities include reviewing the financial statements and other information in this annual report, and
recommending them to the board of directors for approval. You will find a description of the Audit Committee’s other
responsibilities on page 178 of this annual report. The internal auditors and the shareholders’ auditors have free and
independent access to the Audit Committee.


(signed) Mirko Bibic
President and Chief Executive Officer


(signed) Glen LeBlanc
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer


(signed) Thierry Chaumont
Senior Vice-President, Controller and Tax
March 3, 2022
Report of independent registered public accounting firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BCE Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of BCE Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company")
as at December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated income statements, statements of comprehensive income, changes
in equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2021 and 2020, and its financial performance and its cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission and our report dated March 3, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over
financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to
error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and
we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the
accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Bell Media Group - Refer to Notes 7, 19 and 22 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets (specifically broadcast licenses) for the Bell Media group of cash generating units
(“Bell Media”) are tested annually or when there is an indication that the asset may be impaired. During the second quarter of
2021, Bell Media identified declines in radio advertising revenue and increase in discount rates as indicators that certain assets
may be impaired. As a result of the second quarter and annual assessments of impairment of goodwill and intangible assets for
Bell Media, management has determined that there was no impairment of goodwill and there was an impairment for intangible
assets.

When testing goodwill and intangible assets for Bell Media, while there are several assumptions that are required to determine
the recoverable amount, the judgments with the highest degree of subjectivity and impact, are the forecasts of future operating
performance, and the determination of discount rates and perpetuity growth rates.
Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the recoverable amounts of Bell Media, resulting in an
impairment charge to goodwill and/or intangible assets as required. Given the significant judgments made by management,
regarding the forecasts of future operating performance, determination of discount rates and perpetuity growth rates, a high
degree of auditor judgment was required and resulted in an increased extent of audit effort, which included the need to involve
fair value specialists.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to forecasts of future operating performance, the determination of discount rates and perpetuity
growth rates used by management to determine the recoverable amounts for Bell Media included the following, among others:
•   Evaluated the effectiveness of controls over the assessment of goodwill and intangible assets for impairment, including those
    over the forecasts of future operating performance and the determination of the discount rates and perpetuity growth rates.
•   Evaluated management’s ability to accurately forecast future operating performance by comparing actual results to
    management’s historical forecasts.
•   Evaluated the reasonableness of management’s forecasts of future operating performance by comparing the forecasts to:
        • Historical operating performance;
        • Analyst and industry reports for the Company and certain of its peer companies, and other relevant publicly available
            information;
        • Known changes in Bell Media’s operations or the industry in which it operates, including the impact of the COVID-19
            pandemic and anticipated recovery, which are expected to impact future operating performance;
        • Internal communications to management and the Board of Directors.
•   With the assistance of fair value specialists, evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) discount rates, and (2) perpetuity
    growth rates by:
        • Testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rates;
        • Reviewing relevant internal and external information, including analyst and industry reports, to assess the
            reasonability of the selected discount rates and perpetuity growth rates;
        • Developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates and perpetuity growth rates
            selected by management.




/s/ Deloitte LLP

Chartered Professional Accountants
Montréal, Canada
March 3, 2022

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1880.
Consolidated income statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)                       NOTE        2021       2020
Operating revenues                                                                 3    23,449     22,883
Operating costs                                                              3,    4   (13,556)   (13,276)
Severance, acquisition and other costs                                             5      (209)      (116)
Depreciation                                                                      17    (3,627)    (3,475)
Amortization                                                                      19      (982)      (929)
Finance costs
   Interest expense                                                               6     (1,082)    (1,110)
   Interest on post-employment benefit obligations                               27        (20)       (46)
Impairment of assets                                                      7, 17, 19       (197)      (472)
Other income (expense)                                                            8        160       (194)
Income taxes                                                                      9     (1,044)      (792)
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                  2,892      2,473
Net earnings from discontinued operations                                         37        —         226
Net earnings                                                                             2,892      2,699
Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to:
  Common shareholders                                                                    2,709      2,272
  Preferred shareholders                                                                   131         136
  Non-controlling interest                                                                  52          65
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                  2,892      2,473


Net earnings attributable to:
  Common shareholders                                                                    2,709      2,498
  Preferred shareholders                                                                   131        136
  Non-controlling interest                                                        36        52         65
Net earnings                                                                             2,892      2,699
Net earnings per common share - basic and diluted                                 10
  Continuing operations                                                                   2.99       2.51
  Discontinued operations                                                         37        —        0.25
Net earnings per common share - basic and diluted                                         2.99       2.76
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic (millions)                  906.3      904.3
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)                                                                    NOTE    2021    2020
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                     2,892   2,473
Other comprehensive income from continuing operations, net of income taxes
  Items that will be subsequently reclassified to net earnings
     Net change in value of publicly-traded and privately-held investments, net of income taxes of
       nil for 2021 and 2020                                                                                  24      (15)
     Net change in value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, net of income taxes of
       ($23) million and $12 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively                                          63      (33)
  Items that will not be reclassified to net earnings
      Actuarial gains on post-employment benefit plans, net of income taxes of ($653) million and
        ($184) million for 2021 and 2020, respectively                                                 27   1,780    503
      Net change in value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, net of income taxes of
        ($1) million and nil for 2021 and 2020, respectively                                                    4      (1)
Other comprehensive income from continuing operations                                                       1,871     454
Net earnings from discontinued operations attributable to common shareholders                                  —      226
Total comprehensive income                                                                                  4,763   3,153
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
 Common shareholders                                                                                        4,578   2,953
 Preferred shareholders                                                                                       131     136
 Non-controlling interest                                                                              36      54      64
Total comprehensive income                                                                                  4,763   3,153
Consolidated statements of financial position
                                                        December 31,    December 31,
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)                NOTE          2021            2020
ASSETS
Current assets
   Cash                                                          207            224
   Trade and other receivables                     11          3,949          3,528
   Inventory                                       12            482            439
   Contract assets                                13             414            687
   Contract costs                                 14             507            402
   Prepaid expenses                                              254            209
   Other current assets                            15            335            199
   Assets held for sale                            16             50             —
Total current assets                                           6,198          5,688
Non-current assets
  Contract assets                                 13             251            256
  Contract costs                                  14             387            362
  Property, plant and equipment                   17          28,235         27,513
  Intangible assets                                19         15,570         13,102
  Deferred tax assets                               9            105            106
  Investments in associates and joint ventures     20            668            756
  Post-employment benefit assets                   27          3,472          1,277
  Other non-current assets                        21           1,306          1,001
  Goodwill                                         22         10,572         10,604
Total non-current assets                                      60,566         54,977
Total assets                                                  66,764         60,665
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
   Trade payables and other liabilities            23          4,455          3,935
   Contract liabilities                            13            799            717
   Interest payable                                              247            222
   Dividends payable                                             811            766
   Current tax liabilities                                       141            214
   Debt due within one year                        24          2,625          2,417
   Liabilities held for sale                       16             35             —
Total current liabilities                                      9,113          8,271
Non-current liabilities
  Contract liabilities                             13            246            242
  Long-term debt                                   25         27,048         23,906
  Deferred tax liabilities                          9          4,679          3,810
  Post-employment benefit obligations              27          1,734          1,962
  Other non-current liabilities                    28          1,003          1,145
Total non-current liabilities                                 34,710         31,065
Total liabilities                                             43,823         39,336
Commitments and contingencies                      34
EQUITY
Equity attributable to BCE shareholders
   Preferred shares                                30          4,003          4,003
   Common shares                                   30         20,662         20,390
   Contributed surplus                             30          1,157          1,174
   Accumulated other comprehensive income                        213            103
   Deficit                                                    (3,400)        (4,681)
Total equity attributable to BCE shareholders                 22,635         20,989
Non-controlling interest                           36            306            340
Total equity                                                  22,941         21,329
Total liabilities and equity                                  66,764         60,665
Consolidated statements of changes in equity
                                                       ATTRIBUTABLE TO BCE SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                              ACCUM-
                                                                              ULATED
                                                                               OTHER                        NON-
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                                   CONTRI-    COMPRE-                      CONTR-
2021 (IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN                 PREFERRED COMMON      BUTED    HENSIVE                      OLLING     TOTAL
DOLLARS)                                 NOTE    SHARES SHARES SURPLUS        INCOME DEFICIT      TOTAL INTEREST    EQUITY
Balance at December 31, 2020                        4,003    20,390   1,174      103    (4,681)   20,989     340    21,329
Net earnings                                           —         —       —        —      2,840     2,840      52     2,892
Other comprehensive income from
continuing operations                                  —         —       —        90     1,779     1,869       2     1,871
Total comprehensive income                             —         —       —        90     4,619     4,709      54     4,763
Common shares issued under
   employee stock option plan               30         —       272      (10)      —         —        262      —       262
Other share-based compensation              30         —        —        (7)      —        (32)      (39)     —       (39)
Dividends declared on BCE common
  and preferred shares                                 —         —       —        —     (3,306)   (3,306)     —     (3,306)
Dividends declared by subsidiaries
  to non-controlling interest                          —         —       —        —         —         —      (87)      (87)
Settlement of cash flow hedges
  transferred to the cost basis of
  hedged items                                         —         —       —        20        —         20      —         20
Other                                                  —         —       —        —         —         —       (1)       (1)
Balance at December 31, 2021                        4,003    20,662   1,157      213    (3,400)   22,635     306    22,941

                                                   ATTRIBUTABLE TO BCE SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                        ACCUMU-
                                                                            LATED
                                                                           OTHER                            NON-
                                                               CONTRI- COMPRE-                            CONTR-
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020      PREFERRED COMMON      BUTED    HENSIVE                          OLLING     TOTAL
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)    NOTE    SHARES SHARES SURPLUS        INCOME DEFICIT          TOTAL INTEREST    EQUITY
Balance at December 31, 2019                        4,004    20,363   1,178      161    (4,632)   21,074    334     21,408
Net earnings                                           —         —       —        —      2,634     2,634     65      2,699
Other comprehensive (loss) income from
continuing operations                                  —         —       —       (48)     503        455     (1)       454
Total comprehensive (loss) income                      —         —       —       (48)   3,137      3,089     64      3,153
Common shares issued under
   employee stock option plan               30         —        27       (1)      —         —         26     —          26
Other share-based compensation              30         —        —        (3)      —        (35)      (38)    —         (38)
Repurchase of preferred shares              30         (1)      —        —        —         —         (1)    —          (1)
Dividends declared on BCE
   common and preferred shares                         —         —       —        —     (3,147)   (3,147)    —      (3,147)
Dividends declared by subsidiaries
    to non-controlling interest                        —         —       —        —         —         —     (53)       (53)
Settlement of cash flow hedges
  transferred to the cost basis of
  hedged items                                         —         —       —       (10)       —        (10)    —         (10)
Other                                                  —         —       —        —         (4)       (4)    (5)        (9)
Balance at December 31, 2020                        4,003    20,390   1,174      103    (4,681)   20,989    340     21,329
Consolidated statements of cash flows
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
(IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS)                                                                            NOTE       2021      2020
Cash flows from operating activities
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                               2,892     2,473
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings from continuing operations to cash flows from operating activities
   Severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                         5      209       116
   Depreciation and amortization                                                                           17,   19    4,609     4,404
   Post-employment benefit plans cost                                                                            27      286       315
   Net interest expense                                                                                                1,063     1,087
   Impairment of assets                                                                                           7      197       472
   Losses (gains) on investments                                                                                  8        6        (3)
   Income taxes                                                                                                   9    1,044       792
   Contributions to post-employment benefit plans                                                                27     (282)     (297)
   Payments under other post-employment benefit plans                                                            27      (65)      (61)
   Severance and other costs paid                                                                                       (208)      (78)
   Interest paid                                                                                                      (1,080)   (1,112)
   Income taxes paid (net of refunds)                                                                                   (913)     (846)
   Acquisition and other costs paid                                                                                      (35)      (35)
   Change in contract assets                                                                                     13      278       704
   Change in wireless device financing plan receivables                                                          11     (365)     (867)
   Net change in operating assets and liabilities                                                                        372       636
   Cash from discontinued operations                                                                             37       —         54
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                  8,008     7,754
Cash flows used in investing activities
  Capital expenditures                                                                                            3   (4,837)   (4,202)
  Business acquisitions                                                                                                  (12)      (65)
  Acquisition of spectrum licences                                                                               19   (2,082)      (86)
  Other investing activities                                                                                             (72)      (79)
  Cash from discontinued operations                                                                              37       —        892
Cash flows used in investing activities                                                                               (7,003)   (3,540)
Cash flows used in financing activities
  Increase (decrease) in notes payable                                                                                   351    (1,641)
  Decrease in securitized trade receivables                                                                      24     (150)       —
  Issue of long-term debt                                                                                        25    4,985     6,006
  Repayment of long-term debt                                                                                    25   (2,751)   (5,003)
  Issue of common shares                                                                                         30      261        26
  Purchase of shares for settlement of share-based payments                                                      31     (297)     (263)
  Cash dividends paid on common shares                                                                                (3,132)   (2,975)
  Cash dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                               (125)     (132)
  Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest                                                        (86)      (53)
  Other financing activities                                                                                             (78)      (93)
  Cash used in discontinued operations                                                                           37       —         (7)
Cash flows used in financing activities                                                                               (1,022)   (4,135)
Net (decrease) increase in cash                                                                                          (17)       83
Cash at beginning of year                                                                                                224       141
Cash at end of year                                                                                                     207       224
Net decrease in cash equivalents                                                                                          —         (4)
Cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                                                     —          4
Cash equivalents at end of year                                                                                           —         —
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
We, us, our, BCE and the company mean, as the context may require, either BCE Inc. or, collectively, BCE Inc., Bell
Canada, their subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates.



Note 1               Corporate information
BCE is incorporated and domiciled in Canada. BCE’s head office is located at 1, Carrefour Alexander-Graham-Bell, Verdun,
Québec, Canada. BCE is a telecommunications and media company providing wireless, wireline, Internet and television (TV)
services to residential, business and wholesale customers in Canada. Our Bell Media segment provides conventional TV,
specialty TV, pay TV, streaming services, digital media services, radio broadcasting services and out-of-home (OOH) advertising
services to customers in Canada. The consolidated financial statements (financial statements) were approved by BCE’s board of
directors on March 3, 2022.



Note 2               Significant accounting policies
A) Basis of presentation
The financial statements were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except
for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value as described in our accounting policies.

All amounts are in millions of Canadian dollars, except where noted.

FUNCTIONAL CURRENCY

The financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, the company’s functional currency.


B) Basis of consolidation

We consolidate the financial statements of all of our subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities we control, where control is achieved
when the company is exposed or has the right to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the current
ability to direct the activities of the investee that significantly affect the investee’s returns.
The results of subsidiaries acquired during the year are consolidated from the date of acquisition and the results of subsidiaries
sold during the year are deconsolidated from the date of disposal. Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial
statements of acquired subsidiaries to conform their accounting policies to ours. All intercompany transactions, balances, income
and expenses are eliminated on consolidation.
Changes in our ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions,
with no effect on net earnings or on Other comprehensive income from continuing operations. Any difference between the
change in the carrying amount of non-controlling interest (NCI) and the consideration paid or received is attributed to owner’s
equity.


C) Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue is measured based on the value of the expected consideration in a contract with a customer and excludes sales taxes
and other amounts we collect on behalf of third parties. We recognize revenue when control of a product or service is transferred
to a customer. When our right to consideration from a customer corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the
products and services transferred to date, we recognize revenue in the amount to which we have a right to invoice.
For bundled arrangements, we account for individual products and services when they are separately identifiable and the
customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or with other readily available resources. The total arrangement
consideration is allocated to each product or service included in the contract with the customer based on its stand-alone selling
price. We generally determine stand-alone selling prices based on the observable prices at which we sell products separately
without a service contract and prices for non-bundled service offers with the same range of services, adjusted for market
conditions and other factors, as appropriate. When similar products and services are not sold separately, we use the expected
cost plus margin approach to determine stand-alone selling prices. Products and services purchased by a customer in excess of
those included in the bundled arrangement are accounted for separately.

We may enter into arrangements with subcontractors and others who provide services to our customers. When we act as the
principal in these arrangements, we recognize revenues based on the amounts billed to our customers. Otherwise, we recognize
the net amount that we retain as revenues.

A contract asset is recognized in the consolidated statements of financial position (statements of financial position) when our
right to consideration from the transfer of products or services to a customer is conditional on our obligation to transfer other
products or services. Contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when our right to consideration becomes conditional
only as to the passage of time. A contract liability is recognized in the statements of financial position when we receive
consideration in advance of the transfer of products or services to the customer. Contract assets and liabilities relating to the
same contract are presented on a net basis.

Incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer, principally comprised of sales commissions, and prepaid contract
fulfillment costs are included in contract costs in the statements of financial position, except where the amortization period is one
year or less, in which case costs of obtaining a contract are immediately expensed. Capitalized costs are amortized on a
systematic basis that is consistent with the period and pattern of transfer to the customer of the related products or services.

WIRELESS SEGMENT REVENUES

Our Wireless segment principally generates revenue from providing integrated digital wireless voice and data communications
products and services to residential and business customers.

We recognize product revenues from the sale of wireless handsets and devices when a customer takes possession of the
product. We recognize wireless service revenues over time, as the services are provided. For bundled arrangements, stand-
alone selling prices are determined using observable prices adjusted for market conditions and other factors, as appropriate.

For wireless products and services that are sold separately, customers usually pay in full at the point of sale for products and on
a monthly basis for services. For wireless products and services sold in bundled arrangements, including device financing plans,
customers pay monthly over a contract term of up to 24 months for residential customers and up to 36 months for business
customers. If they include a significant financing component, device financing plan receivables are discounted at market rates
and interest revenue is accreted over the contractual repayment period.

WIRELINE SEGMENT REVENUES

Our Wireline segment principally generates revenue from providing data, including Internet access and Internet protocol
television (IPTV), local telephone, long distance, satellite TV service and connectivity, as well as other communications services
and products to residential and business customers. Our Wireline segment also includes revenues from our wholesale business,
which buys and sells local telephone, long distance, data and other services from or to resellers and other carriers.

We recognize product revenues from the sale of wireline equipment when a customer takes possession of the product. We
recognize service revenues over time, as the services are provided. Revenues on certain long-term contracts are recognized
using output methods based on products delivered, performance completed to date, time elapsed or milestones met. For bundled
arrangements, stand-alone selling prices are determined using observable
prices adjusted for market conditions and other factors, as appropriate, or the expected cost plus margin approach for
customized business arrangements.

For wireline customers, products are usually paid in full at the point of sale. Services are paid for on a monthly basis except
where a billing schedule has been established with certain business customers under long-term contracts that can generally
extend up to seven years.

MEDIA SEGMENT REVENUES

Our Media segment principally generates revenue from conventional TV, specialty TV, digital media, radio broadcasting and
OOH advertising and subscriber fees from specialty TV, pay TV and streaming services.

We recognize advertising revenue when advertisements are aired on the radio or TV, posted on our websites or appear on our
advertising panels and street furniture. Revenues relating to subscriber fees are recorded on a monthly basis as the services are
provided. Customer payments are due monthly as the services are provided.



D) Share-based payments
Our share-based payment arrangements include an employee savings plan (ESP), restricted share units (RSUs) and
performance share units (PSUs), deferred share units (DSUs) and stock options.

ESP

We recognize our ESP contributions as compensation expense in Operating costs in the consolidated income statements
(income statements). The value of an ESP at the grant date is equal to the value of one BCE common share. We credit
contributed surplus for the ESP expense recognized over the two-year vesting period, based on management’s estimate of the
accrued employer contributions that are expected to vest. Upon settlement of shares under the ESP, any difference between the
cost of shares purchased on the open market and the amount credited to contributed surplus is reflected in the deficit.

RSUs/PSUs

For each RSU/PSU granted, we recognize compensation expense in Operating costs in the income statements based on the
number of RSUs/PSUs expected to vest, recognized over the term of the vesting period, with a corresponding credit to
contributed surplus. The value of a RSU at the grant date is equal to the value of one BCE common share. The value of a PSU at
the grant date is equal to the value of one BCE common share or the value estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation for PSUs
that include relative total shareholder return as a performance condition. Additional RSUs/PSUs are issued to reflect dividends
declared on the common shares.

Compensation expense is adjusted for subsequent changes in management’s estimate of the number of RSUs/PSUs that are
expected to vest. The effect of these changes is recognized in the period of the change. Upon settlement of the RSUs/PSUs, any
difference between the cost of shares purchased on the open market and the amount credited to contributed surplus is reflected
in the deficit. Vested RSUs/PSUs are settled in BCE common shares, DSUs, or a combination thereof.

DSUs

If compensation is elected to be taken in DSUs, we issue DSUs equal to the fair value of the services received. Additional DSUs
are issued to reflect dividends declared on the common shares. DSUs are settled in BCE common shares purchased on the
open market following the cessation of employment or when a director leaves the board. We credit contributed surplus for the fair
value of DSUs at the issue date. Upon settlement of the DSUs, any difference between the cost of shares purchased on the open
market and the amount credited to contributed surplus is reflected in the deficit.
STOCK OPTIONS

We use a fair value-based method to measure the cost of our employee stock options. The fair value of options granted is
determined using a variation of a binomial option pricing model that takes into account factors specific to the stock option plan.
We recognize compensation expense in Operating costs in the income statements, based on the number of stock options that
are expected to vest. Compensation expense is adjusted for subsequent changes in management’s estimate of the number of
stock options that are expected to vest.

We credit contributed surplus for stock option expense recognized over the vesting period. When stock options are exercised, we
credit share capital for the amount received and the amounts previously credited to contributed surplus.


E) Income and other taxes

Current and deferred income tax expense is recognized in the income statements, except to the extent that the expense relates
to items recognized in Other comprehensive income from continuing operations or directly in equity.

A current or non-current tax asset (liability) is the estimated tax receivable (payable) on taxable earnings (loss) for the current or
past periods.

We use the liability method to account for deferred tax assets and liabilities, which arise from:

    •   temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities recognized in the statements of financial
        position and their corresponding tax bases
    •   the carryforward of unused tax losses and credits, to the extent they can be used in the future

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply when the asset or liability is recovered
or settled. Both our current and deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Deferred taxes are provided on temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, joint arrangements and
associates, except where we control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary
difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Tax liabilities are, where permitted, offset against tax assets within the same taxable entity and tax jurisdiction.

INVESTMENT TAX CREDITS (ITCs), OTHER TAX CREDITS AND GOVERNMENT GRANTS
We recognize ITCs, other tax credits and government grants given on eligible expenditures when it is reasonably assured that
they will be realized. They are presented as part of Trade and other receivables and Other current assets in the statements of
financial position when they are expected to be utilized in the next year. We use the cost reduction method to account for ITCs
and government grants, under which the credits are applied against the expense or asset to which the ITC or government grant
relates.
F) Cash equivalents
Cash equivalents are comprised of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less from the date of
purchase and are measured at amortized cost.


G) Securitization of trade receivables

Proceeds on the securitization of trade receivables are recognized as a collateralized borrowing as we do not transfer control and
substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to another entity.


H) Inventory

We measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Inventory includes all costs to purchase, convert and bring
the inventories to their present location and condition. We determine cost using specific identification for major equipment held
for resale and the weighted average cost formula for all other inventory. We maintain inventory valuation reserves for inventory
that is slow-moving or potentially obsolete, calculated using an inventory aging analysis.


I) Property, plant and equipment

We record property, plant and equipment at historical cost. Historical cost includes expenditures that are attributable directly to
the acquisition or construction of the asset, including the purchase cost, and labour.

Borrowing costs are capitalized for qualifying assets, if the time to build or develop is in excess of one year, at a rate that is
based on our weighted average interest rate on outstanding long-term debt. Gains or losses on the sale or retirement of property,
plant and equipment are recorded in Other income (expense) in the income statements.

LEASES

We enter into leases for network infrastructure and equipment, land and buildings in the normal course of business. Lease
contracts are typically made for fixed periods but may include purchase, renewal or termination options. Leases are negotiated
on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.

We adopted IFRS 16 - Leases as of January 1, 2019. Certain finance leases entered into prior to 2019 were initially measured
under IAS 17 - Leases, as permitted by the transition provisions of IFRS 16.

IFRS 16

We assess whether a contract contains a lease at inception of the contract. A lease contract conveys the right to control the use
of an identified asset for a period in exchange for consideration. We recognize lease liabilities with corresponding right-of-use
assets for all lease agreements, except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets, which are expensed on a straight-
line basis over the lease term. Consideration in a contract is allocated to lease and non-lease components on a relative stand-
alone value basis. We generally account for lease components and any associated non-lease components as a single lease
component.
Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date,
discounted using our incremental borrowing rate, unless the rate implicit in the lease is readily determinable. We apply a single
incremental borrowing rate to a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics. Lease payments included in the measurement of
the lease liability comprise:

    •    fixed (and in-substance fixed) lease payments, less any lease incentives
    •    variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate
    •    payments expected under residual value guarantees and payments relating to purchase options and renewal option
         periods that are reasonably certain to be exercised (or periods subject to termination options that are not reasonably
         certain to be exercised)

Lease liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Lease liabilities are
remeasured, with a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets, when there is a change in variable lease
payments arising from a change in an index or rate, or when we change our assessment of whether purchase, renewal or
termination options will be exercised.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, and are comprised of the initial measurement of the corresponding lease liabilities,
lease payments made at or before the commencement date and any initial direct costs. They are subsequently depreciated on a
straight-line basis and reduced by impairment losses, if any. Right-of-use assets may also be adjusted to reflect the
remeasurement of related lease liabilities. If we obtain ownership of the leased asset by the end of the lease term or the cost of
the right-of-use asset reflects the exercise of a purchase option, we depreciate the right-of-use asset from the lease
commencement date to the end of the useful life of the underlying asset. Otherwise, we depreciate the right-of-use asset from
the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the underlying asset or the end of the lease term.

Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-
of-use assets. The related payments are expensed in Operating costs in the period in which the event or condition that triggers
those payments occurs.

IAS 17

Under IAS 17, leases of property, plant and equipment are recognized as finance leases when we obtain substantially all the
risks and rewards of ownership of the underlying assets. At the inception of the lease, we record an asset together with a
corresponding long-term lease liability, at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset or the present value of the minimum
future lease payments, excluding non-lease components.


ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS (AROs)

We initially measure and record AROs at management’s best estimate using a present value methodology, adjusted
subsequently for any changes in the timing or amount of cash flows and changes in discount rates. We capitalize asset
retirement costs as part of the related assets and amortize them into earnings over time. We also increase the ARO and record a
corresponding amount in interest expense to reflect the passage of time.
J) Intangible assets
FINITE-LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Finite-life intangible assets are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

SOFTWARE

We record internal-use software at historical cost. Cost includes expenditures that are attributable directly to the acquisition or
development of the software, including the purchase cost and labour.

Software development costs are capitalized when all the following conditions are met:

    •   technical feasibility can be demonstrated
    •   management has the intent and the ability to complete the asset for use or sale
    •   it is probable that economic benefits will be generated
    •   costs attributable to the asset can be measured reliably

CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS

Customer relationship assets are acquired through business combinations and are recorded at fair value at the date of
acquisition.

PROGRAM AND FEATURE FILM RIGHTS

We account for program and feature film rights as intangible assets when these assets are acquired for the purpose of
broadcasting. Program and feature film rights, which include producer advances and licence fees paid in advance of receipt of
the program or film, are stated at acquisition cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
Programs and feature films under licence agreements are recorded as assets for rights acquired and liabilities for obligations
incurred when:

    •   we receive a broadcast master and the cost is known or reasonably determinable for new program and feature film
        licences; or
    •   the licence term commences for licence period extensions or syndicated programs

Related liabilities of programs and feature films are classified as current or non-current, based on the payment terms.
Amortization of program and feature film rights is recorded in Operating costs in the income statements.

INDEFINITE-LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Brand assets, mainly comprised of the Bell, Bell Media and Bell MTS brands, and broadcast licences are acquired through
business combinations and are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition, less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
Wireless spectrum licences are recorded at acquisition cost, including borrowing costs when the time to build or develop the
related network is in excess of one year. Borrowing costs are calculated at a rate that is based on our weighted average interest
rate on outstanding long-term debt.

Currently, there are no legal, regulatory, competitive or other factors that limit the useful lives of our brands or spectrum licences.
K) Depreciation and amortization
We depreciate property, plant and equipment and amortize finite-life intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their estimated
useful lives. We review our estimates of useful lives on an annual basis and adjust depreciation and amortization on a
prospective basis, as required. Land and assets under construction or development are not depreciated.

                                                                                                                  ESTIMATED USEFUL LIFE

Property, plant and equipment
  Network infrastructure and equipment
                                                                                                                          2 to 50 years
  Buildings
                                                                                                                          5 to 50 years
Finite-life intangible assets
  Software
                                                                                                                          2 to 12 years
  Customer relationships
                                                                                                                          2 to 26 years
  Program and feature film rights
                                                                                                                          Up to 5 years



L) Investments in associates and joint arrangements

Our financial statements incorporate our share of the results of our associates and joint ventures using the equity method of
accounting, except when the investment is classified as held for sale. Equity income from investments is recorded in Other
income (expense) in the income statements.
Investments in associates and joint ventures are recognized initially at cost and adjusted thereafter to include the company’s
share of income or loss and comprehensive income or loss on an after-tax basis.
Investments are reviewed for impairment at each reporting period and we compare their recoverable amount to their carrying
amount when there is an indication of impairment.
We recognize our share of the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of joint operations in accordance with the related
contractual agreements.

M) Business combinations and goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination
is measured at fair value at the date of acquisition. Acquisition-related transaction costs are expensed as incurred and recorded
in Severance, acquisition and other costs in the income statements.

Identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, of acquired businesses are recorded at their fair values at the date
of acquisition. When we acquire control of a business, any previously-held equity interest is remeasured to fair value and any
gain or loss on remeasurement is recognized in Other income (expense) in the income statements. The excess of the purchase
consideration and any previously-held equity interest over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as
Goodwill in the statements of financial position. If the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired exceeds the purchase
consideration and any previously-held equity interest, the difference is recognized in Other income (expense) in the income
statements immediately as a bargain purchase gain.
N) Impairment of non-financial assets
Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually or when there is an indication that the asset may
be impaired. Property, plant and equipment and finite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment if events or changes in
circumstances, assessed at each reporting period, indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. For the purpose of
impairment testing, assets other than goodwill are grouped at the lowest level for which there are separately identifiable cash
inflows.

Impairment losses are recognized and measured as the excess of the carrying value of the assets over their recoverable
amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Previously
recognized impairment losses, other than those attributable to goodwill, are reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date
and, if the asset’s recoverable amount has increased, all or a portion of the impairment is reversed.

GOODWILL IMPAIRMENT TESTING

We perform an annual test for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter for each of our cash generating units (CGUs) or groups
of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated, and whenever there is an indication that goodwill might be impaired.

A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are independent of the cash inflows from
other assets or groups of assets.

We identify any potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of a CGU or group of CGUs to its recoverable amount. The
recoverable amount of a CGU or group of CGUs is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Both fair
value less costs of disposal and value in use are based on estimates of discounted future cash flows or other valuation methods.
Cash flows are projected based on past experience, actual operating results and business plans. When the recoverable amount
of a CGU or group of CGUs is less than its carrying value, the recoverable amount is determined for its identifiable assets and
liabilities. The excess of the recoverable amount of the CGU or group of CGUs over the total of the amounts assigned to its
assets and liabilities is the recoverable amount of goodwill.

An impairment charge is recognized in the income statements for any excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its
recoverable amount. For purposes of impairment testing of goodwill, our CGUs or groups of CGUs correspond to our reporting
segments as disclosed in Note 3, Segmented information.


O) Financial instruments and contract assets

We measure trade and other receivables, including wireless device financing plan receivables, at amortized cost using the
effective interest method, net of any allowance for doubtful accounts.

Our portfolio investments in equity securities are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income and are presented
in our statements of financial position as Other non-current assets. These securities are recorded at fair value on the date of
acquisition, including related transaction costs, and are adjusted to fair value at each reporting date. The corresponding
unrealized gains and losses are recorded in Other comprehensive income from continuing operations in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income) and are reclassified from Accumulated other
comprehensive income to the deficit in the statements of financial position when realized.

Other financial liabilities, which include trade payables and accruals, compensation payable, obligations imposed by the
Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC), interest payable and long-term debt, are recorded at
amortized cost using the effective interest method.
We measure the allowance for doubtful accounts and impairment of contract assets based on an expected credit loss (ECL)
model, which takes into account current economic conditions, historical information, and forward-looking information. We use the
simplified approach for measuring losses based on the lifetime ECL for trade and other receivables and contract assets.
Amounts considered uncollectible are written off and recognized in Operating costs in the income statements.

The cost of issuing debt is included as part of long-term debt and is accounted for at amortized cost using the effective interest
method. The cost of issuing equity is reflected in the consolidated statements of changes in equity as a charge to the deficit.


P) Derivative financial instruments

We use derivative financial instruments to manage risks related to changes in interest rates, foreign currency rates, commodity
prices and cash flow exposures related to share-based payment plans, capital expenditures, long-term debt instruments and
operating revenues and expenses. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.

Derivatives that mature within one year are included in Other current assets or Trade payables and other liabilities in the
statements of financial position, whereas derivatives that have a maturity of more than one year are included in Other non-
current assets or Other non-current liabilities.

HEDGE ACCOUNTING

To qualify for hedge accounting, we document the relationship between the derivative and the related identified risk exposure,
and our risk management objective and strategy. This includes associating each derivative to a specific asset or liability,
commitment, or anticipated transaction.

We assess the effectiveness of a derivative in managing an identified risk exposure when hedge accounting is initially applied,
and on an ongoing basis thereafter. If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the qualifying criteria, we discontinue hedge
accounting prospectively.

FAIR VALUE HEDGES

We use cross currency interest rate swaps to manage foreign currency and interest rate risk on certain U.S. dollar long-term
debt. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives and the related debt are recognized in Other income (expense) in the income
statements and offset each other, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging relationship.

CASH FLOW HEDGES

We use foreign currency forward contracts and options to manage foreign currency risk relating to anticipated purchases
denominated in foreign currencies. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our statements of
comprehensive income, except for any ineffective portion of the hedging relationship, which is recognized in Other income
(expense) in the income statements. Realized gains and losses in Accumulated other comprehensive income are reclassified to
the income statements or to the initial cost of the non-financial asset in the same periods as the corresponding hedged
transactions are recognized.

We use foreign currency forward contracts to manage foreign currency risk relating to our U.S. dollar debt under our committed
credit facilities and commercial paper program. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in Other income
(expense) in the income statements and offset the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt, except for any
portion of the hedging relationship which is ineffective.

We use cross currency interest rate swaps to manage foreign currency and interest rate risk related to certain U.S. dollar long-
term debt. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our statements of comprehensive income, except for
amounts recorded in Other income (expense) in the income statements to offset
the foreign currency translation adjustment on the related debt and any portion of the hedging relationship which is ineffective.


We use forward starting interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk related to certain future debt issuances. Changes in the
fair value of these derivatives are recognized in our statements of comprehensive income, except for any ineffective portion of
the hedging relationship, which is recognized in Other income (expense) in the income statements. Realized gains and losses in
Accumulated other comprehensive income are reclassified to Interest expense in the income statements over the term of the
related debt.

DERIVATIVES USED AS ECONOMIC HEDGES

We use derivatives to manage cash flow exposures related to equity settled share-based payment plans and anticipated
purchases in foreign currencies, interest rate risk related to preferred share dividend rate resets, interest rate risk related to
anticipated debt issuances and commodity price risk related to the purchase cost of fuel. As these derivatives do not qualify for
hedge accounting, the changes in their fair value are recorded in the income statements in Other income (expense).


Q) Post-employment benefit plans

DEFINED BENEFIT (DB) AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT (OPEB) PLANS

We maintain DB pension plans that provide pension benefits for certain employees and retirees. Benefits are based on the
employee’s length of service and average rate of pay during the highest paid consecutive five years of service. Most employees
are not required to contribute to the plans. Certain plans provide cost of living adjustments to help protect the income of retired
employees against inflation.

We are responsible for adequately funding our DB pension plans. We make contributions to them based on various actuarial cost
methods permitted by pension regulatory bodies. Contributions reflect actuarial assumptions about future investment returns,
salary projections, future service and life expectancy.

We provide OPEBs to some of our employees, including:

    •   health care and life insurance benefits during retirement, which have been phased out for new retirees since
        December 31, 2016. Most of these OPEB plans are unfunded and benefits are paid when incurred.
    •   other benefits, including workers’ compensation and medical benefits to former or inactive employees, their beneficiaries
        and dependants, from the time their employment ends until their retirement starts, under certain circumstances

We accrue our obligations and related costs under post-employment benefit plans, net of the fair value of the benefit plan assets.
Pension and OPEB costs are determined using:

    •   the projected unit credit method, prorated on years of service, which takes into account future pay levels
    •   a discount rate based on market interest rates of high-quality corporate fixed income investments with maturities that
        match the timing of benefits expected to be paid under the plans
    •   management’s best estimate of pay increases, retirement ages of employees, expected healthcare costs and life
        expectancy

We value post-employment benefit plan assets at fair value using current market values.

Post-employment benefit plans current service cost is included in Operating costs in the income statements. Interest on our post-
employment benefit plan assets and obligations is recognized in Finance costs in the income statements and represents the
accretion of interest on the assets and obligations under our post-employment benefit plans. The interest rate is based on market
conditions that existed at the beginning of the year. Actuarial gains and losses for all post-employment benefit plans are recorded
in Other comprehensive income from continuing operations in the statements of comprehensive income in the period in which
they occur and are recognized immediately in the deficit.
December 31 is the measurement date for our significant post-employment benefit plans. Our actuaries perform a valuation
based on management's assumptions at least every three years to determine the actuarial present value of the accrued DB
pension plans and OPEB obligations. The most recent actuarial valuation of our significant pension plans was as at
December 31, 2020.

DEFINED CONTRIBUTION (DC) PENSION PLANS

We maintain DC pension plans that provide certain employees with benefits. Under these plans, we are responsible for
contributing a predetermined amount to an employee’s retirement savings, based on a percentage of the employee’s salary.

We recognize a post-employment benefit plans service cost for DC pension plans when the employee provides service to the
company, essentially coinciding with our cash contributions.

When eligible, new employees can only participate in the DC pension plans.


R) Provisions

Provisions are recognized when all the following conditions are met:

    •   the company has a present legal or constructive obligation based on past events
    •   it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation
    •   the amount can be reasonably estimated

Provisions are measured at the present value of the estimated expenditures expected to settle the obligation, if the effect of the
time value of money is material. The present value is determined using current market assessments of the discount rate and
risks specific to the obligation. The obligation increases as a result of the passage of time, resulting in interest expense which is
recognized in Finance costs in the income statements.


S) Estimates and key judgments

When preparing the financial statements, management makes estimates and judgments relating to:

    •   reported amounts of revenues and expenses
    •   reported amounts of assets and liabilities
    •   disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities

We base our estimates on a number of factors, including historical experience, current events, including but not limited to the
COVID-19 pandemic, and actions that the company may undertake in the future, as well as other assumptions that we believe
are reasonable under the circumstances. By their nature, these estimates and judgments are subject to measurement
uncertainty and actual results could differ. Our more significant estimates and judgments are described below.

ESTIMATES

USEFUL LIVES OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND FINITE-LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Property, plant and equipment represent a significant proportion of our total assets. Changes in technology or our intended use of
these assets, as well as changes in business prospects or economic and industry factors, may cause the estimated useful lives
of these assets to change.
POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS

The amounts reported in the financial statements relating to DB pension plans and OPEBs are determined using actuarial
calculations that are based on several assumptions.

The actuarial valuation uses management’s assumptions for, among other things, the discount rate, life expectancy, the rate of
compensation increase, trends in healthcare costs and expected average remaining years of service of employees.

The most significant assumptions used to calculate the net post-employment benefit plans cost are the discount rate and life
expectancy.

The discount rate is based on the yield on long-term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments, with maturities matching
the estimated cash flows of the post-employment benefit plans. Life expectancy is based on publicly available Canadian mortality
tables and is adjusted for the company’s specific experience.

REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS

We are required to make estimates that affect the amount of revenue from contracts with customers, including estimating the
stand-alone selling prices of products and services.

IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS

We make a number of estimates when calculating recoverable amounts using discounted future cash flows or other valuation
methods to test for impairment. These estimates include the assumed growth rates for future cash flows, the number of years
used in the cash flow model and the discount rate.

DEFERRED TAXES

The amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities are estimated with consideration given to the timing, sources and amounts of
future taxable income.

LEASES

The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make estimates that affect the measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities,
including determining the appropriate discount rate used to measure lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are initially measured at the
present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using our incremental borrowing
rate, unless the rate implicit in the lease is readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate is derived from publicly available
risk-free interest rates, adjusted for applicable credit spreads and lease terms. We apply a single incremental borrowing rate to a
portfolio of leases with similar characteristics.

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Certain financial instruments, such as investments in equity securities, derivative financial instruments and certain elements of
borrowings, are carried in the statements of financial position at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected in the income
statements and the statements of comprehensive income. Fair values are estimated by reference to published price quotations
or by using other valuation techniques that may include inputs that are not based on observable market data, such as discounted
cash flows and earnings multiples.

CONTINGENCIES

In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and
other relief. Pending claims and legal proceedings represent a potential cost to our business. We estimate the amount of a loss
by analyzing potential outcomes and assuming various litigation and settlement strategies, based on information that is available
at the time.
ONEROUS CONTRACTS

A provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the unavoidable costs of meeting our obligations under a contract exceed
the expected benefits to be received under the contract. The provision is measured at the present value of the lower of the
expected cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of completing the contract.

JUDGMENTS

POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS

The determination of the discount rate used to value our post-employment benefit obligations requires judgment. The rate is set
by reference to market yields of long-term, high-quality corporate fixed income investments at the beginning of each fiscal year.
Significant judgment is required when setting the criteria for fixed income investments to be included in the population from which
the yield curve is derived. The most significant criteria considered for the selection of investments include the size of the issue
and credit quality, along with the identification of outliers, which are excluded.

INCOME TAXES

The calculation of income taxes requires judgment in interpreting tax rules and regulations. There are transactions and
calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our tax filings are also subject to audits, the outcome of which
could change the amount of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities.
Management judgment is used to determine the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities to be recognized. In particular,
judgment is required when assessing the timing of the reversal of temporary differences to which future income tax rates are
applied.

LEASES

The application of IFRS 16 requires us to make judgments that affect the measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities. A
lease contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. At
inception of the contract, we assess whether the contract contains an identified asset, whether we have the right to obtain
substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset and whether we have the right to direct how and for what purpose
the asset is used. In determining the lease term, we include periods covered by renewal options when we are reasonably certain
to exercise those options. Similarly, we include periods covered by termination options when we are reasonably certain not to
exercise those options. To assess if we are reasonably certain to exercise an option, we consider all facts and circumstances that
create an economic incentive to exercise renewal options (or not exercise termination options). Economic incentives include the
costs related to the termination of the lease, the significance of any leasehold improvements and the importance of the
underlying assets to our operations.

REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS

The identification of performance obligations within a contract and the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations under
long-term contracts requires judgment. Additionally, the determination of costs to obtain a contract, including the identification of
incremental costs, also requires judgment.

CGUs

The determination of CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose of impairment testing requires judgment.

CONTINGENCIES

The determination of whether a loss is probable from claims and legal proceedings and whether an outflow of resources is likely
requires judgment.
T) Future changes to accounting standards

The following amended accounting standards issued by the IASB have an effective date after December 31, 2021 and have not
yet been adopted by BCE.

STANDARD               DESCRIPTION                                  IMPACT                                          EFFECTIVE DATE
Onerous Contracts These amendments clarify which costs              These amendments will not have a significant    Effective for annual
– Cost of Fulfilling a should be included in determining the cost   impact on our financial statements.             reporting periods
Contract,              of fulfilling a contract when assessing                                                      beginning on or after
Amendments to IAS whether a contract is onerous.                                                                    January 1, 2022.
37 – Provisions,
Contingent
Liabilities and
Contingent Assets
Disclosure of          These amendments require that entities       We are currently assessing the impact of these Effective for annual
Accounting Policies disclose material accounting policies, as       amendments on the disclosure of our            reporting periods
- Amendments to        defined, instead of significant accounting   accounting policies.                           beginning on or after
IAS 1 - Presentation policies.                                                                                     January 1, 2023. Early
of Financial                                                                                                       application is permitted.
Statements
Note 3 Segmented information
The accounting policies used in our segment reporting are the same as those we describe in Note 2, Significant accounting
policies. Our results are reported in three segments: Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media. Our segments reflect how we
manage our business and how we classify our operations for planning and measuring performance. Accordingly, we operate and
manage our segments as strategic business units organized by products and services. Segments negotiate sales with each other
as if they were unrelated parties.

We measure the performance of each segment based on adjusted EBITDA, which is equal to operating revenues less operating
costs for the segment. Substantially all of our severance, acquisition and other costs, depreciation and amortization, finance
costs and other expense are managed on a corporate basis and, accordingly, are not reflected in segment results.

Substantially all of our operations and assets are located in Canada.

Our Bell Wireless segment provides wireless voice and data communication products and services to our residential, small and
medium-sized business and large enterprise customers as well as consumer electronics products across Canada.

Our Bell Wireline segment provides data, including Internet access and IPTV, local telephone, long distance, as well as other
communication services and products to our residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers
primarily in Ontario, Québec, the Atlantic provinces and Manitoba, while satellite TV service and connectivity to business
customers are available nationally across Canada. In addition, this segment includes our wholesale business, which buys and
sells local telephone, long distance, data and other services from or to resellers and other carriers.

Our Bell Media segment provides conventional TV, specialty TV, pay TV, streaming services, digital media services, radio
broadcasting services and OOH advertising services to customers nationally across Canada.
 Segmented information
                                                                                                                                              INTER-
                                                                                                                                           SEGMENT
                                                                                                           BELL               BELL          ELIMINA-
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021                                     NOTE BELL WIRELESS           WIRELINE              MEDIA             TIONS               BCE

 Operating revenues
     External service revenues                                                          6,355           11,314              2,681                —             20,350
     Inter-segment service revenues                                                        45              358                355              (758)               —
 Operating service revenues                                                             6,400           11,672              3,036              (758)           20,350
     External product revenues                                                          2,593              506                 —                 —              3,099
     Inter-segment product revenues                                                         6               —                  —                 (6)               —
 Operating product revenues                                                             2,599              506                 —                 (6)            3,099
     Total external revenues                                                            8,948           11,820              2,681                —             23,449
     Total inter-segment revenues                                                          51              358                355              (764)               —
 Total operating revenues                                                               8,999           12,178              3,036              (764)           23,449
 Operating costs                                                             4         (5,146)          (6,863)            (2,311)              764           (13,556)
 Adjusted EBITDA (1)                                                                    3,853            5,315                725                —              9,893
 Severance, acquisition and other costs                                      5                                                                                   (209)
 Depreciation and amortization                                      17,     19                                                                                 (4,609)
 Finance costs
    Interest expense                                                         6                                                                                 (1,082)
    Interest on post-employment benefit
      obligations                                                           27                                                                                    (20)
 Impairment of assets                                                        7                                                                                   (197)
 Other income                                                                8                                                                                    160
 Income taxes                                                                9                                                                                 (1,044)
 Net earnings                                                                                                                                                   2,892
 Goodwill                                                                   22          3,046             4,580             2,946                 —            10,572
 Indefinite-life intangible assets                                          19          6,148             1,692             1,935                 —             9,775
 Capital expenditures                                                                   1,120             3,597               120                 —             4,837

(1) The chief operating decision maker uses primarily one measure of profit to make decisions and assess performance, being operating revenues less operating costs.
                                                                                                                                               INTER-
                                                                                                                                            SEGMENT
                                                                                                            BELL               BELL          ELIMINA-
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020                                          NOTE BELL WIRELESS       WIRELINE              MEDIA             TIONS                  BCE

 Operating revenues
     External service revenues                                                             6,122         11,341              2,369                —            19,832
     Inter-segment service revenues                                                           47            321                381              (749)              —
 Operating service revenues                                                                6,169         11,662              2,750              (749)          19,832
     External product revenues                                                             2,508            543                 —                 —             3,051
     Inter-segment product revenues                                                            6              1                 —                 (7)              —
 Operating product revenues                                                                2,514            544                 —                 (7)           3,051
     Total external revenues                                                               8,630         11,884              2,369                —            22,883
     Total inter-segment revenues                                                             53            322                381              (756)              —
 Total operating revenues                                                                  8,683         12,206              2,750              (756)          22,883
 Operating costs                                                                 4        (5,017)        (6,960)            (2,055)              756          (13,276)
 Adjusted EBITDA (1)                                                                       3,666          5,246                695                —             9,607
 Severance, acquisition and other costs                                           5                                                                              (116)
 Depreciation and amortization                                           17,     19                                                                            (4,404)
 Finance costs
     Interest expense                                                             6                                                                            (1,110)
     Interest on post-employment benefit obligations                             27                                                                               (46)
 Impairment of assets                                                             7                                                                              (472)
 Other expense                                                                    8                                                                              (194)
 Income taxes                                                                     9                                                                              (792)
 Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                                                        2,473
 Net earnings from discontinued operations                                       37                                                                               226
 Net earnings                                                                                                                                                   2,699
 Goodwill                                                                        22        3,046          4,612              2,946                 —           10,604
 Indefinite-life intangible assets                                               19        4,063          1,692              2,085                 —            7,840
 Capital expenditures                                                                        916          3,161                125                 —            4,202

(1) The chief operating decision maker uses primarily one measure of profit to make decisions and assess performance, being operating revenues less operating costs.


 Revenues by services and products
 The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by type of services and products.
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                               2021                2020
             (1)
 Services
  Wireless                                                                                                                                  6,355               6,122
  Wireline data                                                                                                                             7,871               7,691
  Wireline voice                                                                                                                            3,154               3,402
  Media                                                                                                                                     2,681               2,369
  Other wireline services                                                                                                                     289                 248
 Total services                                                                                                                            20,350              19,832
 Products(2)
  Wireless                                                                                                                                  2,593               2,508
  Wireline data                                                                                                                               463                 494
  Wireline equipment and other                                                                                                                 43                  49
 Total products                                                                                                                             3,099               3,051
 Total operating revenues                                                                                                                  23,449              22,883

 (1) Our service revenues are generally recognized over time.
 (2) Our product revenues are generally recognized at a point in time.
Note 4                     Operating costs
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                               NOTE                   2021                  2020
Labour costs
   Wages, salaries and related taxes and benefits (1)                                                                                            (4,236)              (4,108)
   Post-employment benefit plans service cost (net of capitalized amounts)                                                       27                (266)                (269)
   Other labour costs (2)                                                                                                                          (990)                (975)
Less:
   Capitalized labour                                                                                                                            1,068                 1,007
Total labour costs                                                                                                                              (4,424)               (4,345)
Cost of revenues (3)                                                                                                                            (7,290)               (6,967)
Other operating costs (4)                                                                                                                       (1,842)               (1,964)
Total operating costs                                                                                                                          (13,556)              (13,276)
(1) Costs reported in 2020 are net of amounts from the Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy, a wage subsidy program offered by the federal government to eligible employers as a result
    of the COVID-19 pandemic.
(2) Other labour costs include contractor and outsourcing costs.
(3) Cost of revenues includes costs of wireless devices and other equipment sold, network and content costs, and payments to other carriers.
(4) Other operating costs include marketing, advertising and sales commission costs, bad debt expense, taxes other than income taxes, information technology costs, professional
    service fees and rent.


Research and development expenses of $57 million and $47 million are included in operating costs for 2021 and 2020,
respectively.




Note 5                     Severance, acquisition and other costs
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                      2021                  2020
Severance                                                                                                                                          (171)                  (35)
Acquisition and other                                                                                                                               (38)                  (81)
Total severance, acquisition and other costs                                                                                                       (209)                 (116)

Severance costs
Severance costs consist of charges related to involuntary and voluntary employee terminations.

Acquisition and other costs
Acquisition and other costs consist of transaction costs, such as legal and financial advisory fees, related to completed or
potential acquisitions, employee severance costs related to the purchase of a business, the costs to integrate acquired
companies into our operations, costs relating to litigation and regulatory decisions, when they are significant, and other costs.
Note 6               Interest expense
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                  2021            2020
Interest expense on long-term debt                                                                           (1,088)         (1,072)
Interest expense on other debt                                                                                  (57)            (87)
Capitalized interest                                                                                             63              49
Total interest expense                                                                                       (1,082)         (1,110)

Included in interest expense on long-term debt is interest on lease liabilities of $177 million and $199 million for 2021 and 2020,
respectively.

Capitalized interest was calculated using an average rate of 3.83% and 3.95% for 2021 and 2020, respectively, which represents
the weighted average interest rate on our outstanding long-term debt.



Note 7             Impairment of assets
2021
During the second quarter of 2021, we identified indicators of impairment for our Bell Media radio markets, notably a decline in
advertising revenue and an increase in the discount rate resulting from the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
Accordingly, impairment testing was required for our group of radio CGUs.

During Q2 2021, we recognized $163 million of impairment charges for various radio markets within our Bell Media segment.
These charges included $150 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for broadcast licences, and $13 million to
property, plant and equipment mainly for buildings and network infrastructure and equipment. They were determined by
comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to their fair value less cost of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the CGUs using
both discounted cash flows and market-based valuation models, which include five-year cash flow projections derived from
business plans reviewed by senior management for the period of July 1, 2021 to December 31, 2026, using a discount rate of
8.5% and a perpetuity growth rate of (2.0%), as well as market multiple data from public companies and market transactions.
After impairments, the carrying value of our group of radio CGUs was $235 million.

There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill. See Note 22, Goodwill, for further details.

2020
During the second quarter of 2020, we identified indicators of impairment for certain of our Bell Media TV services and radio
markets, notably declines in advertising revenues, lower subscriber revenues and overall increases in discount rates resulting
from the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Accordingly, impairment testing was required for certain groups of CGUs
as well as for goodwill.

During Q2 2020, we recognized $452 million of impairment charges for our English and French TV services as well as various
radio markets within our Bell Media segment. These charges included $291 million allocated to indefinite-life intangible assets for
broadcast licences, $146 million allocated to finite-life intangible assets, mainly for program and feature film rights, and
$15 million to property, plant and equipment for network and infrastructure and equipment. They were determined by comparing
the carrying value of the CGUs to their fair value less cost of disposal. We estimated the fair value of the CGUs using both
discounted cash flows and market-based valuation models, which include five-year cash flow projections derived from business
plans reviewed by senior management for the period of July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2025, using discount rates of 8.0% to 9.5%
and a perpetuity growth rate of (1.0%) to nil, as well as market multiple data from public companies and market transactions.
After impairments, the carrying value of these CGUs was $942 million.

There was no impairment of Bell Media goodwill. See Note 22, Goodwill, for further details.
         Note 8                Other income (expense)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                      NOTE         2021          2020
Net mark-to-market gains (losses) on derivatives used to economically hedge equity settled share-
based compensation plans                                                                                         278           (51)
Early debt redemption costs                                                                           25         (53)          (50)
Equity (losses) gains from investments in associates and joint ventures                               20
   (Loss) gain on investment                                                                                     (49)           43
   Operations                                                                                                    (46)          (38)
Losses on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                       (24)          (83)
(Losses) gains on investments                                                                                     (6)            3
Other                                                                                                             60           (18)
Total other income (expense)                                                                                     160          (194)



Equity (losses) gains from investments in associates and joint ventures
We recorded a (loss) gain on investment of ($49 million) and $43 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to equity (losses)
gains on our share of an obligation to repurchase at fair value the minority interest in one of BCE’s joint ventures. The obligation
is marked to market each reporting period and the gain or loss on investment is recorded as equity gains or losses from
investments in associates and joint ventures.


Losses on retirements and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets
In 2020, we recorded a loss of $45 million due to a change in strategic direction related to the ongoing development of some of
our TV platform assets under construction.



Note 9                Income taxes
The following table shows the significant components of income taxes deducted from net earnings from continuing operations.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                 2021            2020
Current taxes
   Current taxes                                                                                              (872)           (776)
   Uncertain tax positions                                                                                      12              26
   Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                                 42              32
   Previously unrecognized tax benefits                                                                         —               40
Deferred taxes
   Deferred taxes relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                           (184)           (107)
   Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                                (40)            (26)
   Recognition and utilization of loss carryforwards                                                           (21)             15
   Previously unrecognized tax benefits                                                                         15              —
   Effect of change in provincial corporate tax rate                                                            —                9
   Uncertain tax positions                                                                                       4              (5)
Total income taxes                                                                                          (1,044)           (792)
The following table reconciles the amount of reported income taxes in the income statements with income taxes calculated at a
statutory income tax rate of 26.8% for 2021 and 26.9% for 2020.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                       2021         2020
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                           2,892        2,473
Add back income taxes                                                                                             1,044          792
Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes                                                           3,936        3,265
Applicable statutory tax rate                                                                                      26.8 %       26.9 %
Income taxes computed at applicable statutory rates                                                              (1,055)        (878)
Non-taxable portion of (losses) gains on investments                                                                 (1)           1
Uncertain tax positions                                                                                              16           21
Effect of change in provincial corporate tax rate                                                                    —             9
Change in estimate relating to prior periods                                                                          2            6
Non-taxable portion of equity (losses) gains                                                                        (26)           2
Previously unrecognized tax benefits                                                                                 15           47
Other                                                                                                                 5           —
Total income taxes from continuing operations                                                                    (1,044)        (792)
Average effective tax rate                                                                                         26.5 %       24.3 %


The following table shows aggregate current and deferred taxes relating to items recognized outside the income statements.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                 2021                                    2020
                                                                        OTHER                                  OTHER
                                                                COMPREHENSIVE                          COMPREHENSIVE
                                                                       INCOME               DEFICIT           INCOME            DEFICIT

Current taxes                                                                 —                  1                    —            14
Deferred taxes                                                              (677)               30                  (172)         (20)
Total income taxes (expense) recovery                                       (677)               31                  (172)          (6)


The following table shows deferred taxes resulting from temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities recognized in the statements of financial position and their corresponding tax basis, as well as tax loss carryforwards.

                                                                                         PROPERTY,
                                                                                         PLANT AND
                                                   NON-                                 EQUIPMENT
                                                CAPITAL          POST-    INDEFINITE-   AND FINITE-
                                                   LOSS    EMPLOYMENT            LIFE          LIFE      CRTC
                                                 CARRY-        BENEFIT   INTANGIBLE     INTANGIBLE    TANGIBLE
NET DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY                    FORWARDS          PLANS        ASSETS         ASSETS    BENEFITS        OTHER     TOTAL
January 1, 2020                                      31           364        (1,763)       (1,779)          7          (323)   (3,463)
Income statement                                     13             5            46          (426)         (7)          255      (114)
Business acquisitions                                25            —             —             —           —              1        26
Other comprehensive income                           —           (184)           —             —           —             12      (172)
Deficit                                              —             —             —             —           —            (20)      (20)
Discontinued operations                              —             —             —             30          —             —         30
Other                                                —             —             —             —           —              9         9
December 31, 2020                                    69           185        (1,717)       (2,175)         —            (66)   (3,704)
Income statement                                    (10)            2            16          (253)         —             19      (226)
Business acquisitions                                 4            —             —             (9)         —              1        (4)
Other comprehensive income                           —           (653)           —             —           —            (24)     (677)
Deficit                                              —             —             —             16          —             14        30
Reclassified to liabilities held for sale            —             —             —              4          —              1         5
Other                                                —             —             —             —           —              2         2
December 31,2021                                     63          (466)       (1,701)       (2,417)         —            (53)   (4,574)
At December 31, 2021, BCE had $266 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. We:

     •    recognized a deferred tax asset of $63 million for $249 million of the non-capital loss carryforwards. These non-capital
          loss carryforwards expire in varying annual amounts from 2024 to 2041.
     •    did not recognize a deferred tax asset for $17 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. This balance expires in varying
          annual amounts from 2023 to 2041.

At December 31, 2021, BCE had $69 million of unrecognized capital loss carryforwards, which can be carried forward
indefinitely.

At December 31, 2020, BCE had $357 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. We:

     •    recognized a deferred tax asset of $69 million for $263 million of the non-capital loss carryforwards. These non-capital
          loss carryforwards expire in varying annual amounts from 2025 to 2040.
     •    did not recognize a deferred tax asset for $94 million of non-capital loss carryforwards. This balance expires in varying
          annual amounts from 2024 to 2038.

At December 31, 2020, BCE had $64 million of unrecognized capital loss carryforwards, which can be carried forward
indefinitely.



Note 10                    Earnings per share
The following table shows the components used in the calculation of basic and diluted net earnings per common share for
earnings attributable to common shareholders.
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                   2021                    2020
Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders - basic                                                            2,709                2,272
Net earnings from discontinued operations attributable to common shareholders - basic                                                             —                   226
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders - basic                                                                                       2,709                2,498
Dividends declared per common share (in dollars)                                                                                                3.50                 3.33
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding (in millions)
  Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic                                                                                 906.3                904.3
  Assumed exercise of stock options(1)                                                                                                           0.4                  0.1
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted (in millions)                                                                   906.7                904.4
(1) The calculation of the assumed exercise of stock options includes the effect of the average unrecognized future compensation cost of dilutive options. It excludes
    options for which the exercise price is higher than the average market value of a BCE common share. The number of excluded options was 3,302,850 in 2021 and
    10,783,936 in 2020.
Note 11                     Trade and other receivables
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                  NOTE                 2021               2020
                      (1)
Trade receivables                                                                                                                  3,843              3,414
Allowance for revenue adjustments                                                                                                   (169)              (185)
Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                                     29              (136)              (149)
Current tax receivable                                                                                                               121                 92
Commodity taxes receivable                                                                                                           102                122
Other accounts receivable                                                                                                            188                234
Total trade and other receivables                                                                                                  3,949              3,528
(1) The details of securitized trade receivables are set out in Note 24, Debt due within one year.


Wireless device financing plan receivables
Wireless device financing plan receivables represent amounts owed to us under financing agreements that have not yet been
billed. The current portion of these balances is included in Trade receivables within the Trade and other receivables line item on
our statements of financial position and the long-term portion is included within the Other non-current assets line item on our
statements of financial position.

The following table summarizes our wireless device financing plan receivables at December 31, 2021.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                   NOTE                2021                2020
Current                                                                                                                            1,040                649
Non-current                                                                                                         21               387                399
Total wireless device financing plan receivables (1)                                                                               1,427              1,048

(1) Excludes allowance for doubtful accounts and allowance for revenue adjustments on the current portion of $44 million and $28 million at December 31, 2021
   and December 31, 2020, respectively, and allowance for doubtful accounts and allowance for revenue adjustments on the non-current portion of $15 million
   and $17 million at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively.




Note 12                     Inventory
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                       2021                2020
Wireless devices and accessories                                                                                                     189                189
Merchandise and other                                                                                                                293                250
Total inventory                                                                                                                      482                439


The total amount of inventory subsequently recognized as an expense in cost of revenues was $3,080 million and $2,927 million
for 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Note 13                 Contract assets and liabilities
The table below provides a reconciliation of the significant changes in the contract assets and the contract liabilities balances.
                                                                                                      Contract assets (1)            Contract liabilities
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                            NOTE           2021           2020            2021             2020
Opening balance, January 1                                                                                 943          1,644            959             890
Revenue recognized included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the
year                                                                                                        —               —            (678)          (643)
Revenue recognized from contract liabilities included in contract assets
at the beginning of the year                                                                               141            188             —               —
Increase in contract liabilities during the year                                                            —              —             752             688
Increase in contract liabilities included in contract assets during the year                              (115)          (186)            —               —
Increase in contract assets from revenue recognized during the year                                        664            834             —               —
Contract assets transferred to trade receivables                                                          (859)        (1,376)            50              51
Acquisitions                                                                                                —              —              13              —
Contract terminations transferred to trade receivables                                                     (89)          (145)             4              19
Discontinued operations                                                                      37             —              (1)            —               —
Reclassified to liabilities held for sale                                                    16             —              —              (7)             —
Other                                                                                                      (20)           (15)           (48)            (46)
Ending balance, December 31                                                                                665            943          1,045             959
(1) Net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $20 million and $59 million at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. See Note 29, Financial and
   capital management, for additional details.



Note 14                 Contract costs
The table below provides a reconciliation of the contract costs balance.
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                          NOTE            2021            2020
Opening balance, January 1                                                                                                               764             783
Incremental costs of obtaining a contract and contract fulfillment costs                                                                 635             535
Amortization included in operating costs                                                                                                (504)           (552)
Acquisitions                                                                                                                               3              —
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                                                                      16              (4)             —
Discontinued operations                                                                                                   37              —               (2)
Ending balance, December 31                                                                                                              894             764


Contract costs are amortized over periods ranging from 12 to 84 months.
Note 15 Restricted cash
In Q1 2021, we entered into a $107 million subsidy agreement with the Government of Québec to facilitate the deployment of
high-speed Internet in certain areas of the province of Québec by September 2022. In 2021, we received $97 million of the total
committed funding, with the remainder expected upon completion of the project.

As a result, we recorded $82 million in Other current assets as restricted cash with a corresponding liability in Trade payables
and other liabilities on the statement of financial position at December 31, 2021. Additionally, we recorded $15 million as a
reduction of capital expenditures on the consolidated statements of cash flows (statements of cash flows).




Note 16              Assets held for sale

On January 13, 2022, the execution of an agreement to sell BCE's wholly-owned subsidiary 6362222 Canada Inc. (Createch)
was announced by the purchaser. Createch carries on a consulting business included in our Bell Wireline segment that
specializes in the optimization of business processes and implementation of technological solutions. The sale is for cash
proceeds of $55 million.

As a result, we have presented the assets and liabilities of Createch as held for sale in our statement of financial position at
December 31, 2021, measured at their carrying amount, which is lower than the estimated fair value less costs to sell. Property,
plant and equipment and intangible assets included in assets held for sale are no longer depreciated or amortized effective
December 2021.

Our results for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 included $64 million and $61 million of revenue and $5 million and
$2 million of net earnings, respectively, related to the assets held for sale.

The following table summarizes the carrying value of the assets and liabilities that are classified as held for sale at December 31,
2021.
                                                                                                                               2021
  Trade and other receivables                                                                                                      29
  Contract costs                                                                                                                    4
  Prepaid expenses                                                                                                                  1
  Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                     2
  Intangible assets                                                                                                                 1
  Other non-current assets                                                                                                          7
  Goodwill                                                                                                                          6
Total assets held for sale                                                                                                         50
  Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                                             18
  Contract liabilities                                                                                                              7
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                          5
  Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                     5
Total liabilities held for sale                                                                                                    35
Net assets held for sale                                                                                                           15


Subsequent to year end, on March 1, 2022, we completed the sale for cash proceeds of $55 million and expect to record a gain
on sale of approximately $37 million (net of taxes of $3 million) in Q1 2022.
Note 17                    Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                               NETWORK
                                                                                        INFRASTRUCTURE        LAND AND      ASSETS UNDER
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021                                             NOTE   AND EQUIPMENT (1)   BUILDINGS (1)   CONSTRUCTION     TOTAL
COST
January 1, 2021                                                                                   69,477          7,832            1,889    79,198
Additions                                                                                          2,643            326            2,515     5,484
Acquired through business combinations                                                                 2             12               —         14
Transfers                                                                                            358            771           (2,163)   (1,034)
Retirements and disposals                                                                         (1,550)           (37)              —     (1,587)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                            7                 (4)           (15)              —        (19)
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                               16                 (3)            —                —         (3)
December 31, 2021                                                                                 70,923          8,889            2,241    82,053
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
January 1, 2021                                                                                   47,563          4,122               —     51,685
Depreciation                                                                                       3,220            407               —      3,627
Retirements and disposals                                                                         (1,515)           (27)              —     (1,542)
Transfers                                                                                            (95)           191               —         96
Reclassified to assets held for sale                                               16                 (1)            —                —         (1)
Other                                                                                                (50)             3               —        (47)
December 31, 2021                                                                                 49,122          4,696               —     53,818
NET CARRYING AMOUNT
January 1, 2021                                                                                   21,914          3,710            1,889    27,513
December 31, 2021                                                                                 21,801          4,193            2,241    28,235
(1) Includes right-of-use assets. See Note 18, Leases, for additional details.
                                                                                               NETWORK
                                                                                        INFRASTRUCTURE        LAND AND      ASSETS UNDER
  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020                                           NOTE   AND EQUIPMENT (1)   BUILDINGS (1)   CONSTRUCTION      TOTAL
  COST
  January 1, 2020                                                                                 67,597          8,079            1,687     77,363
  Additions                                                                                        2,414            247            2,071      4,732
  Acquired through business combinations                                                               2              5                —          7
  Transfers                                                                                          964             49           (1,825)      (812)
  Retirements and disposals                                                                       (1,348)           (54)             (32)    (1,434)
  Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                          7                (17)            (9)               (1)      (27)
  Discontinued operations                                                          37               (135)          (485)              (11)     (631)
  December 31, 2020                                                                               69,477          7,832            1,889     79,198
  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
  January 1, 2020                                                                                 45,914          3,813               —      49,727
  Depreciation                                                                                     3,035            440               —       3,475
  Retirements and disposals                                                                       (1,268)           (54)              —      (1,322)
  Discontinued operations                                                          37                (70)           (77)              —        (147)
  Other                                                                                              (48)            —                —         (48)
  December 31, 2020                                                                               47,563          4,122               —      51,685
  NET CARRYING AMOUNT
  January 1, 2020                                                                                 21,683          4,266            1,687     27,636
  December 31, 2020                                                                               21,914          3,710            1,889     27,513

(1) Includes right-of-use assets. See Note 18, Leases, for additional details.
Note 18              Leases
Right-of-use assets
BCE’s significant right-of-use assets under leases are satellites, office premises, land, cellular tower sites, retail outlets and OOH
advertising spaces. Right-of-use assets are presented in Property, plant and equipment in the statements of financial position.

                                                                                            NETWORK
                                                                                     INFRASTRUCTURE       LAND AND
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021                                        NOTE       AND EQUIPMENT     BUILDINGS       TOTAL
COST
January 1, 2021                                                                                 3,690       2,995        6,685
Additions                                                                                         574         214          788
Transfers                                                                                        (977)        722         (255)
Acquired through business combinations                                                             —           12           12
Lease terminations                                                                                (47)         (6)         (53)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                         7                 —           (6)          (6)
December 31, 2021                                                                               3,240       3,931        7,171
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
January 1, 2021                                                                                 1,473       1,086        2,559
Depreciation                                                                                      419         275          694
Transfers                                                                                        (310)        177         (133)
Lease terminations                                                                                (28)         —           (28)
December 31, 2021                                                                               1,554       1,538        3,092
NET CARRYING AMOUNT
January 1, 2021                                                                                 2,217       1,909        4,126
December 31, 2021                                                                               1,686       2,393        4,079
                                                                                                   NETWORK
                                                                                            INFRASTRUCTURE     LAND AND
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020                                            NOTE          AND EQUIPMENT   BUILDINGS         TOTAL
COST
January 1, 2020                                                                                      3,609       2,933          6,542
Additions                                                                                              470         200            670
Transfers                                                                                             (360)         (2)          (362)
Acquired through business combinations                                                                  —            4              4
Lease terminations                                                                                     (20)        (10)           (30)
Impairment losses recognized in earnings                                                7               (1)         (9)           (10)
Discontinued operations                                                                37               (8)       (121)          (129)
December 31, 2020                                                                                    3,690       2,995          6,685
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
January 1, 2020                                                                                      1,301         817          2,118
Depreciation                                                                                           377         294            671
Transfers                                                                                             (199)         —            (199)
Lease terminations                                                                                      (2)         (6)            (8)
Discontinued operations                                                                37               (4)        (19)           (23)
December 31, 2020                                                                                    1,473       1,086          2,559
NET CARRYING AMOUNT
January 1, 2020                                                                                      2,308       2,116          4,424
December 31, 2020                                                                                    2,217       1,909          4,126



Leases in net earnings from continuing operations
The following table provides the expenses related to leases recognized in net earnings from continuing operations.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                           2021            2020
Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                                    177             199
Variable lease payment expenses not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                                     122             150
Expenses for leases of low value assets                                                                                   60              60
Expenses for short-term leases                                                                                            31              31


Leases in the statements of cash flows
Total cash outflow related to leases was $1,202 million and $1,219 million for the period ended December 31, 2021 and
December 31, 2020, respectively.

Additional disclosures
See Note 24, Debt due within one year, and Note 25, Long-term debt, for lease liabilities balances included in the statements of
financial position.
See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for a maturity analysis of lease liabilities.
See Note 34, Commitments and contingencies, for leases committed but not yet commenced as at December 31, 2021.
Note 19                  Intangible assets
                                                             FINITE-LIFE                                              INDEFINITE-LIFE
                                                          PROGRAM
                                                               AND
                                               CUSTOMER FEATURE                                                    SPECTRUM                        TOTAL
FOR THE YEAR ENDED                              RELATION-      FILM                                               AND OTHER BROADCAST         INTANGIBLE
                                                                                                                           (1)
DECEMBER 31, 2021  NOTE               SOFTWARE      SHIPS   RIGHTS OTHER                    TOTAL BRANDS          LICENCES     LICENCES TOTAL     ASSETS
COST
January 1, 2021                            9,169          1,736          645       469     12,019       2,409            3,701           1,730     7,840         19,859
Additions                                    361             —         1,034        19      1,414          —             2,085              —      2,085          3,499
Acquired through
business
combinations                                  —               —            —        52         52           —                —               —         —             52
Transfers                                  1,154              —            —      (125)     1,029           —                —               —         —          1,029
Retirements and
disposals                                 (1,089)             —            —        (11)   (1,100)          —                —               —         —         (1,100)
Impairment losses
recognized in
earnings                          7           (28)            —            —         —         (28)         —                —             (150)    (150)          (178)
Amortization included
in operating costs                             —              —       (1,048)        —     (1,048)          —                —               —         —         (1,048)
Reclassified to assets
held for sale                    16           (2)            —            —         —          (2)         —                —               —         —              (2)
December 31, 2021                          9,565          1,736          631       404     12,336       2,409            5,786           1,580     9,775         22,111
ACCUMULATED
AMORTIZATION
January 1, 2021                            5,644            878            —       235      6,757           —                —               —         —          6,757
Amortization                                 851             91            —        40        982           —                —               —         —            982
Retirements and
disposals                                 (1,087)             —            —        (11)   (1,098)          —                —               —         —         (1,098)
Transfers                                     —               —            —        (99)      (99)          —                —               —         —            (99)
Reclassified to assets
held for sale                    16           (1)            —             —        —          (1)          —                —               —         —             (1)
December 31, 2021                          5,407            969            —       165      6,541           —                —               —         —          6,541
NET CARRYING
AMOUNT
January 1, 2021                            3,525            858          645       234      5,262       2,409            3,701           1,730     7,840         13,102
December 31, 2021                          4,158            767          631       239      5,795       2,409            5,786           1,580     9,775         15,570

(1) On December 17, 2021, Bell Mobility Inc. (Bell Mobility) acquired 271 licences in a number of urban and rural markets for 678 million megahertz per population (MHz-
    Pop) of 3500 MHz spectrum for $2.07 billion.
                                           FINITE-LIFE                                INDEFINITE-LIFE
                                            PROGRAM
                                                 AND                             SPECTRUM
                                 CUSTOMER FEATURE                                      AND                             TOTAL
FOR THE YEAR ENDED                RELATION-      FILM                                OTHER BROADCAST              INTANGIBLE
DECEMBER 31, 2020  NOTE SOFTWARE      SHIPS   RIGHTS OTHER           TOTAL BRANDS LICENCES   LICENCES       TOTAL     ASSETS
COST
January 1, 2020               10,522    2,017       716      489    13,744    2,409   3,586        2,026    8,021    21,765
Additions                        344       —        874       41     1,259       —      116           —       116     1,375
Acquired through
business combinations             1        —         10       —        11       —         —             —     —          11
Transfers                       810        —         —        —       810       —         —             —     —         810
Retirements and
disposals                     (2,479)      —             —   (36)   (2,515)     —         —             —     —       (2,515)
Impairment losses
recognized in earnings   7       (13)      —       (110)     (25)     (148)     —         (1)       (296)   (297)      (445)
Amortization included
in operating costs                —        —       (845)      —       (845)     —         —             —     —        (845)
Discontinued
operations               37      (16)    (281)       —        —       (297)      —       —            —        —       (297)
December 31, 2020              9,169    1,736       645      469    12,019    2,409   3,701        1,730    7,840    19,859
ACCUMULATED
AMORTIZATION
January 1, 2020                7,345     839             —   229     8,413      —         —             —     —       8,413
Amortization                     787      99             —    43       929      —         —             —     —         929
Retirements and
disposals                     (2,480)      —             —   (37)   (2,517)     —         —             —     —       (2,517)
Discontinued
operations               37       (8)    (60)            —    —        (68)     —         —             —     —         (68)
December 31, 2020              5,644     878             —   235     6,757      —         —             —     —       6,757
NET CARRYING
AMOUNT
January 1, 2020                3,177    1,178       716      260     5,331    2,409   3,586        2,026    8,021    13,352
December 31, 2020              3,525      858       645      234     5,262    2,409   3,701        1,730    7,840    13,102
Note 20 Investments in associates and joint ventures
The following tables provide summarized financial information with respect to BCE’s associates and joint ventures. For more
details on our associates and joint ventures, see Note 35, Related party transactions.

Statements of financial position

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                         2021     2020
Assets                                                                                                                               3,852     3,953
Liabilities                                                                                                                         (2,523)   (2,448)
Total net assets                                                                                                                     1,329     1,505
BCE’s share of net assets                                                                                                              668       756



Income statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                      NOTE                        2021            2020
Revenues                                                                                                                      1,855            1,359
Expenses                                                                                                                     (2,047)          (1,351)
Total net (losses) income                                                                                                      (192)               8
BCE’s share of net (losses) income                                                                      8                       (95)               5




Note 21                  Other non-current assets
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                    NOTE                 2021     2020
Long-term wireless device financing plan receivables                                                                 11                387      399
Derivative assets                                                                                                    29                274       92
Long-term receivables                                                                                                                  221      128
Investments(1)                                                                                                        29               185      167
Publicly-traded and privately-held investments                                                                       29                183      126
Other                                                                                                                                   56       89
Total other non-current assets                                                                                                       1,306    1,001

(1) These amounts have been pledged as security related to obligations for certain employee benefits and are not available for general use.
Note 22                Goodwill
The following table provides details about the changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill for the years ended
December 31, 2021 and 2020. BCE’s groups of CGUs for purposes of goodwill impairment testing correspond to our reporting
segments.

                                                                              BELL           BELL              BELL
                                                              NOTE        WIRELESS        WIRELINE            MEDIA             BCE

Balance at January 1, 2020                                                   3,046           4,675            2,946          10,667
Acquisitions and other                                                          —               52               —               52
Discontinued operations                                          37             —             (115)              —             (115)
Balance at December 31, 2020                                                 3,046           4,612            2,946          10,604
Acquisitions and other                                                          —              (26)             —              (26)
Reclassified to assets held for sale                            16              —               (6)              —               (6)
Balance at December 31, 2021                                                 3,046           4,580            2,946          10,572



Impairment testing

As described in Note 2, Significant accounting policies, goodwill is tested annually for impairment or when there is an indication
that goodwill may be impaired, by comparing the carrying value of a CGU or group of CGUs to the recoverable amount, where
the recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal or value in use.

During the second quarter of 2020, we identified indicators that goodwill for our Bell Media group of CGUs may be impaired as a
result of the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, notably declines in advertising revenues, lower subscriber revenues
and increases in discount rates. Impairment testing of goodwill during 2020 for the Bell Media group of CGUs did not result in an
impairment of goodwill.

RECOVERABLE AMOUNT

The recoverable amount for each of the Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline groups of CGUs is its value in use. The recoverable
amount for the Bell Media group of CGUs is its fair value less costs of disposal.

The recoverable amount for our groups of CGUs is determined by discounting five-year cash flow projections derived from
business plans reviewed by senior management. The projections reflect management’s expectations of revenue, adjusted
EBITDA, capital expenditures, working capital and operating cash flows, based on past experience and future expectations of
operating performance. Revenue and cost projections for the Bell Media group of CGUs also reflect market participant
assumptions.

Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using perpetuity growth rates. None of the perpetuity growth rates
exceed the long-term historical growth rates for the markets in which we operate.

The discount rates are applied to the cash flow projections and are derived from the weighted average cost of capital for each
CGU or group of CGUs.
The following table shows the key assumptions used to estimate the recoverable amounts of our groups of CGUs.

                                                                                                                         ASSUMPTIONS USED
                                                                                                                       PERPETUITY     DISCOUNT
GROUPS OF CGUs                                                                                                       GROWTH RATE          RATE
Bell Wireless                                                                                                                     0.8 %                9.1 %
Bell Wireline                                                                                                                     1.0 %                6.0 %
Bell Media                                                                                                                        1.0 %                8.7 %


The recoverable amounts determined in a prior year for the Bell Wireless and Bell Wireline groups of CGUs exceed their
corresponding current carrying values by a substantial margin and have been carried forward and used in the impairment test for
the current year.

We believe that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions on which the estimates of recoverable amounts of our
groups of CGUs are based would not cause their carrying amounts to exceed their recoverable amounts.




Note 23                  Trade payables and other liabilities
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                          NOTE            2021            2020
Trade payables and accruals                                                                           2,931          2,595
Compensation payable                                                                                    622            592
Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) financial liability (1)                   29            149            149
Provisions                                                                                26             81             53
Derivative liabilities                                                                     29            40             69
Severance and other costs payable                                                                        32             23
Commodity taxes payable                                                                                  31             33
CRTC deferral account obligation                                                           29            23             13
Other current liabilities (2)                                                                           546            408
Total trade payables and other liabilities                                                            4,455          3,935
(1) Represents BCE’s obligation to repurchase the BCE Master Trust Fund’s (Master Trust Fund) 9% interest in MLSE at a price not less than an agreed
    minimum price should the Master Trust Fund exercise its put option. The obligation to repurchase is marked to market each reporting period and the gain or
    loss is recorded in Other income (expense) in the income statements.
(2) Includes an $82 million liability related to committed funding from the Government of Québec. See Note 15, Restricted cash, for additional details.
Note 24                    Debt due within one year
                                                                                                          WEIGHTED
                                                                                                           AVERAGE
                                                                                                      INTEREST RATE
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                             NOTE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021                              2021                 2020
Notes payable(1)                                                                              29                         0.07 %                   735                  392
Loans secured by trade receivables                                                            29                         1.10 %                   900                1,050
Long-term debt due within one year(2)                                                         25                         4.01 %                   990                  975
Total debt due within one year                                                                                                                  2,625                2,417

(1) Includes commercial paper of $561 million in U.S. dollars ($711 million in Canadian dollars) and $274 million in U.S. dollars ($349 million in Canadian dollars) as at
    December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, which were issued under our U.S. commercial paper program and have been hedged for foreign currency
    fluctuations through forward currency contracts. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.
(2) Included in long-term debt due within one year is the current portion of lease liabilities of $864 million and $754 million as at December 31, 2021 and December 31,
    2020, respectively.



Securitized trade receivables
Our securitized trade receivables programs are recorded as floating rate revolving loans secured by certain trade receivables.

The following table provides further details on our securitized trade receivables programs during 2021 and 2020.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                  2021                   2020
Average interest rate throughout the year                                                                                                    1.07 %                 1.58 %
Securitized trade receivables                                                                                                               1,701                  2,007


In 2021, we terminated one of our securitized trade receivables programs and repaid the $150 million balance outstanding under
the program.

We continue to service trade receivables under our securitized trade receivables program expiring on December 1, 2022. The
buyer's interest in the collection of these trade receivables ranks ahead of our interests, which means that we are exposed to
certain risks of default on the amounts securitized.

We have provided various credit enhancements in the form of overcollateralization and subordination of our retained interests.

The buyer will reinvest the amounts collected by buying additional interests in our trade receivables until the securitized trade
receivables agreement expires or is terminated. The buyer and its investors have no further claim on our other assets if
customers do not pay the amounts owed.


Credit facilities

Bell Canada may issue notes under its Canadian and U.S. commercial paper programs up to the maximum aggregate principal
amount of $3 billion in either Canadian or U.S. currency provided that at no time shall such maximum amount of notes exceed
$3.5 billion in Canadian currency which equals the aggregate amount available under Bell Canada’s committed supporting
revolving and expansion credit facilities as at December 31, 2021. The total amount of the net available committed revolving and
expansion credit facilities may be drawn at any time.
The table below is a summary of our total bank credit facilities at December 31, 2021.

                                                                                                                                          COMMERCIAL
                                                                                        TOTAL                          LETTERS OF              PAPER                NET
                                                                                    AVAILABLE           DRAWN              CREDIT        OUTSTANDING          AVAILABLE
Committed credit facilities
 Unsecured revolving and expansion credit facilities (1)(2)                              3,500               —                   —                   711          2,789
 Other                                                                                     106               —                  106                   —              —
Total committed credit facilities                                                        3,606               —                  106                  711          2,789
Total non-committed credit facilities                                                    1,939               —                1,060                   —             879
Total committed and non-committed credit facilities                                      5,545               —                1,166                  711          3,668
(1) Bell Canada’s $2.5 billion committed revolving credit facility expires in May 2026 and its $1 billion committed expansion credit facility expires in May 2024.
(2) As of December 31, 2021, Bell Canada’s outstanding commercial paper included $561 million in U.S. dollars ($711 million in Canadian dollars). All of Bell Canada’s
    commercial paper outstanding is included in Debt due within one year.




 Restrictions
Some of our credit agreements:

     •    require us to meet specific financial ratios
     •    require us to offer to repay and cancel the credit agreement upon a change of control of BCE or Bell Canada

We are in compliance with all conditions and restrictions under such credit agreements.



Note 25                    Long-term debt
                                                                                          WEIGHTED
                                                                                           AVERAGE
                                                                                    INTEREST RATE AT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                           NOTE      DECEMBER 31, 2021                 MATURITY                   2021                 2020
   Debt securities
     1997 trust indenture                                                                         3.67 %            2023-2051               16,750               16,400
     1976 trust indenture                                                                         9.38 %            2027-2054                  975                1,100
     2011 trust indenture                                                                         4.00 %                 2024                  225                  225
     2016 U.S. trust indenture (1)                                                                3.26 %            2024-2052                5,188                2,228
     1996 trust indenture (subordinated)                                                          8.21 %            2026-2031                  275                  275
   Lease liabilities                                                                              4.13 %            2022-2065                4,309                4,356
   Other                                                                                                                                       438                  386
Total debt                                                                                                                                  28,160               24,970
   Net unamortized discount                                                                                                                    (26)                 (19)
   Unamortized debt issuance costs                                                                                                             (96)                 (70)
   Less:
     Amount due within one year                                             24                                                                (990)                (975)
Total long-term debt                                                                                                                        27,048               23,906

(1) At December 31, 2021 and 2020, notes issued under the 2016 U.S. trust indenture totaled $4,100 million and $1,750 million in U.S. dollars, respectively, and have been
    hedged for foreign currency fluctuations through cross currency interest rate swaps. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional details.



Bell Canada's debt securities have been issued in Canadian dollars with the exception of debt securities issued under the 2016
U.S. trust indenture, which have been issued in U.S. dollars. All debt securities bear a fixed interest rate.
Restrictions

Some of our debt agreements:

    •   impose covenants and new issue tests
    •   require us to make an offer to repurchase certain series of debt securities upon the occurrence of a change of control
        event as defined in the relevant debt agreements

We are in compliance with all conditions and restrictions under such debt agreements.

In Q4 2021, Bell Canada successfully completed a proxy solicitation and obtained the necessary approval from debenture
holders to make certain amendments under its1976 trust indenture, including the deletion of covenants that require Bell Canada
to meet certain financial ratio tests when issuing long-term debt.



All outstanding debt securities have been issued under trust indentures, are unsecured and have been guaranteed by BCE. All
debt securities have been issued in series and certain series are redeemable at Bell Canada’s option prior to maturity at the
prices, times and conditions specified for each series.

2021
On August 12, 2021, Bell Canada issued, under its 2016 trust indenture, 2.15% Series US-5 Notes, with a principal amount of
$600 million in U.S. dollars ($755 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on February 15, 2032, and 3.20% Series US-6
Notes, with a principal amount of $650 million in U.S. dollars ($818 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on February 15,
2052.

On May 28, 2021, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 2.20% Series M-56 medium term note (MTN) debentures,
with a principal amount of $500 million, which mature on May 29, 2028. This issue constitutes Bell Canada's first sustainability
bond offering.

On April 19, 2021, Bell Canada redeemed, prior to maturity, its 3.00% Series M-40 MTN debentures, having an outstanding
principal amount of $1.7 billion, which were due on October 3, 2022.

On March 17, 2021, Bell Canada issued, under its 1997 trust indenture, 3.00% Series M-54 MTN debentures, with a principal
amount of $1 billion, which mature on March 17, 2031, and 4.05% Series M-55 MTN debentures, with a principal amount of
$550 million, which mature on March 17, 2051.

Additionally, on March 17, 2021, Bell Canada issued, under its 2016 trust indenture, 0.75% Series US-3 Notes, with a principal
amount of $600 million in U.S. dollars ($747 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on March 17, 2024, and 3.65% Series
US-4 Notes, with a principal amount of $500 million in U.S. dollars ($623 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on March 17,
2051.

The Series US-3, Series US-4, Series US-5 and Series US-6 Notes (collectively, the Notes) have been hedged for foreign
currency fluctuations through cross currency interest rate swaps. See Note 29, Financial and capital management, for additional
details.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized early debt redemption costs of $53 million, which were recorded in Other
income (expense) in the income statement.

Subsequent to year end, on February 11, 2022, Bell Canada issued, under its 2016 trust indenture, 3.65% Series US-7 Notes,
with a principal amount of $750 million in U.S. dollars ($954 million in Canadian dollars), which mature on August 15, 2052. The
Series US-7 Notes have been hedged for foreign currency fluctuations through cross currency interest rate swaps.

Additionally, subsequent to year end, on February 14, 2022, Bell Canada announced it will redeem, on March 16, 2022, prior to
maturity, its 3.35% Series M-26 MTN debentures, having an outstanding principal amount of $1 billion, which were due on March
22, 2023. We expect to incur early debt redemption charges of $18 million.
2020
On November 6, 2020, Bell Canada redeemed, prior to maturity, its 2.00% Series M-42 MTN debentures, having an outstanding
principal amount of $850 million, which were due on October 1, 2021.

On September 14, 2020, Bell Canada redeemed, prior to maturity, its 3.15% Series M-30 MTN debentures, having an
outstanding principal amount of $750 million, which were due on September 29, 2021.

On August 14, 2020, Bell Canada issued 1.65% Series M-53 MTN debentures under its 1997 trust indenture, with a principal
amount of $750 million, which mature on August 16, 2027.

On May 14, 2020, Bell Canada issued 2.50% Series M-52 MTN debentures under its 1997 trust indenture, with a principal
amount of $1 billion, which mature on May 14, 2030.

On May 14, 2020 and February 13, 2020, Bell Canada issued 3.50% Series M-51 MTN debentures under its 1997 trust
indenture, with a principal amount of $500 million and $750 million, respectively, which mature on September 30, 2050.

On March 25, 2020, Bell Canada issued 3.35% Series M-47 MTN debentures under its 1997 trust indenture, with a principal
amount of $1 billion, which mature on March 12, 2025.

On March 16, 2020, Bell Canada redeemed, prior to maturity, its 4.95% Series M-24 MTN debentures, having an outstanding
principal amount of $500 million, which were due on May 19, 2021.

During the first half of 2020, Bell Canada drew $1,450 million in U.S. dollars ($2,035 million in Canadian dollars) under its
committed credit facilities. In Q2 2020, Bell Canada repaid all of the U.S. dollar borrowings under such facilities. The borrowings,
which were included in long-term debt, were hedged for foreign currency fluctuations through foreign exchange forward
contracts. Accordingly, in Q2 2020, the forward contracts used to hedge these borrowings were settled. See Note 29, Financial
and capital management, for additional details.

For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized early debt redemption costs of $50 million, which were recorded in Other
income (expense) in the income statement.




Note 26 Provisions
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                NOTE        AROs             Other (1)            Total
January 1, 2021                                                                            202                206               408
Additions                                                                                    7                 54                61
Usage                                                                                       (7)               (28)              (35)
Reversals                                                                                  (20)                (6)              (26)
December 31, 2021                                                                          182                226               408
Current                                                                         23          22                 59                81
Non-current                                                                     28         160                167               327
December 31, 2021                                                                          182                226               408
(1) Other includes environmental, legal, vacant space and other provisions.


AROs reflect management’s best estimates of expected future costs to restore current leased premises to their original condition
prior to lease inception. Cash outflows associated with our ARO liabilities are generally expected to occur at the restoration dates
of the assets to which they relate, which are long-term in nature. The timing and extent of restoration work that will be ultimately
required for these sites is uncertain.
Note 27 Post-employment benefit plans
POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS COST
We provide pension and other benefits for most of our employees. These include DB pension plans, DC pension plans and
OPEBs.

We operate our DB and DC pension plans under applicable Canadian and provincial pension legislation, which prescribes
minimum and maximum DB funding requirements. Plan assets are held in trust, and the oversight of governance of the
plans, including investment decisions, contributions to DB plans and the selection of the DC plans investment options
offered to plan participants, lies with the Risk and Pension Fund Committee, a committee of our board of directors.

The interest rate risk is managed using a liability matching approach, which reduces the exposure of the DB plans to a
mismatch between investment growth and obligation growth.

The longevity risk is managed using a longevity swap, which reduces the exposure of the DB plans to an increase in life
expectancy.

COMPONENTS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS SERVICE COST

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                   2021         2020
DB pension                                                                                                                      (223)        (219)
DC pension                                                                                                                      (113)        (113)
OPEBs                                                                                                                             (2)          (2)
Less:
  Capitalized benefit plans cost                                                                                                  72           65
Total post-employment benefit plans service cost                                                                                (266)        (269)


COMPONENTS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS FINANCING COST

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                   2021         2020
DB pension                                                                                                                        11           (10)
OPEBs                                                                                                                            (31)          (36)
Total interest on post-employment benefit obligations                                                                            (20)          (46)


The statements of comprehensive income include the following amounts before income taxes.

                                                                                                                                 2021         2020
Cumulative losses recognized directly in equity, January 1                                                                    (2,014)       (2,701)
  Actuarial gains in other comprehensive income from continuing operations(1)                                                  3,020           732
  Increase in the effect of the asset limit in other comprehensive income from continuing
  operations (2)                                                                                                                (587)          (45)
Cumulative gains (losses) recognized directly in equity, December 31                                                             419        (2,014)
(1) The cumulative actuarial gains recognized in the statement of comprehensive income are $805 million in 2021.
(2) The cumulative increase in the effect of the asset limit recognized in the statement of comprehensive income is $386 million in 2021.
      COMPONENTS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT (OBLIGATIONS) ASSETS

      The following table shows the change in post-employment benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets.
                                                                               DB PENSION PLANS               OPEB PLANS                        TOTAL
                                                                                    2021          2020          2021            2020          2021            2020
      Post-employment benefit obligations, January 1                            (27,149)       (25,650)      (1,600)          (1,529)      (28,749)      (27,179)
         Current service cost                                                      (223)          (219)          (2)              (2)         (225)         (221)
         Interest on obligations                                                   (697)          (782)         (39)             (46)         (736)         (828)
         Actuarial gains (losses)(1)                                              2,137         (1,830)         113              (90)        2,250        (1,920)
         Benefit payments                                                         1,396          1,342           71               67         1,467         1,409
         Employee contributions                                                      (9)           (10)          —                —             (9)          (10)
         Other                                                                        1             —            —                —              1            —
      Post-employment benefit obligations, December 31                          (24,544)       (27,149)      (1,457)          (1,600)      (26,001)      (28,749)
      Fair value of plan assets, January 1                                       27,785         25,530          344              320        28,129        25,850
         Expected return on plan assets(2)                                          708            772            8               10           716           782
         Actuarial gains(1)                                                         766          2,632            4               20           770         2,652
         Benefit payments                                                        (1,396)        (1,342)         (71)             (67)       (1,467)       (1,409)
         Employer contributions                                                     168            183           65               61           233           244
         Employee contributions                                                       9             10           —                —              9            10
         Other                                                                       —              —             1               —              1            —
      Fair value of plan assets, December 31                                     28,040         27,785          351              344        28,391        28,129
      Plan asset (deficit)                                                        3,496            636       (1,106)          (1,256)        2,390          (620)
      Effect of asset limit                                                        (652)           (65)          —                —           (652)          (65)
      Post-employment benefit asset (liability),
      December 31                                                                 2,844            571       (1,106)          (1,256)        1,738          (685)
      Post-employment benefit assets                                              3,472          1,277           —                —          3,472         1,277
      Post-employment benefit obligations                                          (628)          (706)      (1,106)          (1,256)       (1,734)       (1,962)
      (1) Actuarial gains (losses) include experience gains of $907 million in 2021 and $2,613 million in 2020.
      (2) The actual return on plan assets was $1,486 million or 5.7% in 2021 and $3,434 million or 13.7% in 2020.


      FUNDED STATUS OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS COST

      The following table shows the funded status of our post-employment benefit obligations.

                                                           FUNDED                PARTIALLY FUNDED(1)                 UNFUNDED(2)                      TOTAL
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                             2021          2020          2021          2020             2021         2020          2021            2020
Present value of post-employment benefit
obligations                                            (23,872)      (26,421)        (1,840)       (2,011)            (289)        (317)      (26,001)        (28,749)
Fair value of plan assets                               27,979        27,727            412           402               —            —         28,391          28,129
Plan surplus (deficit)                                   4,107         1,306         (1,428)       (1,609)            (289)        (317)        2,390           (620)
(1) The partially funded plans consist of supplementary executive retirement plans (SERPs) for eligible employees and certain OPEBs. The company partially funds the
    SERPs through letters of credit and a retirement compensation arrangement account with Canada Revenue Agency. Certain paid-up life insurance benefits are funded
    through life insurance contracts.
(2) Our unfunded plans consist of certain OPEBs, which are paid as claims are incurred.




      SIGNIFICANT ASSUMPTIONS
      We used the following key assumptions to measure the post-employment benefit obligations and the net benefit plans cost
      for the DB pension plans and OPEB plans. These assumptions are long-term, which is consistent with the nature of post-
      employment benefit plans.
                                                                                                DB PENSION PLANS AND OPEB PLANS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                               2021           2020

Post-employment benefit obligations
  Discount rate                                                                                               3.2 %            2.6 %
  Rate of compensation increase                                                                              2.25 %           2.25 %
  Cost of living indexation rate(1)                                                                           1.6 %            1.6 %
  Life expectancy at age 65 (years)                                                                          23.3             23.2
(1) Cost of living indexation rate is only applicable to DB pension plans.
                                                                                                    DB PENSION PLANS AND OPEB
                                                                                                              PLANS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                               2021           2020

Net post-employment benefit plans cost
  Discount rate                                                                                               2.9 %            3.2 %
  Rate of compensation increase                                                                              2.25 %           2.25 %
  Cost of living indexation rate(1)                                                                           1.6 %            1.6 %
  Life expectancy at age 65 (years)                                                                          23.2             23.2

(1) Cost of living indexation rate is only applicable to DB pension plans.



The weighted average duration of the post-employment benefit obligation is 14 years.

We assumed the following trend rates in healthcare costs:
•   an annual increase in the cost of medication of 6.5% for 2021 decreasing to 4.0% over 20 years
•   an annual increase in the cost of covered dental benefits of 4%
•   an annual increase in the cost of covered hospital benefits of 3.7%
•   an annual increase in the cost of other covered healthcare benefits of 4%
Assumed trend rates in healthcare costs have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the healthcare plans.
The following table shows the effect of a 1% change in the assumed trend rates in healthcare costs.
EFFECT ON POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS – INCREASE/(DECREASE)                                                 1% INCREASE    1% DECREASE
Total service and interest cost                                                                                   3              (2)
Post-employment benefit obligations                                                                             101             (86)


SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS

The following table shows a sensitivity analysis of key assumptions used to measure the net post-employment benefit
obligations and the net post-employment benefit plans cost for our DB pension plans and OPEB plans.

                                                                                                      IMPACT ON POST-EMPLOYMENT
                                                                                                                BENEFIT
                                                                      IMPACT ON NET POST-EMPLOYMENT OBLIGATIONS AT DECEMBER 31, 2021
                                                                        BENEFIT PLANS COST FOR 2021 –               –
                                                                            INCREASE/(DECREASE)           INCREASE/(DECREASE)
                                                       CHANGE IN             INCREASE IN   DECREASE IN   INCREASE IN    DECREASE IN
                                                     ASSUMPTION              ASSUMPTION    ASSUMPTION    ASSUMPTION     ASSUMPTION
Discount rate                                                0.5 %                  (68)           57         (1,612)         1,794
Life expectancy at age 65                                    1 year                  32           (32)           936           (962)


POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLAN ASSETS
The investment strategy for the post-employment benefit plan assets is to maintain a diversified portfolio of assets invested
in a prudent manner to maintain the security of benefits.
The following table shows the target allocations for 2021 and the allocation of our post-employment benefit plan assets at
December 31, 2021 and 2020.

                                                                  WEIGHTED
                                                                   AVERAGE
                                                                     TARGET
                                                                 ALLOCATION       TOTAL PLAN ASSETS FAIR VALUE
ASSET CATEGORY                                                           2021   December 31, 2021      December 31, 2020
Equity securities                                                    0%-40%                  16 %                 23 %
Debt securities                                                    60%-100%                  64 %                 60 %
Alternative investments                                              0%-50%                  20 %                 17 %
Total                                                                                       100 %                100 %


The following table shows the fair value of the DB pension plan assets for each category.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                  2021                2020
Observable markets data
  Equity securities
      Canadian                                                                                  952               1,027
      Foreign                                                                                 3,436               5,242
  Debt securities
      Canadian                                                                               13,643              13,361
      Foreign                                                                                 2,728               2,913
      Money market                                                                            1,466                 369
Non-observable markets inputs
  Alternative investments
      Private equities                                                                        3,123               2,564
      Hedge funds                                                                             1,208               1,200
      Real estate                                                                             1,429               1,033
      Other                                                                                      55                  76
Total                                                                                        28,040              27,785


Equity securities included approximately $3 million of BCE common shares, or 0.01% of total plan assets, at
December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively.

Debt securities included approximately $85 million of Bell Canada debentures, or 0.30% of total plan assets, at
December 31, 2021 and approximately $141 million of Bell Canada debentures, or 0.51% of total plan assets, at
December 31, 2020.

Alternative investments included an investment in MLSE of $149 million, or 0.53% of total plan assets, at
December 31, 2021 and $149 million, or 0.54% of total plan assets, at December 31, 2020.

The Bell Canada pension plan has an investment arrangement which hedges part of its exposure to potential increases in
longevity, which covers approximately $4 billion of post-employment benefit obligations. The fair value of the arrangement is
included within other alternative investments.
CASH FLOWS


We are responsible for adequately funding our DB pension plans. We make contributions to them based on various
actuarial cost methods that are permitted by pension regulatory authorities. Contributions reflect actuarial assumptions
about future investment returns, salary projections and future service benefits. Changes in these factors could cause actual
future contributions to differ from our current estimates and could require us to increase contributions to our post-
employment benefit plans in the future, which could have a negative effect on our liquidity and financial performance.
We contribute to the DC pension plans as employees provide service.
The following table shows the amounts we contributed to the DB and DC pension plans and the payments made to
beneficiaries under OPEB plans.
                                             DB PLANS                    DC PLANS                  OPEB PLANS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                2021         2020          2021          2020          2021         2020
Contributions/payments                       (168)        (183)         (114)         (114)          (65)          (61)



We expect to contribute approximately $90 million to our DB pension plans in 2022, subject to actuarial valuations being
completed. We expect to contribute approximately $110 million to the DC pension plans and to pay approximately $75
million to beneficiaries under OPEB plans in 2022.



Note 28 Other non-current liabilities
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                       NOTE            2021           2020
Long-term disability benefits obligation                                                             327            361
Provisions                                                                              26           327            355
Derivative liabilities                                                                  29            43             98
CRTC deferral account obligation                                                        29            43             69
Other                                                                                                263            262
Total other non-current liabilities                                                                1,003          1,145
Note 29               Financial and capital management
Financial management
Management’s objectives are to protect BCE and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis against material economic exposures
and variability of results from various financial risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk, interest rate risk,
commodity price risk and equity price risk.

DERIVATIVES
We use derivative instruments to manage our exposure to foreign currency risk, interest rate risk, commodity price risk and
changes in the price of BCE common shares.


FAIR VALUE
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date.
Certain fair value estimates are affected by assumptions we make about the amount and timing of future cash flows and discount
rates, all of which reflect varying degrees of risk. Income taxes and other expenses that may be incurred on disposition of
financial instruments are not reflected in the fair values. As a result, the fair values may not be the net amounts that would be
realized if these instruments were settled.
The carrying values of our cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, dividends payable, trade payables and
accruals, compensation payable, severance and other costs payable, interest payable, notes payable and loans secured by trade
receivables approximate fair value as they are short-term. The carrying value of wireless device financing plan receivables
approximates fair value given that their average remaining duration is short and the carrying value is reduced by an allowance for
doubtful accounts and an allowance for revenue adjustments.
The following table provides the fair value details of other financial instruments measured at amortized cost in the statements of
financial position.
                                                                                                     December 31, 2021                 December 31, 2020
                                                    FAIR VALUE                                     CARRYING                          CARRYING
                        CLASSIFICATION              METHODOLOGY                         NOTE          VALUE        FAIR VALUE           VALUE       FAIR VALUE

CRTC deferral           Trade payables and          Present value of estimated        23, 28                66               67              82                 86
account obligation      other liabilities and       future cash flows
                        other non-current           discounted using
                        liabilities                 observable market interest
                                                    rates
Debt securities and Debt due within one             Quoted market price of            24, 25           23,729             26,354         20,525          24,366
other debt          year and long-term              debt
                    debt



The following table provides the fair value details of financial instruments measured at fair value in the statements of financial
position.
                                                                                                                            FAIR VALUE
                                                                                           QUOTED PRICES IN
                                                                                            ACTIVE MARKETS                   OBSERVABLE NON-OBSERVABLE
                                                                                              FOR IDENTICAL                  MARKET DATA MARKET INPUTS
                                CLASSIFICATION                   NOTE       CARRYING VALUE  ASSETS (LEVEL 1)                   (LEVEL 2)(1)   (LEVEL 3)(2)
December 31, 2021
Publicly-traded and             Other non-current assets             21                    183                      24                   —                    159
privately-held
investments(3)
Derivative financial            Other current assets, trade                                279                       —                279                       —
instruments                     payables and other
                                liabilities, other non-current
                                assets and liabilities
MLSE financial liability(4)     Trade payables and other             23                   (149)                      —                   —                    (149)
                                liabilities
Other                           Other non-current assets                                   122                       —                185                      (63)
                                and liabilities
December 31, 2020
Publicly-traded and             Other non-current assets             21                    126                        3                  —                    123
privately-held
investments(3)
Derivative financial            Other current assets, trade                                (51)                      —                (51)                      —
instruments                     payables and other
                                liabilities, other non-current
                                assets and liabilities
MLSE financial liability(4)     Trade payables and other             23                   (149)                      —                   —                    (149)
                                liabilities
Other                           Other non-current assets                                   109                       —                167                      (58)
                                and liabilities
(1) Observable market data such as equity prices, interest rates, swap rate curves and foreign currency exchange rates.
(2) Non-observable market inputs such as discounted cash flows and earnings multiples. A reasonable change in our assumptions would not result in a
    significant increase (decrease) to our level 3 financial instruments.
(3) Unrealized gains and losses are recorded in Other comprehensive income from continuing operations in the statements of comprehensive income and
    are reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income to the deficit in the statements of financial position when realized.
(4) Represents BCE’s obligation to repurchase the Master Trust Fund’s 9% interest in MLSE at a price not less than an agreed minimum price, should the
    Master Trust Fund exercise its put option. The obligation to repurchase is marked to market each reporting period and the gain or loss is recognized in
    Other income (expense) in the income statements.
CREDIT RISK
We are exposed to credit risk from operating activities and certain financing activities, the maximum exposure of which is
represented by the carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position.
We are exposed to credit risk if counterparties to our trade receivables, including wireless device financing plan receivables, and
derivative instruments are unable to meet their obligations. The concentration of credit risk from our customers is minimized
because we have a large and diverse customer base. There was minimal credit risk relating to derivative instruments at
December 31, 2021 and 2020. We deal with institutions that have investment-grade credit ratings and we expect that they will be
able to meet their obligations. We regularly monitor our credit risk and credit exposure.
The following table provides the change in allowance for doubtful accounts for trade receivables, including the current portion of
wireless device financing plan receivables.

                                                                                                   NOTE          2021         2020
Balance, January 1                                                                                               (149)         (62)
Additions                                                                                                         (83)        (134)
Usage and reversals                                                                                                96           47
Balance, December 31                                                                                  11         (136)        (149)

In many instances, trade receivables are written off directly to bad debt expense if the account has not been collected after a
predetermined period of time.


The following table provides further details on trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts.
AT DECEMBER 31                                                                                                2021            2020
Trade receivables not past due                                                                               2,958           2,574
Trade receivables past due
   Under 60 days                                                                                               420             432
   60 to 120 days                                                                                              284             214
   Over 120 days                                                                                                45              45
Trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts                                                    3,707           3,265



The following table provides the change in allowance for doubtful accounts for contract assets.

                                                                                                   NOTE          2021         2020
Balance, January 1                                                                                                (59)            (68)
Additions                                                                                                          (9)            (31)
Usage and reversals                                                                                                48              40
Balance, December 31                                                                                              (20)            (59)
Current                                                                                                            (6)            (29)
Non-current                                                                                                       (14)            (30)
Balance, December 31                                                                                   13         (20)            (59)
LIQUIDITY RISK
Our cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and possible capital markets financing are expected to be sufficient
to fund our operations and fulfill our obligations as they become due. Should our cash requirements exceed the above sources of
cash, we would expect to cover such a shortfall by drawing on existing committed bank facilities and new ones, to the extent
available.
The following table is a maturity analysis for recognized financial liabilities at December 31, 2021 for each of the next five years
and thereafter.

                                                                                                                THERE-
AT DECEMBER 31, 2021                                NOTE        2022      2023      2024      2025       2026   AFTER     TOTAL
Long-term debt                                         25       156     1,632     2,060     2,153      1,561    16,289     23,851
Notes payable                                          24       735        —         —         —          —         —         735
Lease liabilities (1)                                         1,009       833       541       439        406     1,922      5,150
Loan secured by trade receivables                      24       900        —         —         —          —         —         900
Interest payable on long-term debt, notes
payable and loan secured by trade
receivables                                                    918        890       825       770        718     9,068     13,189
Net payments (receipts) on cross currency
interest rate swaps                                              11        12        (2)       12         12       314        359
MLSE financial liability                               23       149        —         —         —          —         —         149
Total                                                         3,878     3,367     3,424     3,374      2,697    27,593     44,333
(1) Includes imputed interest of $841 million.



We are also exposed to liquidity risk for financial liabilities due within one year as shown in the statements of financial position.


MARKET RISK

CURRENCY EXPOSURES
We use forward contracts, options and cross currency interest rate swaps to manage foreign currency risk related to anticipated
purchases and certain foreign currency debt.
At December 31, 2021, we had entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of $3,500 million in
U.S. dollars ($4,511 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the U.S. currency exposure of our U.S. Notes maturing from 2032 to
2052. See Note 25, Long-term debt, for additional details.

In the first half of 2020, we entered into foreign currency forward contracts with a notional amount of $1,453 million in U.S. dollars
($2,039 million in Canadian dollars) to hedge the foreign currency risk associated with amounts drawn under our committed
credit facilities. These foreign currency forward contracts matured in Q2 2020 and a loss of $14 million was recognized in Other
income (expense) in the income statements, which offsets the foreign currency gain on the repayment of drawdowns under the
credit facilities.

A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar would result in a loss of $7 million
(loss of $20 million) recognized in net earnings from continuing operations at December 31, 2021 and a gain of $241 million (loss
of $221 million) recognized in Other comprehensive income from continuing operations at December 31, 2021, with all other
variables held constant.

A 10% depreciation (appreciation) in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the Philippine peso would result in a gain (loss)
of $4 million recognized in Other comprehensive income from continuing operations at December 31, 2021, with all other
variables held constant.
The following table provides further details on our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts and options as at
December 31, 2021.
                                                 AMOUNT TO          SELL     AMOUNT TO
TYPE OF HEDGE                 BUY CURRENCY         RECEIVE      CURRENCY           PAY           MATURITY                HEDGED ITEM
Cash flow                                USD             561          CAD           721               2022 Commercial paper
Cash flow                                PHP           2,270          CAD            58               2022 Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                                USD             568          CAD           723               2022 Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                                USD             550          CAD           678               2023 Anticipated purchases
Cash flow - call options                 USD             212          CAD           275               2022 Anticipated purchases
Cash flow - put options                  USD             212          CAD           272               2022 Anticipated purchases
Economic                                 USD              40          CAD            50               2022 Anticipated purchases
Economic - put options                   USD              99          CAD           123               2022 Anticipated purchases
Economic - call options                  USD             150          CAD           178               2022 Anticipated purchases
Economic - call options                  CAD             190          USD           150               2022 Anticipated purchases
Economic - put options                   USD             240          CAD           290               2023 Anticipated purchases


INTEREST RATE EXPOSURES
In 2021, we entered into cross currency interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $600 million in U.S. dollars ($748 million in
Canadian dollars) to hedge the interest exposure of our U.S. Notes maturing in 2024. See Note 25, Long-term debt, for additional
details.
In 2021, we entered into forward starting interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $127 million to hedge the interest rate
exposure on future debt issuances. In 2021, we also entered into cross currency basis rate swaps with a notional amount of
$127 million to hedge economically the basis rate exposure on future debt issuances. The fair value of these cross currency
basis rate swaps at December 31, 2021 was an asset of $1 million recognized in Other current assets in the statements of
financial position. A gain of $1 million is recognized in Other income (expense) in the income statements.
In 2020, we entered into leveraged interest rate options to hedge economically the dividend rate resets on $582 million of our
preferred shares having varying reset dates in 2021 for the periods ending in 2026. The fair value of these leveraged interest rate
options at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 was a net liability of $2 million and $6 million, respectively, recognized in
Other current assets, Trade payables and other liabilities, Other non-current assets and Other non-current liabilities in the
statements of financial position. A gain (loss) of $15 million and ($6 million) for the year ended December 31, 2021 and
December 31, 2020, respectively, relating to these leveraged interest rate options is recognized in Other income (expense) in the
income statements.
A 1% increase (decrease) in interest rates would result in a loss of $4 million (gain of $3 million) in net earnings from continuing
operations at December 31, 2021 and a gain of $18 million (loss of $25 million) recognized in Other comprehensive income from
continuing operations at December 31, 2021, with all other variables held constant.


EQUITY PRICE EXPOSURES
We use equity forward contracts on BCE’s common shares to hedge economically the cash flow exposure related to the
settlement of equity settled share-based compensation plans. See Note 31, Share-based payments, for details on our share-
based payment arrangements. The fair value of our equity forward contracts at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 was
a net asset of $130 million and a net liability of $82 million, respectively, recognized in Other current assets, Trade payables and
other liabilities, Other non-current assets and Other non-current liabilities in the statements of financial position. A gain (loss) of
$278 million and ($51 million) for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, relating to these equity forward
contracts is recognized in Other income (expense) in the income statements.
A 5% increase (decrease) in the market price of BCE’s common shares at December 31, 2021 would result in a gain (loss) of
$43 million recognized in net earnings from continuing operations, with all other variables held constant.
COMMODITY PRICE EXPOSURES
In 2020, we entered into fuel swaps to hedge economically the purchase cost of fuel in 2020 and 2021. These fuel swaps have
matured and a gain of $6 million and $3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is recognized in
Other income (expense) in the income statements.


Capital management
We have various capital policies, procedures and processes which are utilized to achieve our objectives for capital management.
These include optimizing our cost of capital and maximizing shareholder return while balancing the interests of our stakeholders.
Our definition of capital includes equity attributable to BCE shareholders, debt, and cash and cash equivalents.
The key ratios that we use to monitor and manage our capital structure are a net debt leverage ratio(1) and an adjusted EBITDA to
adjusted net interest expense ratio(2). In 2021 and 2020, our net debt leverage ratio target range was 2.0 to 2.5 times adjusted
EBITDA and our adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio target was greater than 7.5 times. At
December 31, 2021, we had exceeded the limit of our internal net debt leverage ratio target range by 0.68.
We use, and believe that certain investors and analysts use, our net debt leverage ratio and adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net
interest expense ratio as measures of financial leverage and health of the company.
The following table provides a summary of our key ratios.
AT DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                                 2021                2020
Net debt leverage ratio                                                                                                                       3.18                2.93
Adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio                                                                                        8.77                8.32



On February 2, 2022, the board of directors of BCE approved an increase of 5.1% in the annual dividend on BCE’s common
shares, from $3.50 to $3.68 per common share. In addition, the board of directors of BCE declared a quarterly dividend of $0.92
per common share payable on April 15, 2022 to the shareholders of record at March 15, 2022.
On February 3, 2021, the board of directors of BCE approved an increase of 5.1% in the annual dividend on BCE's common
shares, from $3.33 to $3.50 per common share.
In Q4 2021, BCE renewed its normal course issuer bid program (NCIB) with respect to its First Preferred Shares. See Note 30,
Share capital, for additional details.


(1) Our net debt leverage ratio represents net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA. We define net debt as debt due within one year plus long-term debt and 50% of
    preferred shares, less cash and cash equivalents, as shown in our statements of financial position. For the purposes of calculating our net debt leverage ratio,
    adjusted EBITDA is twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA.
(2) Our adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio represents adjusted EBITDA divided by adjusted net interest expense. We define adjusted net interest
    expense as twelve-month trailing net interest expense as shown in our statements of cash flows plus 50% of twelve-month trailing net earnings attributable to
    preferred shareholders as shown in our income statements. For the purposes of calculating our adjusted EBITDA to adjusted net interest expense ratio, adjusted
    EBITDA is twelve-month trailing adjusted EBITDA.
Note 30                       Share capital
Preferred shares
BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended, provide for an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares and Second Preferred
Shares, all without par value. The terms set out in the articles authorize BCE’s directors to issue the shares in one or more series
and to set the number of shares and the conditions for each series.
The following table provides a summary of the principal terms of BCE’s First Preferred Shares as at December 31, 2021. There
were no Second Preferred Shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021. BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended,
describe the terms and conditions of these shares in detail.
                                                                                                        NUMBER OF SHARES                      STATED CAPITAL
              ANNUAL
             DIVIDEND     CONVERTIBLE                                                 REDEMPTION                     ISSUED AND       DECEMBER 31,        DECEMBER 31,
SERIES           RATE            INTO     CONVERSION DATE        REDEMPTION DATE           PRICE      AUTHORIZED    OUTSTANDING              2021                2020
Q              floating      Series R     December 1, 2030                                 $25.50      8,000,000              —                   —                   —
R(1)          3.018 %        Series Q     December 1, 2025       December 1, 2025          $25.00      8,000,000       7,998,900                 200                 200
S              floating      Series T     November 1, 2026             At any time         $25.50      8,000,000       2,128,267                  53                  88
T(1)           4.99 %        Series S     November 1, 2026       November 1, 2026          $25.00      8,000,000       5,870,133                 147                 112
Y              floating      Series Z     December 1, 2022             At any time         $25.50     10,000,000       8,079,291                 202                 202
Z(1)          3.904 %        Series Y     December 1, 2022       December 1, 2022          $25.00     10,000,000       1,918,509                  48                  48
AA(1)          3.61 %       Series AB     September 1, 2022     September 1, 2022          $25.00     20,000,000      11,397,196                 291                 291
AB             floating     Series AA     September 1, 2022            At any time         $25.50     20,000,000       8,599,204                 219                 219
AC(1)          4.38 %       Series AD         March 1, 2023         March 1, 2023          $25.00     20,000,000      10,027,991                 256                 256
AD             floating     Series AC         March 1, 2023            At any time         $25.50     20,000,000       9,963,209                 254                 254
AE             floating     Series AF      February 1, 2025            At any time         $25.50     24,000,000       6,512,913                 163                 163
AF(1)         3.865 %       Series AE      February 1, 2025       February 1, 2025         $25.00     24,000,000       9,481,487                 237                 237
AG(1)          3.37 %       Series AH          May 1, 2026            May 1, 2026          $25.00     22,000,000       8,979,530                 224                 125
AH             floating     Series AG          May 1, 2026             At any time         $25.50     22,000,000       5,017,570                 125                 225
AI(1)          3.39 %       Series AJ        August 1, 2026        August 1, 2026          $25.00     22,000,000       9,535,040                 238                 149
AJ             floating      Series AI       August 1, 2026            At any time         $25.50     22,000,000       4,464,960                 112                 201
AK(1)         3.306 %       Series AL    December 31, 2026      December 31, 2026          $25.00     25,000,000      23,190,312                 580                 568
AL(2)          floating     Series AK    December 31, 2026             At any time                    25,000,000       1,799,388                  45                  56
AM(1)         2.939 %       Series AN        March 31, 2026        March 31, 2026          $25.00     30,000,000      10,439,978                 239                 218
AN(2)          floating     Series AM        March 31, 2026            At any time                    30,000,000       1,054,722                  24                  45
AO(1)          4.26 %       Series AP        March 31, 2022        March 31, 2022          $25.00     30,000,000       4,600,000                 118                 118
AP(3)          floating     Series AO        March 31, 2027                                           30,000,000              —                   —                   —
AQ(1)         4.812 %       Series AR    September 30, 2023    September 30, 2023          $25.00     30,000,000       9,200,000                 228                 228
AR(3)          floating     Series AQ    September 30, 2028                                           30,000,000              —                   —                   —
                                                                                                                                               4,003               4,003


(1)     BCE may redeem each of these series of First Preferred Shares on the applicable redemption date and every five years thereafter.
(2)     BCE may redeem Series AL and AN First Preferred Shares at $25.00 per share on December 31, 2026 and March 31, 2026, respectively, and every five years
        thereafter (each, a Series conversion date). Alternatively, BCE may redeem Series AL or AN First Preferred Shares at $25.50 per share on any date which is not a
        Series conversion date for the applicable series of First Preferred Shares.
(3)     If Series AP or AR First Preferred Shares are issued on March 31, 2022 and September 30, 2023, respectively, BCE may redeem such shares at $25.00 per share on
        March 31, 2027 and September 30, 2028, respectively, and every five years thereafter (each, a Series conversion date). Alternatively, BCE may redeem Series AP or
        AR First Preferred Shares at $25.50 per share on any date which is not a Series conversion date for the applicable series of First Preferred Shares.


NORMAL COURSE ISSUER BID FOR BCE FIRST PREFERRED SHARES

On November 4, 2021, BCE renewed its NCIB to purchase for cancellation up to 10% of the public float of each series of BCE’s
outstanding First Preferred Shares that are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The NCIB will extend up to November 8, 2022,
or an earlier date should BCE complete its purchases under the NCIB.
VOTING RIGHTS

All of the issued and outstanding First Preferred Shares at December 31, 2021 are non-voting, except under special
circumstances when the holders are entitled to one vote per share.

PRIORITY AND ENTITLEMENT TO DIVIDENDS
The First Preferred Shares of all series rank at parity with each other and in priority to all other shares of BCE with respect to
payment of dividends and with respect to distribution of assets in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of BCE.

Holders of Series R, T, Z, AA, AC, AF, AG, AI, AK, AM, AO and AQ First Preferred Shares are entitled to fixed cumulative
quarterly dividends. The dividend rate on these shares is reset every five years, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as
amended.

Holders of Series S, Y, AB, AD, AE, AH and AJ First Preferred Shares are entitled to floating adjustable cumulative monthly
dividends. The floating dividend rate on these shares is calculated every month, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as
amended.

Holders of Series AL and AN First Preferred Shares are entitled to floating cumulative quarterly dividends. The floating dividend
rate on these shares is calculated every quarter, as set out in BCE’s articles of amalgamation, as amended.

Dividends on all series of First Preferred Shares are paid as and when declared by the board of directors of BCE.

CONVERSION FEATURES

All of the issued and outstanding First Preferred Shares at December 31, 2021 are convertible at the holder’s option into another
associated series of First Preferred Shares on a one-for-one basis according to the terms set out in BCE’s articles of
amalgamation, as amended.

REDEMPTION OF SERIES AO PREFERRED SHARES

Subsequent to year end, on February 24, 2022, BCE announced it will redeem, on March 31, 2022, its 4,600,000 issued and
outstanding Series AO Preferred Shares at $25 per share for a total amount of $115 million.


Common shares and Class B shares
BCE’s articles of amalgamation provide for an unlimited number of voting common shares and non-voting Class B shares, all
without par value. The common shares and the Class B shares rank equally in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of
assets if BCE is liquidated, dissolved or wound up, after payments due to the holders of preferred shares. No Class B shares
were outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020.

The following table provides details about the outstanding common shares of BCE.
                                                                                   2021                             2020
                                                                         NUMBER OF            STATED      NUMBER OF           STATED
                                                               NOTE         SHARES           CAPITAL         SHARES           CAPITAL
Outstanding, January 1                                                  904,415,010           20,390     903,908,182           20,363
Shares issued under employee stock option plan                    31      4,603,861              272         506,828               27
Outstanding, December 31                                                909,018,871           20,662     904,415,010           20,390


CONTRIBUTED SURPLUS
Contributed surplus in 2021 and 2020 includes premiums in excess of par value upon the issuance of BCE common shares and
share-based compensation expense net of settlements.
Note 31                   Share-based payments
The following share-based payment amounts are included in the income statements as operating costs.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                             2021            2020
ESP                                                                                                         (30)           (31)
RSUs/PSUs                                                                                                   (59)           (51)
Other (1)                                                                                                    (6)            (9)
Total share-based payments                                                                                  (95)           (91)
(1) Includes DSUs and stock options.



Description of the plans
ESP

The ESP is designed to encourage employees of BCE and its participating subsidiaries to own shares of BCE. Employees can
choose to have up to 12% of their eligible annual earnings withheld through regular payroll deductions for the purchase of BCE
common shares. In some cases, the employer also contributes up to 2% of the employee’s eligible annual earnings to the plan.
Dividends are credited to the participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the dividends
paid on BCE common shares. Employer contributions to the ESP and related dividends are subject to employees holding their
shares for a two-year vesting period.

The trustee of the ESP buys BCE common shares for the participants on the open market, by private purchase or from treasury.
BCE determines the method the trustee uses to buy the shares.

At December 31, 2021, 4,360,087 common shares were authorized for issuance from treasury under the ESP. At December 31,
2021 and 2020 there were 1,108,211 and 1,146,980 unvested employer ESP contributions, respectively.

RSUs/PSUs

RSUs/PSUs are granted to executives and other eligible employees. Dividends in the form of additional RSUs/PSUs are credited
to the participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the dividends paid on BCE common
shares. Executives and other eligible employees are granted a specific number of RSUs/PSUs for a given performance period
based mainly on their level and position. RSUs/PSUs vest fully after three years of continuous employment from the date of grant
and if performance objectives are met for certain PSUs, as determined by the board of directors.
The following table summarizes RSUs/PSUs outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020.

NUMBER OF RSUs/PSUs                                                                                                            2021          2020
Outstanding, January 1                                                                                                   2,973,393      2,915,118
Granted(1)                                                                                                               1,178,794        866,127
Dividends credited                                                                                                         175,516        165,435
Settled                                                                                                                 (1,135,128)      (935,117)
Forfeited                                                                                                                 (106,908)       (38,170)
Outstanding, December 31                                                                                                 3,085,667      2,973,393
Vested, December 31(2)                                                                                                   1,000,394      1,065,454
(1) The weighted average fair value of the RSUs/PSUs granted was $60 in 2021 and $63 in 2020.
(2) The RSUs/PSUs vested on December 31, 2021 were fully settled in February 2022 with BCE common shares and/or DSUs.


DSUs

Eligible bonuses and RSUs/PSUs may be paid in the form of DSUs when executives or other eligible employees elect or are
required to participate in the plan. The value of a DSU at the issuance date is equal to the value of one BCE common share. For
non-management directors, compensation is paid in DSUs until the minimum share ownership requirement is met; thereafter, at
least 50% of their compensation is paid in DSUs. There are no vesting requirements relating to DSUs. Dividends in the form of
additional DSUs are credited to the participant’s account on each dividend payment date and are equivalent in value to the
dividends paid on BCE common shares. DSUs are settled when the holder leaves the company.

At December 31, 2021 and 2020 there were 3,365,433 and 4,230,672 DSUs outstanding, respectively.

STOCK OPTIONS

Under BCE’s long-term incentive plans, BCE may grant options to executives to buy BCE common shares. The subscription
price of a grant is based on the higher of:

     •    the volume-weighted average of the trading price on the trading day immediately prior to the effective date of the grant
     •    the volume-weighted average of the trading price for the last five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day
          immediately prior to the effective date of the grant

At December 31, 2021, in addition to the stock options outstanding, 4,461,019 common shares were authorized for issuance
under these plans. Options vest fully after three years of continuous employment from the date of grant. All options become
exercisable when they vest and can be exercised for a period of seven years from the date of grant for options granted prior to
2019 and ten years from the date of grant for options granted since 2019.

The following table summarizes stock options outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020.

                                                                                                     2021                        2020
                                                                                                        WEIGHTED                      WEIGHTED
                                                                                                         AVERAGE                        AVERAGE
                                                                                          NUMBER OF EXERCISE PRICE      NUMBER OF EXERCISE PRICE
                                                                             NOTE           OPTIONS             ($)       OPTIONS             ($)
Outstanding, January 1                                                                    15,650,234              59    12,825,541             57
Granted                                                                                           —               —      3,420,407             65
Exercised(1)                                                                     30       (4,603,861)             57      (506,828)            52
Forfeited or expired                                                                        (267,649)             60       (88,886)            61
Outstanding, December 31                                                                  10,778,724              60    15,650,234             59
Exercisable, December 31                                                                   4,316,424              58     5,186,600             58
(1) The weighted average market share price for options exercised was $64 in 2021 and $63 in 2020.
 The following table provides additional information about BCE’s stock option plans at December 31, 2021 and 2020.

                                                                                       STOCK OPTIONS OUTSTANDING
                                                                         2021                                                         2020
                                                                       WEIGHTED               WEIGHTED                         WEIGHTED                 WEIGHTED
                                                                        AVERAGE                AVERAGE                          AVERAGE                  AVERAGE
                                                                   REMAINING LIFE             EXERCISE                     REMAINING LIFE               EXERCISE
 RANGE OF EXERCISE PRICES                            NUMBER              (YEARS)               PRICE ($)            NUMBER       (YEARS)                 PRICE ($)
 $40-$49                                                 —                         —                  —            187,744                    —¹              48
 $50-$59                                          7,442,442                        4                  58        11,998,200                    5               58
 $60 & above                                      3,336,282                        8                  65         3,464,290                    9               65
                                                 10,778,724                        6                  60        15,650,234                    7               59
 (1) Stock options outstanding expired in February 2021.




 Note 32                    Additional cash flow information
 The following table provides a reconciliation of changes in liabilities arising from financing activities.
                                                                                           DEBT DUE DERIVATIVE TO
                                                                                          WITHIN ONE       HEDGE
                                                                                           YEAR AND      FOREIGN
                                                                                          LONG-TERM  CURRENCY  ON DIVIDENDS     OTHER
                                                                                     NOTE       DEBT      DEBT (1)  PAYABLE LIABILITIES                     TOTAL
 January 1, 2021                                                                                  26,323                  66           766          —      27,155
 Cash flows from (used in) financing activities
    Increase (decrease) in notes payable                                                              378                (27)           —           —         351
    Issue of long-term debt                                                                         4,985                 —             —           —       4,985
    Repayment of long-term debt                                                                    (2,751)                —             —           —      (2,751)
    Cash dividends paid on common and preferred shares                                                 —                  —         (3,257)         —      (3,257)
    Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling
     interests                                                                          36             —                  —            (86)         —         (86)
    Decrease in securitized trade receivables                                                        (150)                —             —           —        (150)
    Other financing activities                                                                        (36)                13            —          (55)       (78)
 Total cash flows from (used in) financing activities
 excluding equity                                                                                   2,426                (14)       (3,343)        (55)      (986)

 Non-cash changes arising from
  Increase in lease liabilities                                                                      787                  —             —          —          787
  Dividends declared on common and preferred shares                                                   —                   —          3,306         —        3,306
  Dividends declared by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                     —                   —             87         —           87
  Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                        (23)                 23            —          —           —
  Business acquisitions                                                                               12                  —             —          —           12
  Other                                                                                              148                   4            (5)        55         202
 Total non-cash changes                                                                              924                  27         3,388         55       4,394
 December 31, 2021                                                                                29,673                  79           811         —       30,563

(1) Included in Other current assets, Other non-current assets and Trade payables and other liabilities in the statement of financial position.
                                                                                           DEBT DUE DERIVATIVE
                                                                                          WITHIN ONE TO HEDGE
                                                                                           YEAR AND   FOREIGN
                                                                                          LONG-TERM CURRENCY DIVIDENDS       OTHER
                                                                                 NOTE           DEBT ON DEBT (1) PAYABLE LIABILITIES                      TOTAL
 January 1, 2020                                                                                26,296               56          729               —     27,081
 Cash flows (used in) from financing activities
    (Decrease) increase in notes payable                                                         (1,810)           169            —                —     (1,641)
    Issue of long-term debt                                                                       6,006             —             —                —      6,006
    Repayment of long-term debt                                                                  (5,003)            —             —                —     (5,003)
    Cash dividends paid on common and preferred shares                                               —              —         (3,107)              —     (3,107)
    Cash dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling
     interests                                                                       36              —               —             (53)            —        (53)
    Discontinued operations                                                          37              (7)             —              —              —         (7)
    Other financing activities                                                                      (31)             —              —             (52)      (83)
 Total cash flows (used in) from financing activities
 excluding equity                                                                                 (845)            169        (3,160)             (52)   (3,888)

 Non-cash changes arising from
  Increase in lease liabilities                                                                    675               —            —               —         675
  Dividends declared on common and preferred shares                                                 —                —         3,147              —       3,147
  Dividends declared by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                   —                —            53              —          53
  Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                      159             (159)          —               —          —
  Business acquisitions                                                                              7               —            —               —           7
  Discontinued operations                                                            37           (106)              —            —               —        (106)
  Other                                                                                            137               —            (3)             52        186
 Total non-cash changes                                                                            872             (159)       3,197              52      3,962
 December 31, 2020                                                                              26,323               66          766              —      27,155

(1) Included in Other current assets, Other non-current assets and Trade payables and other liabilities in the statement of financial position.




 Note 33                  Remaining performance obligations
 The following table shows revenues expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are
 unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) as at December 31, 2021.
                                                       2022              2023             2024              2025             2026      THEREAFTER         TOTAL
 Wireline                                            1,295              946               712               473              215                  548     4,189
 Wireless                                            1,416              561                40                 1                1                   —      2,019
 Total                                               2,711            1,507               752               474              216                  548     6,208

 When estimating minimum transaction prices allocated to the remaining unfulfilled, or partially unfulfilled, performance
 obligations, BCE applied the practical expedient to not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that have
 an original expected duration of one year or less and for those contracts where we bill the same value as that which is
 transferred to the customer.
Note 34             Commitments and contingencies
Commitments
The following table is a summary of our contractual obligations at December 31, 2021 that are due in each of the next five years
and thereafter.
                                                                                                               THERE-
                                                    2022        2023         2024        2025         2026      AFTER        TOTAL
Commitments for property, plant and
   equipment and intangible assets                1,104          757         461         334          219         161        3,036
Purchase obligations                                542          380         245         210          292         221        1,890
Leases committed not yet commenced                    7            2           6           1           —           —            16
Total                                             1,653        1,139         712         545          511         382        4,942

Our commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets include program and feature film rights and
investments to expand and update our networks to meet customer demand.

Purchase obligations consist of contractual obligations under service and product contracts for operating expenditures and other
purchase obligations.


Our commitments for leases not yet commenced include OOH advertising spaces, fibre use and real estate. These leases are
non-cancellable.

Subsequent to year end, in February 2022, Bell acquired a business that provides Internet, telephone and television services to
consumers and businesses in Québec and parts of Ontario. The acquisition is expected to accelerate growth in Bell's residential
and small business customers. The results of the acquired business will be included in our Bell Wireline segment.

Additionally, subsequent to year end, we entered into new commitments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
totaling approximately $1.4 billion, which is payable between 2022 and 2033.



Contingencies

As part of its ongoing review of wholesale Internet rates, on October 6, 2016, the CRTC significantly reduced, on an interim
basis, some of the wholesale rates that Bell Canada and other major providers charge for access by third-party Internet resellers
to fibre-to-the-node (FTTN) or cable networks, as applicable. On August 15, 2019, the CRTC further reduced the wholesale rates
that Internet resellers pay to access network infrastructure built by facilities-based providers like Bell Canada, with retroactive
effect back to March 2016.

The August 2019 decision was stayed, first by the Federal Court of Appeal and then by the CRTC, with the result that it never
came into effect. In response to review and vary applications filed by each of Bell Canada, five major cable carriers (Cogeco
Communications Inc., Bragg Communications Inc. (Eastlink), Rogers Communications Inc., Shaw Communications Inc. and
Videotron Ltée) and Telus Communications Inc., the CRTC issued Decision 2021-182 on May 27, 2021, which mostly reinstated
the rates prevailing prior to August 2019 with some reductions to the Bell Canada rates with retroactive effect to March 2016. As
a result, in Q2 2021, we recorded a reduction in revenue of $44 million in our income statement.

While there remains a requirement to refund monies to third-party Internet resellers, the establishment of final wholesale rates
that are similar to those prevailing since 2019 reduces the impact of the CRTC’s long-running review of wholesale Internet rates
and ensures a better climate for much-needed investment in advanced networks. The decision is being challenged by at least
one reseller, TekSavvy Solutions Inc. (TekSavvy), before the Federal Court of Appeal, where TekSavvy obtained leave to appeal
the decision, and in three petitions brought by TekSavvy, the Canadian Network Operators Consortium Inc. and National Capital
Freenet before Cabinet to overturn the decision.
In the ordinary course of business, we become involved in various claims and legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and
other relief. In particular, because of the nature of our consumer-facing business, we are exposed to class actions pursuant to
which substantial monetary damages may be claimed. Due to the inherent risks and uncertainties of the litigation process, we
cannot predict the final outcome or timing of claims and legal proceedings. Subject to the foregoing, and based on information
currently available and management’s assessment of the merits of the claims and legal proceedings pending at March 3, 2022,
management believes that the ultimate resolution of these claims and legal proceedings is unlikely to have a material and
negative effect on our financial statements. We believe that we have strong defences and we intend to vigorously defend our
positions.



Note 35              Related party transactions
Subsidiaries
The following table shows BCE’s significant subsidiaries at December 31, 2021. BCE has other subsidiaries which have not been
included in the table as each represents less than 10% individually and less than 20% in aggregate of total consolidated
revenues.

All of these significant subsidiaries are incorporated in Canada and provide services to each other in the normal course of
operations. The value of these transactions is eliminated on consolidation.

                                                                                                     OWNERSHIP PERCENTAGE
SUBSIDIARY                                                                                                  2021               2020
Bell Canada                                                                                                100 %              100 %
Bell Mobility Inc.                                                                                         100 %              100 %
Bell Media Inc.                                                                                            100 %              100 %




Transactions with joint arrangements and associates
During 2021 and 2020, BCE provided communication services and received programming content and other services in the
normal course of business on an arm’s length basis to and from its joint arrangements and associates. Our joint arrangements
and associates include MLSE, Glentel Inc. and Dome Productions Partnership. From time to time, BCE may be required to make
capital contributions in its investments.

In 2021, BCE recognized revenues and incurred expenses with our joint arrangements and associates of $10 million (2020 – $14
million) and $178 million (2020 – $133 million), respectively.


BCE Master Trust Fund

Bimcor Inc. (Bimcor), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bell Canada, is the administrator of the Master Trust Fund. Bimcor
recognized management fees of $13 million from the Master Trust Fund for 2021 and 2020, respectively. The details of BCE’s
post-employment benefit plans are set out in Note 27, Post-employment benefit plans.
Compensation of key management personnel

The following table includes compensation of key management personnel for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020
included in our income statements. Key management personnel has the authority and responsibility for overseeing, planning,
directing and controlling our business activities and consists of our Board of Directors and our Executive Leadership Team.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                             2021           2020
Wages, salaries, fees and related taxes and benefits                                                       (23)               (30)
Post-employment benefit plans and OPEBs cost                                                                (3)                (3)
Share-based compensation                                                                                   (21)               (26)
Key management personnel compensation expense                                                              (47)               (59)
Note 36                    Significant partly-owned subsidiary
The following tables show summarized financial information for our subsidiary with significant non-controlling interest (NCI).

Summarized statements of financial position
                                                                                                                                           CTV SPECIALTY(1) (2)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                 2021                2020
Current assets                                                                                                                                   329                357
Non-current assets                                                                                                                             1,010              1,032
Total assets                                                                                                                                   1,339              1,389
Current liabilities                                                                                                                              220                159
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                          226                227
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                446                386
Total equity attributable to BCE shareholders                                                                                                    622                699
NCI                                                                                                                                              271                304
(1) At December 31, 2021 and 2020, the ownership interest held by NCI in CTV Specialty Television Inc. (CTV Specialty) was 29.9%. CTV Specialty was incorporated and
    operated in Canada as at such dates.
(2) CTV Specialty's net assets at December 31, 2021 and 2020 include $5 million and $6 million, respectively, directly attributable to NCI.




Selected income and cash flow information
                                                                                                                                             CTV SPECIALTY(1)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                                                     2021            2020
Operating revenues                                                                                                                                 879             754
Net earnings                                                                                                                                       158             202
Net earnings attributable to NCI                                                                                                                    51              64
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                         164             200
Total comprehensive income attributable to NCI                                                                                                      53              63
Cash dividends paid to NCI                                                                                                                          86              53
(1) CTV Specialty's net earnings and total comprehensive income include $5 million directly attributable to NCI for 2021 and 2020, respectively.




Note 37                    Discontinued operations
On June 1, 2020, BCE announced that it had entered into an agreement to sell substantially all of its data centre operations in an
all-cash transaction valued at $1.04 billion.

In Q4 2020, we completed the sale for proceeds of $933 million (net of debt and other items) and recorded a gain on sale, net of
taxes, of $211 million. The capital gain as a result of the sale is mainly offset by the recognition of previously unrecognized
capital loss carryforwards.

The data centre operations that were sold were presented as a discontinued operation in our 2020 income statement and
statement of cash flows. Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets that were sold were no longer depreciated or
amortized effective June 1, 2020.
The following table summarizes the carrying value of the assets and liabilities sold:

                                                                                                                         2020
  Contract assets                                                                                                           1
  Contract costs                                                                                                            2
  Property, plant and equipment                                                                                          484
  Intangible assets                                                                                                      227
  Goodwill                                                                                                                115
Total assets sold                                                                                                        829
  Long-term debt                                                                                                          113
  Deferred tax liability                                                                                                   37
  Other non-current liabilities                                                                                             9
Total liabilities sold                                                                                                   159
Net assets sold                                                                                                          670




The following tables summarize the income statement and statement of cash flows of our discontinued operations up to the point
of sale.

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                           2020
Operating revenues                                                                                                        118
Operating costs                                                                                                           (57)
Depreciation                                                                                                              (18)
Amortization                                                                                                               (7)
Interest expense                                                                                                           (6)
Other expense                                                                                                              (8)
Income taxes                                                                                                               (7)
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders before gain on sale                                                       15
Gain on sale (net of taxes of $3 million)                                                                                 211
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders                                                                          226




FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                                                           2020
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                                      54
Cash flows from investing activities                                                                                     892
Cash flows used in financing activities                                                                                    (7)
Net increase in cash                                                                                                     939
Note 38             COVID-19

Our financial and operating performance saw a steady improvement in 2021 despite the continued adverse impacts of the
COVID-19 pandemic experienced throughout the year, due to our operational execution and the easing of government
restrictions in the second half of the year. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, although moderated, continued to
unfavourably affect Bell Wireless product and roaming revenues, Bell Media advertising revenues, as well as Bell Wireline
business market equipment revenues, due to reduced commercial activity as a result of the government restrictions put in place
to combat the pandemic, particularly in the first half of the year, and the global supply chain challenges experienced in the
second half of the year.

Due to uncertainties relating to the severity and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and possible resurgences in the number of
COVID-19 cases, including as a result of the potential emergence of other variants, and various potential outcomes, it is difficult
at this time to estimate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business or future financial results and related
assumptions. Our business and financial results could continue to be unfavourably impacted, and could again become more
significantly and negatively impacted, in future periods, including, among others, as a result of global supply chain challenges
adversely affecting our wireless and wireline product revenues.
Reports on internal controls

                                                                                                                                                                   Exhibit 99.4

Reports on internal controls
MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
The management of BCE Inc. (BCE) is responsible for establishing and                       Based on that evaluation, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control       Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal
over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the                control over financial reporting was effective as at December 31, 2021. There were
President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief           no material weaknesses that have been identified by BCE’s management in internal
Financial Officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other             control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2021.
personnel of BCE, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external               Our internal control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2021 has been
purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as          audited by Deloitte LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, who also
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                             audited our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2021. Deloitte LLP issued an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal
Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not         control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2021.
prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. Also, projections of any
evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future
periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or            (signed) Mirko Bibic
procedures may deteriorate.                                                                President and Chief Executive Officer

Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the
President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief
Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as   (signed) Glen LeBlanc
at December 31, 2021, based on the criteria established in Internal Control –              Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
                                                                                           (signed) Thierry Chaumont
                                                                                           Senior Vice-President, Controller and Tax
                                                                                           March 3, 2022


                                                                                                                                           BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT | 127
Reports on internal controls

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of BCE Inc.

OPINION ON INTERNAL CONTROL                                                          DEFINITION AND LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL
OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING                                                             CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of BCE Inc. and        A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria              reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the          preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In          generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal    reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria          of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.        dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
                                                                                     transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company         in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial       expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
statements as at and for the year ended December 31, 2021, of the Company and        of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
our report dated March 3, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion on those            assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use,
financial statements.                                                                or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
                                                                                     financial statements.
BASIS FOR OPINION
                                                                                     Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal           prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of      to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying              because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our                or procedures may deteriorate.
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and     /s/ Deloitte LLP
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.                 Chartered Professional Accountants

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those          Montréal, Canada
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable            March 3, 2022
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was      We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1880.
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures
as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


128 | BCE INC. 2021 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                        Exhibit 99.5

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-12130 on Form F-3, Registration Statement
No. 333-249962 on Form F-10 and Registration Statements Nos. 333-12780 and 333-12802 on Form S-8 and to the use of our reports
dated March 3, 2022, relating to the financial statements of BCE Inc. (the “Company”) and the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 40-F for the year ended December 31, 2021.



/s/ Deloitte LLP

Montréal, Canada
March 4, 2022
                                                                                                                                                        Exhibit 99.6


                                                           NOTICE OF RELIANCE
                                               SECTION 13.4 OF NATIONAL INSTRUMENT 51-102
                                                 CONTINUOUS DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS

To:   Alberta Securities Commission
      British Columbia Securities Commission
      Manitoba Securities Commission
      Financial and Consumer Services Commission, New Brunswick
      Office of the Superintendent of Securities, Newfoundland and Labrador
      Nova Scotia Securities Commission
      Ontario Securities Commission
      Office of the Superintendent of Securities, Prince Edward Island
      Autorité des marchés financiers
      Financial and Consumer Affairs Authority of Saskatchewan
      Toronto Stock Exchange




Notice is hereby given that Bell Canada relies on the continuous disclosure documents filed by BCE Inc. pursuant to the exemption from the requirements of
National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations (“NI 51-102”) provided in Section 13.4 of NI 51-102.


The continuous disclosure documents of BCE Inc. can be found for viewing in electronic format at www.sedar.com.


Attached to this notice and forming part thereof is the consolidating summary financial information for BCE Inc. as required by Section 13.4 of NI 51-102.


Dated: March 4, 2022
                                                                                          BELL CANADA



                                                                                          By:         (signed) Thierry Chaumont
                                                                                          Name:       Thierry Chaumont
                                                                                          Title:      Senior Vice-President, Controller and Tax
      BELL CANADA
UNAUDITED SELECTED SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (1)
For the periods ended December 31, 2021 and 2020
(in millions of Canadian dollars)
BCE Inc. fully and unconditionally guarantees the payment obligations of its 100% owned subsidiary Bell Canada under the public debt issued by Bell Canada.
Accordingly, the following summary financial information is provided by Bell Canada in compliance with the requirements of section 13.4 of National Instrument
51-102 (Continuous Disclosure Obligations) providing for an exemption for certain credit support issuers. The tables below contain selected summary financial
information for (i) BCE Inc. (as credit supporter), (ii) Bell Canada (as credit support issuer) on a consolidated basis, (iii) BCE Inc.’s subsidiaries, other than Bell
Canada, on a combined basis, (iv) consolidating adjustments, and (v) BCE Inc. and all of its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, in each case for the periods
indicated. Such summary financial information for BCE Inc. and Bell Canada and all other subsidiaries is intended to provide investors with meaningful and
comparable financial information about BCE Inc. and its subsidiaries. This summary financial information should be read in conjunction with BCE Inc.’s audited
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021.
For the periods ended December 31:
                                                                   BCE INC.                          BELL CANADA CONSOLIDATED                        SUBSIDIARIES OF BCE INC.                      CONSOLIDATING                      BCE INC.
                                                           (“CREDIT SUPPORTER”)(2)                    (“CREDIT SUPPORT ISSUER”)                     OTHER THAN BELL CANADA(3)                      ADJUSTMENTS(4)                   CONSOLIDATED
                                                               2021           2020                         2021             2020                         2021             2020                    2021         2020                 2021         2020
 Operating revenues                                               —              —                       23,450           22,885                            —                —                        (1)          (2)            23,449       22,883
 Net earnings from continuing operations
  attributable to owners                                      2,840           2,408                       3,132             2,599                         362               120                  (3,494)      (2,719)              2,840         2,408
 Net earnings attributable to owners                          2,840           2,634                       3,132             2,940                         362               120                  (3,494)      (3,060)              2,840         2,634
As at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively:
                                                                   BCE INC.                           BELL CANADA CONSOLIDATED                       SUBSIDIARIES OF BCE INC.                      CONSOLIDATING                      BCE INC.
                                                           (“CREDIT SUPPORTER”)(2)                     (“CREDIT SUPPORT ISSUER”)                    OTHER THAN BELL CANADA(3)                      ADJUSTMENTS(4)                   CONSOLIDATED
                                                            Dec. 31,        Dec. 31,                    Dec. 31,          Dec. 31,                    Dec. 31,         Dec. 31,               Dec. 31,      Dec. 31,             Dec. 31,     Dec. 31,
                                                               2021           2020                         2021             2020                         2021            2020                    2021         2020                  2021        2020
 Total Current Assets                                            561             711                      6,826              9,291                          292             337                  (1,481)     (4,651)                6,198        5,688
 Total Non-current Assets                                     23,804         24,971                      54,140            48,444                            38              38                (17,416)     (18,476)               60,566      54,977
 Total Current Liabilities                                     1,672           4,589                      8,841              8,238                           81              95                  (1,481)     (4,651)                9,113        8,271
 Total Non-current Liabilities                                     58            104                     34,066            30,367                            —                —                     586         594                34,710      31,065
(1)   The summary financial information is prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and is in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles issued by the Canadian Accounting Standards Board for publicly-
      accountable enterprises.
(2)   This column accounts for investments in all subsidiaries of BCE Inc. under the equity method.
(3)   This column accounts for investments in all subsidiaries of BCE Inc. (other than Bell Canada) on a consolidated basis.
(4)   This column includes the necessary amounts to eliminate the intercompany balances between BCE Inc., Bell Canada and other subsidiaries and other adjustments to arrive at the information for BCE Inc. on a consolidated basis.
                                                                                                                Exhibit 99.7

                                                         BCE Inc.

                           EXHIBIT TO 2021 ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                               EARNINGS COVERAGE


The following consolidated financial ratios are calculated for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, give effect to the
issuance, redemption and announced redemption of all long-term debt since January 1, 2021 as if these transactions occurred
on January 1, 2021, and are based on unaudited financial information of BCE Inc.

                                                                                                          December 31, 2021

Earnings coverage of interest on debt requirements based on net earnings attributable to
owners of BCE Inc. before interest expense and income tax:                                                      4.2 times

Earnings coverage of interest on debt requirements based on net earnings attributable to
owners of BCE Inc. before interest expense, income tax and non-controlling interest:                            4.3 times
                                                                                                                               Exhibit 99.31
                                                            CERTIFICATIONS

I, Mirko Bibic, certify that:

    1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc.;

    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
       necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
       respect to the period covered by this report;

    3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
       material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in
       this report;

    4. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
       (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
       Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have:

             a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
                our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
                known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

             b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
                designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
                preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

             c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
                about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
                on such evaluation; and

             d. Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period
                covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer’s internal
                control over financial reporting; and
   5. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
      reporting, to the issuer’s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
      functions):

            a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
               which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
               information; and

            b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
               issuer’s internal control over financial reporting.


Date: March 4, 2022

(signed) Mirko Bibic

Mirko Bibic
President and Chief Executive Officer
BCE Inc.
                                                           CERTIFICATIONS

I, Glen LeBlanc, certify that:

    1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 40-F of BCE Inc.;

    2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
       necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
       respect to the period covered by this report;

    3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
       material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in
       this report;

    4. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
       (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
       Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have:

            a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
               our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
               known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

            b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
               designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
               preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

            c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
               about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
               on such evaluation; and

            d. Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period
               covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer’s internal
               control over financial reporting; and
   5. The issuer’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
      reporting, to the issuer’s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
      functions):

            a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
               which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
               information; and

            b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
               issuer’s internal control over financial reporting.


Date: March 4, 2022

(signed) Glen LeBlanc

Glen LeBlanc
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
BCE Inc.
                                                                                                                        Exhibit 99.32

                 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                             SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

       Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of BCE Inc. (the “Company”), does hereby certify that:

the annual report on Form 40-F for the year ended December 31, 2021 of the Company (the “Form 40-F”) fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 40-F fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.


Date: March 4, 2022                         (signed) Mirko Bibic
                                            Mirko Bibic
                                            President and Chief Executive Officer
                                            BCE Inc.


Date: March 4, 2022                         (signed) Glen LeBlanc
                                            Glen LeBlanc
                                            Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
                                            BCE Inc.
